Do you want to learn how to draw or paint? Are you looking for painting tips and drawing techniques that will help you along your artistic journey? Or perhaps you'd like to deepen your understanding of and appreciation for art?This website has something for everyone - from the complete beginner to the avid art enthusiast. Basically, this is a website for the creative spirit!MEDIUM: acrylics, watercolor, colored pencils, ink, pastelSUBJECT: still life, landscape, nature, portraiture, abstractSTYLE: photorealism, abstract, whimsical, compositeYou'll find practical hands-on tutorials that cover a wide range of subjects within the world of painting and drawing. Art-is-fun.com also features inspiring and encouraging articles that explain the main facets of art, such as subject matter and style... all of which aim to ignite and rejuvenate your passion for self-expression through art!Art-is-fun.com is the dedicated work of single artist: Thaneeya McArdle (me). That's my art above, and I'm delighted at the chance to share with you everything I know about art and art-making. You will also often see my artwork on every page of this site, to illustrate the topic at hand.Learning how to draw and paint is a fun process (hence the name of this site)! These pages provide a wealth of information about how to draw and paint ~ and also about what to draw and paint. Explore the different subjects in art to get a better grasp of why certain themes have been so popular in art throughout the ages. Click through the various art styles to learn the different forms that art can take. Let these ideas wash over you and seep into your creative soul!So, pull up an easel, get out your drawing pad, put on your favorite smock! Let's have fun!This website is an ever-evolving work-in-progress, because there's just so much to share about how to make art! I began this website in 2009 and even though my work as a full-time professional artist keeps me very busy, I still add new articles and tutorials to Art is Fun when I have the time.If you'd like to see more of my art, check out my website at Thaneeya.com.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
The basic premise of this site is that:and by "fun", I mean that art is:Hi! My name is Thaneeya McArdle and I'm the creator of this site and its content.My aim with Art-is-Fun.com is to offer up the various nuggets of art knowledge that I have acquired over the years, both in terms of practical, how-to knowledge, as well as educational information about various aspects of art. This site is designed to be a resource and inspiration for art lovers and enthusiasts of any skill level. Whether you'reyou know that we all began our journey in more-or-less the same carefree way: finger-painting, sidewalk chalk, boxes of half-chewed Crayola crayons, and/or scribbling on living room walls. Those were the days of daydreams and doodling. Who says they have to end?Art-is-fun.com is also helpful for art instructors looking for supplemental material to share with their students. Whether it's background information about still lifes, an insight into what abstract art is all about, or a detailed explanation of how to paint photorealistically - this site provides a wealth of information for art students at any level of practice.This website isn't just for people who want to make art. Art-is-fun.com is also a great resource of art information for people who love art and want to know more about various aspects of art theory, art history, and the artistic process. This site will help you with your study and deepen your understanding of art.In general, the content of this site can be of benefit to anybody seeking to live in a more creative and contemplative manner, with awareness of and appreciation for the world around them. Making art is but one tool for achieving this aim, and since it's my area of expertise, I am delighted to share my enthusiasm with the world!To learn more about me, click here.Art is a journey, just like life is a journey. Art and life can co-exist and run in tandem as parallel streams of existence, at times interweaving until they are inseparable, influencing and enriching one another as we wind our way through the ever-flowing river of time.New content is constantly added to Art is Fun, because there is just so much to share! There are 2 easy ways to keep up-to-date with this site: And if you like Art is Fun, share it with others by posting a link to this site on your website, blog, Facebook page, etc!I hope you enjoy wading through this site as much as I enjoy making it. Wishing you endless amounts of creative inspiration on your artistic journey! Please note that I spend a lot of time and energy developing the articles and tutorials you see on this site. Please do not copy my pages or my images without my permission. If you would like to seek my permission, please contact me here.If you notice that someone is using my content without providing proper credit, please contact me to let me know. Thank you!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
This abstract art flower painting lesson will walk you step by step through the process of painting a funky, colorful floral abstract painting in acrylics... like the one on the right!Painting abstract flowers is fun and easy. It's basically a building process, where you paint shapes and patterns in different colors on top of each other and next to each other.I've done several of these floral abstracts over the years, because they are just so fun and look so good when they're finished. Painting them is relaxing, almost meditative. And they turn out differently each time!I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.Before we get started, you might find it useful to see a quick visual overview of the process. Click here or click on the image to the right to view a larger version. Then come back here and read through the step by step instructions to create your own abstract art flower painting!I used a 12 x 12 inch canvas for this abstract art flower painting tutorial, but you can use any size canvas you want - square or rectangular, small or large. I've done these floral abstract paintings on canvases as small as 6" x 6" and as large as 24" x 36".First, prime your canvas by covering it with 1-2 coats of gesso. (If you're wondering "What is gesso and why is it important?" then click here to learn about gesso and how to prime your canvas with gesso.)Once the gesso has dried, use your ruler and a pencil to draw a grid on your canvas. There are many possibilities here - your grid squares can be as small or as large as you like. For my 12 x 12 inch painting, I chose 3-inch squares (4 rows of 4 squares each).I could have easily also done 4-inch squares (3 rows of 3 squares each) or 2-inch squares (6 rows of 6 squares each) or even 6-inch squares (2 rows of 2 squares each). After you've drawn your grid, you're ready to paint! The first step is to paint each square a solid color. You can choose any colors you want. Here's how it looks when you're starting out:As you can see, the squares don't have to be painted "perfectly". My edges are a bit wobbly, but that's okay. The edges will actually get painted over in the next step, which you'll see in a second.When you paint in each square, try to think of how each color will look next to the other colors. With that said, in general don't worry too much about selecting the "right" colors because:You'll be painting different colors on top of these squares to make your flowers, so only a portion of these background colors will actually show through by the time you're finished.Okay, enough jumping ahead! Let's get back to where you are now...Here is how the painting will look with all the squares painted in:Congrats - now your canvas is all covered in paint! That's an important first step. From here on out, you'll be adding detail to each square and making each one unique!The next step is to paint a "border" inside each square, like so:When you paint these borders, try to choose colors that go well with the background color of the square, and also goes well with neighboring colors.Remember not to fret too much about choosing the "right" colors though, as I mentioned earlier. Just go with your gut feeling, and remember that the painting will look different by the time you're finished because you'll be adding a lot more detail.Here is how the canvas looks after the borders have been painted inside each square:Abstract Painting SquaresNext you'll be painting circles inside the squares, like so: The circles can be any size and color you want. I find that painting a variety of sizes and colors creates a more interesting composition to work with. Here's how it looks when all the circles are painted in:The painting is really starting to POP! isn't it?Now it's time to paint petals and other details around or on top of the circles. For example, examine the progress photo below, and notice how I added pale yellow in several places. I painted:Compare the image below with the image above, if that helps make it easier to see the added details.I find that it is easiest to choose one color, and then add several details using that same color, before moving onto the next color.After adding the pale yellow details above, I added some orange details:Next, I added pink and red details:Remember, you can also paint details on top of the details.Also, try to create a variety of petal shapes, like tear-drops, inverted tear-drops, swirls, loops, half-circles, pointy half-circles, etc.Next I added some petals and other details in pale orange and magenta:It's starting to look more and more finished, isn't it!Next I added some blue petals and details:Pink and yellow details were then added:A few orange and yellow-orange details were added, and now the painting is nearly done!
At this point, I felt the painting was just about complete. It only needed one more thing... metallic paint! (buy on Blick: purchases support this site).
I like shiny, sparkly things, so I couldn't resist adding some metallic blue, copper and gold to each flower. It's a fun finishing touch that adds extra oomph to the painting.Voila! There's the finished abstract flower painting!Knowing when the painting is "finished" is a very subjective thing, so go with your gut feeling. Some people like tons of detail while others prefer less detail, so try to find a balance in your painting that pleases you.If you're not sure whether a painting is done or not, set it aside for a few days or a week, and then look at it again with fresh eyes. Sometimes all it takes is a short break for you to see the artwork anew!For a quick visual refresher, take a look at this overview of the steps to create this abstract art flower painting, and then read on to find out what to do with the sides of the canvas. You'll also see examples of other abstract art flower paintings!Now, there's just one last detail to take care of...When you paint, you're likely to get paint on the sides of the canvas, like you can see in the side view above. So what should you do with those unfinished edges?I describe several options on what to do with the sides of your canvas here. Basically, you can either paint the sides a solid color, or paint them to match the front. I've done both!For this painting, I decided to paint the edges black. I used a flat brush for this, and also painted very carefully, so as not to get any of the black paint on the front of the painting.If you know in advance that you'll want to paint the sides black, a good idea is to paint the sides black before you even paint the front. It can be the next step after you gesso. That way, if you get any paint on the sides while you're painting the front, you can easily touch up the sides with dabs of black after you're done with the front. When you just do touch-ups, there less chance of accidentally getting the black paint on the front.
If you decide to paint the edges black, black gesso is a great option because it flows well and it is easy to apply. Because of the consistency of black gesso, I find it easier to use when painting the sides of a canvas, rather than regular black acrylic paint.
Another idea for the sides is to paint them to match the front. You can simply carry on the abstract art flower motif around to the edges.Here is an example of one of my abstract art flower paintings that has sides painted to match the front:I hope you enjoy this Abstract Art Flower Painting Lesson! As I mentioned earlier, one of the best things about painting abstract art flower paintings is that each one can be so different, depending on several factors, such as color choices and placement, designs, sizes, etc. Check out the examples below for inspiration!Here are some other abstract art flower paintings I've created in other sizes:This is the front of the painting shown just above, with the sides painted to match the front. This was painted on a 7" x 7" canvas, with 1" squares.I was first inspired to create these floral abstract acrylic paintings because of my love for Indian textiles from Rajasthan, with their detailed patterns and colorfully mesmerizing designs. I designed these abstract paintings to resemble a cross between these Indian textiles and other types of quilts. I was tickled when a professional quilt-maker made a quilt based on the above abstract art flower painting!The painting above was painted on a 18" x 24" canvas, using 3" squares.The 2 paintings above were painted on 9" x 12" wood panels, with 3" squares. Abstract art flower paintings look great when hung in pairs!The painting above is another example of a 12" x 12" abstract art flower painting with 3" squares - the same dimensions used in this tutorial.This painting lesson shows you how I make abstract flower paintings in my signature style. Please read this important message if you want to publicly display or sell your paintings that you made based on this lesson. Thank you in advance!Happy Painting!!Click to return to the Abstract Art Table of Contents, where you can...Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
These easy abstract watercolor painting instructions will have you painting your own abstract art in no time! All you need are a pencil, watercolor paints, a piece of watercolor paper, a paint brush, and an hour or so of your time, and you'll be on the road to making your own colorful abstract art!These abstract painting instructions will demonstrate how to make a watercolor painting like this:  Many budding artists, art students, and even seasoned realist painters are not sure where to begin when painting abstract art. A common problem faced by people learning how to paint abstract art for the first time is that they think "abstract" means that "anything goes". While it is true that in today's art world, anything does go, it is useful to learn the method behind the madness (so to speak) when it comes to abstract art.If you've read my intro to abstract art, then you'll know that the formal (visual) elements of abstract art can include any one or more of the following: line, color, form, shape, pattern or texture.In these abstract watercolor painting instructions, we'll focus mainly on color and shape, with a little bit of pattern thrown in towards the end of the watercolor painting lesson.In addition to demonstrating how to use these formal elements to create abstract art, these abstract watercolor painting instructions will also show you how to mix watercolors to create analogous colors. Cool, huh?!Since these abstract watercolor painting instructions show you the basic steps to creating your own abstract watercolor paintings, you can adapt these instructions in a number of ways, lifting your wings to create abstract watercolor paintings in any variety of colors, using any number of shapes in all types of sizes. Use these abstract watercolor paintings as a starting point for freeing your creativity - as a springboard for getting you to think and learn about how to make your own abstract art.For instance, these basic instructions were also used to the create the abstract watercolor painting below:Sound cool? Let's try it out!The supplies for this easy-to-follow watercolor lesson are minimal and inexpensive. These means you can try your hand at painting abstract art without breaking the bank!Although this lesson is done using watercolors, you could take the basic instructions and use them with colored pencils, acrylics, markers, etc to create your own abstract art.I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.All you need is a pencil, watercolor paper, watercolor paints (pan or tubes), and a small paintbrush (size 0 or 1).Here we go!On your watercolor paper, use your pencil to draw a few simple shapes all over your paper. You can see what I've drawn below. I chose to draw things like circles, triangles, trapezoids, rectangles, tear drops and squigglies.You don't have to draw the same shapes - you can use your imagination and draw whatever shapes you want!Next, add more simple pencil shapes to the ones you've just drawn. I tried to "connect" the new shapes to the ones already on the paper.If this sounds confusing at all, scroll to the next picture for a visual explanation.In the image below, I've outlined the new shapes in red. These new shapes are the ones that I added to the first array of shapes. Now that you've drawn some simple basic shapes and then added some more basic shapes, it's time to get out the watercolors!You can use watercolors from tubes or watercolors in a pan. As you can see, I used watercolors in a pan. These were a fairly inexpensive set that I purchased for under $20.The clear lid of the watercolor case lifts up to become a watercolor palette. This is where you can mix colors. Since the palette is clear, I placed a piece of plain white paper behind it, to make it easier to see the colors I'm mixing.When you are done with your painting, you can either wait for the leftover paint to dry on the palette and then close it (if you plan to re-use the mixed colors later), or you can simply wash the palette clean using plain water, patting it dry with paper towels or a rag.So, using a small brush (I used a Size 0), choose a color. As you can see, I chose red.Choose a few of the shapes on your paper and fill them in with your choice of paint.After you've filled in a few shapes, choose another color. I chose yellow, because red and yellow are both primary colors that can be used to make orange. I placed the yellow paint next to the red painting on the palette and then I mixed the two together with my brush to make a nice orange color.I filled in a few of the shapes using the mixed orange:Next I decided to lighten the color by adding some white.Here is how it looked after I mixed it (see image below).Note that I didn't mix all the paint together - I left some orange and some red in case I want to go back and use those colors again (which I will later).I used my new pale ochre color to fill in a few more shapes.Now that I've gone from red to orange to ochre, I decided to go a bit darker. I added brown to the red and mixed them together on the palette.Using the brown paint, I finished painting in the rest of the shapes.Using your choice of colors, follow these steps of mixing colors on your palette and filling in shapes until they are all painted.Depending on how detailed your want your abstract watercolor painting to be, you can actually choose to stop now if you like the way it looks - or you can forge ahead if you are a detail-addict like me.At this point I decided to jazz it up a bit by adding some repetitive designs - otherwise known as patterns. A pattern can be as simple as a row of circles - which is exactly what I've done! I added lines of orange circles around various shapes. It's a good thing I had some leftover orange!(Although if I needed to, I could have always mixed some new orange. One thing to keep in mind when mixing colors though is that sometimes it can be difficult to mix the *exact* same color. For that reason, if you think you'll be using a lot of a certain mixed color, always mix more than you think you'll need.)Next I added rows of yellow dots and brown dots around the other shapes.Now, I really could have stopped here if I wanted to. Plenty of people would have considered this composition "done", finito, finished. But not me! If you've seen my abstract art, then you know how much I love DETAIL!So to satiate my need for lotsa detail, I added some brown circles (as opposed to dots) around various parts of the paper. To further balance the composition and make it interesting, I also added some cute red triangles.Now I think the abstract watercolor painting is finished!Check it out!One of the cool things about abstract art is that you can usually display it with any side facing up. You can turn it over and over, testing all four sides before deciding which way it looks best. There's a good chance that you like the way it looks with a different orientation than the one you were working on.For instance, I think this painting looks pretty cool when displayed in this direction:When you are done with your watercolor painting, it is a good idea to spray your finished masterpiece with a permanent fixative like Krylon Crystal Clear. This will make the painting waterproof and protect it from accidental and environmental damage.Purchases of our recommended products help support this site and keep it FREE! Thanks!Remember how I said earlier that you can use these abstract watercolor painting instructions as a starting point to inspire you to create all kinds of abstract art? You can create many different variations of the painting I've demonstrated here.For instance, check out the painting below. By following the abstract watercolor painting instructions I outlined above, I made this abstract watercolor painting below in less than an hour.I used a different set of shapes, a different composition, and different colors. I also used a repetitive array of dots (yes! a dot pattern!) to visually "link" the whole painting together.That should give you an idea of all the cool things you can do to create your own abstract watercolor paintings.Have fun painting!Click to return to the Abstract Art Table of Contents, where you can...Purchases of these recommended books on Amazon help support this site!
Watercolor Without Boundaries
Painting Abstracts
Atmospheric WatercolorsSign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
I love acrylic mediums because they make acrylic paints so versatile! In this article I'm going to introduce you to mediums - liquids or gels that you mix into the paint - and explain how they can help you create different effects and finishes by making the paint thicker, thinner, glossy, matte, textured, slow-drying and more. Acrylic mediums are yet another reason why I prefer acrylics over oils. There are mediums for oil paints, but they're smelly, toxic, and you have to be careful about how you use them or you risk paint cracking. There are no such worries with acrylic mediums because they are made with the same emulsion base as acrylic paint, so they dry at the same rate. But you do need to be a bit careful with additives.I've included additives in this page because they serve a similar function to mediums. The difference is that additives don't contain acrylic binders (like mediums do) so you must follow the label and use them in correct proportions. Most mediums can be added to the paint in any amount until you've the achieved the desired effect, but it's possible for additives to weaken the color and adhesion of the paint when overused.I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.Now lets take a look at the types of acrylic mediums and additives you can use with acrylic paint:  Gloss Medium, Matte Medium, Glazing Medium, Gel Medium, Modeling Paste, Texture Gels, Retarding Medium, and Flow Improver.
Gloss mediums are handy if you want to enhance the natural sheen and luminosity of acrylic paint. Gloss medium will also make paint thinner and more transparent, which is useful if you want to paint thin but brilliant glazes.
Because acrylic paint is already naturally glossy, matte medium is handy when a more subtle, non-reflective finish is needed. You can also mix gloss and matte mediums together in equal parts to achieve a kind of semi-gloss.
Like gloss medium, glazing medium will make acrylic paint more transparent and facilitate subtle glazing techniques.
Glazing medium is also sometimes called glazing liquid, depending on the brand. Golden offers glazing liquid in satin and gloss sheens. Make sure you don't buy glazing medium that contains oils because it's not compatible with acrylics.
Gel medium is a white, paste-like gel that will thicken your paint so that it retains brushstrokes, which is great for impasto techniques. Gel medium also enhances the adhesive properties of the paint, which makes it suitable for collage work.
Gel mediums are available in different types, like gloss & matte, and also different textures, which I'll discuss below.
Modeling paste, sometimes called molding paste, is like gel medium but thicker and harder. You can literally make your painting three-dimensional by building up a relief that can then be sculpted, sanded or carved once it's dry. Modeling paste is also great for collage because you can embed all kinds of objects in the surface.
Texture gels imitate certain textures, such as sand, ceramic stucco and glass beads. They're fun to experiment with and can really enhance certain artworks. You can also make your own texture by mixing in some sand, sawdust or whatever you want. To learn more about how to use them you can vist my Acrylic Texture Mediums page.
Retarding medium (also called retarders) slows down the drying time of acrylic paint so that it behaves more like oil paint. This allows you to mix colors on the support and create smooth blending effects. Most retarding mediums are actually additives (lacking acrylic binders) so follow the directions and make sure you don't use too much.
If you use blending effects a lot, it might be easier to buy Open Acrylics which are formulated to have a longer drying time straight out of the jar.
Flow improver, another additive you must use sparingly, thins acrylic paint for use with wash techniques and painting over large areas. Acrylic paints are water-based, so you can thin them with water which breaks down the acrylic binder and makes the paint behave like watercolors. Flow improver works by breaking the surface tension of the water inside the paint which thins the paint without reducing color strength or compromising the finish. Flow improver is sometimes referred to as flow aid, depending on the brand.
You can check out more art supplies for acrylics and other media via the guide to buying art supplies. Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Buying acrylic paint when you're a beginner can seem daunting because there are so many different brands, colors, and variations to choose from... but fear not! This page will help you navigate that maze and find acrylic paints that match your needs and your budget.For more information on how to actually use them, check out my painting with acrylics page.Before we begin: Selecting paint is a very personal experience because it hinges on the style of art you prefer and specific painting techniques you employ. I'm going help you make an informed choice, but you really need to just get some paint and start making art! As you gain experience you'll come to know what brands and varieties you like best.So let's get started! When shopping for acrylics you need to consider the following factors: quality, color, permanence, viscosity, tube or jar, drying time, and brands. You can buy acrylics in two grades: artists' quality and students' quality. Artists' quality paints (sometimes referred to as "professional") come in a wide range of colors, have a high concentration of finely ground pigment, and boast high permanence ratings. Students' colors are cheaper but the trade off is a smaller selection, lower pigment levels and the possible inclusion of fillers which may weaken the color strength. The difference between the two isn't just how they're made - often it's noticeable that artists' colors are more vibrant and have a smoother consistency that makes them easier to blend and layer.If you're a beginner and on a budget, it's fine to start off with students' quality paint, but I'd recommend graduating to artists' colors once you start producing artwork that you care about preserving (especially if you aim to sell your work). Another option is to take the middle road by getting students' paints for the earth colors (which are almost just as good) but forking out more for the pure intense colors. Some artists also save money by using students' colors for underpainting and using professional quality paint on top.There are a dizzying number of colors available for acrylics. If you're a beginner, start off with the 10 colors below. You can mix them to create other colors as needed.Another option for beginners is to start off with an acrylic paint set. This will save you some money per tube and give you a good place to start. Often it's helpful for beginners to not think too much about materials and just start painting. If you're looking to buy artists' quality paints, you'll notice that some colors are much more expensive than others (although still cheaper than oil paints). This is because some pigments are very hard to obtain. Some manufactuers will group their paints according to "series" with "1" being the cheapest and "7" the most expensive. Typically the earth colors are the cheapest, while the colors derived from cadmium can cost up to four times as much! Some brands offer cheaper options by substituting with synthetic pigments, but they will likely have a lower permanence rating and less color intensity. You can spot this on the product by looking for the word "hue" after the pigment name. With that said, I use some of the "hue" colors in my art and I'm satisfied with the quality.These days it's also possible to buy "speciality colors" like fluorescent or irridescent paints which contain pigments that, on their own or mixed with regular paint, create interesting luminous effects. Some of these pigments aren't permanent, so keep that in mind if you decide to experiment. Speaking of which...Permanence, often called lightfastness, refers to the ability of the pigment in the paint to resist gradual fading when exposed to light. Pigments that fade over time are often called fugitive colors. Most acrylic colors have much higher permanence ratings than oils or watercolors, which is another reason why I love them!There are certain lightfastness standards that you should look for when selecting paint. ASTM International (formerly known as the American Society for Testing and Materials) classifies artists' colors based on a test that simulates 20 years of gallery exposure:ATSM I = Excellent LightfastnessATSM II = Very Good LightfastnessATSM III = Not Sufficiently Lightfast**** or AA = Extremely permanent colors*** or A = Durable colors.** or B = Moderately durable colors.* or C = Fugitive ColorsUnless you're practicing or experimenting, I recommend using only paints with excellent or very good lightfastness ratings. You can find the ATSM rating on the tube or jar.Viscosity refers to the consistency or thickness of the paint. Heavy body acrylics have a thick, buttery consistency (similar to oil paints) that retains brushstrokes and facilitates color mixing and blending. Alternatively, fluid acrylics are thinner (but contain the same pigment concentration) and are suited to detail work, staining, watercolor techniques, and dry-brush work. If you're looking for something in between, there are also many different acrylic mediums that you can mix into the paint to get the exact consistency you want.Whichever type you buy depends the style of your paintings and personal preference. Some artists might use several types in the same painting, but if you're just starting out, begin with the more common heavy body acrylics because they can still be thinned with water or an acrylic medium if needed.Heavy body acrylics are available in either tubes or jars. Here's how they differ: Tubes are small and portable but you can save money with jars by buying more paint at once. They also have slightly different consistencies: paint from tubes is paste-like, while paint from jars is still thick but will flatten out when on the palette.If you're not sure which to get, start off with the tubes and buy a few jars once you've found particular brands and colors you use a lot. If you're buying your first acrylic paints, start off with the smaller 2 fl.oz. tubes because a little goes a long way and you want to keep your options open so you can still experiment with other brands.Fluid acrylics typically come in bottles with screw tops or drippers that make it easy to apply the paint to the palette.A lot of artists prefer acrylics because they dry so quickly, but this can be a hassle if the paint dries out on the brush or palette before you're done with it. Plus, if you want to mix paint on the canvas and create blending effects, it's easier to use a paint that stays wet for longer amounts of time. Luckily, you have some options if you'd like to extend the drying time of your acrylics. Artists who like the slow drying time of oil paints, but still prefer the versatility and permanence of acrylics, can either use a retarding medium or buy interactive/open acrylics, which is a relatively new form of acrylic paint that is manufactured to include a retardant that can slow drying time down to as long as a few weeks. Open acrylics are a convenient solution for people looking to replicate oil paints with acrylics.
Some brands are better than others, but when it comes to the top tier manufacturers it's really a matter of personal preference. The brands I've listed below are reputable and reliable. In the beginning you may have to work around your budget (some are quite expensive) but in the end you might have to experiment with a few different brands to find one you like. After years of painting, my favorite brands are Golden and Liquitex (buy on Blick: purchases support this site).
Tip: If you're going to use acrylic paints from different brands on the same painting, make sure they're of the same quality and made with the same binder. Combining paints made with different chemical formulas can cause curdling, poor adhesion and other irregularities.I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.
The Recommended Products below are there to help you browse for art supplies, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that supports this site and keeps it FREE! Thanks in advance.
To help fund this site, I receive a small commission from purchases made via the links below.
You can check out more art supplies for acrylics and other media via the guide to buying art supplies.     Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Gathering the right acrylic painting art supplies is the first step in learning how to paint with acrylics. This page provides a list of essential acrylic art supplies that you'll need to get started painting with acrylics. I've also included a list of some extra artist supplies you may want to have on hand.If you're a total beginner who is just getting started with acrylics, be sure to look through the list of artist supplies for acrylic painting that are listed below. You can also read an overview of these basic art supplies for acrylic painting.The 3 most important artist supplies you will need are acrylic paint, paintbrushes, and a painting surface such as canvas or wood panels. But if you've never used them before, how do you know what to get? Read through the descriptions below to learn more about what to look acrylic paints. You can also consult my detailed Guide to Buying Acrylic Painting Supplies.If you make a purchase via the links below we receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
There are many brands of acrylic paints available. Not all are created equal, however. I personally use Golden, Liquitex, and Winsor-Newton. Lascaux is also another good (but expensive!) brand. The good thing about acrylic paint is that you can mix the paint from any brand. So if you're unsure of which brand to get, buy a tube from every brand to give them a try.
Most brands offer two different versions: Student Quality and Artist Quality. What's the difference? Price and quality. Artist Quality paints have better coverage and more punch, therefore it's more expensive than Student Quality paints. Yep, it's tempting to go for the Student Quality paints, because they are cheaper... however, I would generally suggest that you avoid the Student paints. They contain more filler and less pigment, so the results will be less satisfactory than the more superior Artist Quality paints. With that said, if budget is an issue, then go with what you can afford. But if you can, buy a tube or two of the Artist Quality paints as well, so that you can see and feel the difference for yourself.Acrylic paints come in tubes, bottles and jars. They also come in a range of sizes, from 2oz to 32oz. If you're just starting out, stick with the 2oz size. That way you can decide if you like the brand before investing in more. Those 2oz tubes can last a loooong time, depending on whether you paint large or small. I have had many of my 2oz tubes for years. Therefore, if you're a total beginner trying out acrylics, go for the smaller tubes or jars!You can also buy acrylic paints in sets, which might reduce the price per tube. Because of this, buying an acrylic paint set might be a good buy for beginners, since you'll be starting from scratch with your collection of paint colors.You might be surprised to learn that you don't need a while lot of colors to get started with acrylic painting. I would recommend that you have these 10 basic colors to start out with:You can freely mix these 10 basic colors to create many of the other colors you will need. In fact, you can even start off with as few as 6 colors, as evidenced by the Acrylic sets below.Most brands of acrylic paint offer dozens of different colors to choose from. This can be overwhelming at first, as you might feel that you need every single color in order to paint what you want! This isn't true, however. For instance, Golden makes 8 different shades of grey. But all you need to do is mix white and black, and voila! Who needs to buy grey paint?If you need to mix a specific color, always try to make it using the paints that you have on hand. If you try and the resulting colors aren't up to snuff, then go out and buy the color that most closely matches what you need. This tactic will save you money in the long run.
If you're a bit overwhelmed at this point, don't be! There are a few different acrylic painting sets that come with pretty much everything you need to get started with acrylics. The best thing is that they are quite affordable and contain all the acrylic painting supplies that you need in one compact set. They also make great gifts for budding artists who would like to explore acrylics!
The only downside is that most acrylic paint sets will contain Student Quality paint rather than Artist Quality. These sets will be helpful in getting your feet wet, but if you want to get serious with acrylics, you'll need to get good quality acrylic paint. If you want to buy an acrylic paint set, be sure to check whether the paint is Student Quality or Artist Quality, and get the one you feel would suit you best.
Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
I often get questions about acrylic painting and thought I'd put the questions and answers in one place.Click below to see acrylic painting questions from other visitors to this page... and read the answers!Varnish brush for varnishing large acrylic paintings Reader Question: Hi, I am about to varnish a 36" x 48" painting. Is there a larger brush size you would recommend and if so, which brand or does that …How to cover up pencil and charcoal marks Reader Question: I used a combination of charcoal and pencil marks on a hard canvas board that I had coated with a couple coats of gesso. I want to use …How to prepare acrylic paint for dripping technique Reader Question: How do I create the right consistency for dripping acrylic paint? Do I use an acrylic medium or just water? If you want to do …Difficulties reproducing the same colour with acrylics Reader Question: I just got started in acrylic painting. I just retired from years of work and began painting in canvas using acrylic. My problems are: …How long to wait between applying colors on canvas Reader Question: How long should I wait in between colors on a canvas? Should the first color completely dry before I add the second? The length …How to prevent acrylics from lifting Reader Question: Hi there, I'm trying to paint a realistic sky on gessoed masonite. Here's what I do: I lightly brush on an ultra thin layer of water …Making translucent paints more opaque Reader Question: I see you use bright colors on most of your work and I am trying to learn through practice with your inspiration, but have run into …How to remove acrylic stains Reader Question: Hi there, can you tell me what liquid can remove acrylic stains? Hi Gem Lim, The key to removing acrylic stains depends on …How to stop acrylic paint from drying too fast Reader Question: How do I stop the acrylic paint from drying out too fast when painting outside? Hi Estelle, Great question! When you're …Choosing a brand of acrylic paints Reader Question: Are Liquitex Heavy Body Acrylics good for a beginner or should I go for artist quality paints of some other brands like Galeria, Golden …Acrylic Painting Supplies for Beginners Reader Question: This is the first time I am going to try my hands with acrylic painting. Can let me know what kind of surface that we use to paint - …Using acrylic gesso on different supports such as linen, wood and metal Reader Question: Can acrylic gesso be reliably used on linen as well as cotton? How about metals or boards (and which)? Hi Miles! Yes, Linen …Which surface for acrylics offers the best longevity?Reader Question: Which support or surface should I use if I want my acrylic painting to last as long as possible?What type of varnish should I use to finish acrylic on canvas? Reader Question: Is there a particular varnish to use for acrylic on canvas? There are several different types of varnish you can choose from …How many layers of gesso should I apply on art board? Reader Question: How many times do you apply the gesso and then lightly sand it? The number of times that you'll need to apply gesso and then …How to create aged and cracked backgrounds Reader Question: Hi, I recently saw this amazing painting of an orchid in an art gallery at my hometown. It was done in acrylic and the background …Painting a mural with acrylics Reader Question: I am a student in need of some information about murals, or examples of them. I also wanted to know what type of paint to use for one. …Spray sealant for painting? Instead of painting on varnish with a brush, will a spray sealant work the same way? A spray varnish, such as Golden Archival Spray Varnish …How to make things look round and real Hi! I love looking at your photorealistic paintings and in my beginning painting class we are doing photorealistic paintings for our first project. …How can I get my abstract acrylic paint to move more smoothly? I am working in abstract on a 14 x 11" canvas. In order to get my shapes and details nice and smooth I am having to work too hard on it. Lots of drag, …How to dilute acrylic paint that is too thick or too hard If the acrylic paint is too thick or too hard, how can it be diluted? Hello Ketoma, If you find that your acrylic paint is too thick or …Using oils and acrylics in the same painting Is it okay to use a mixture of acrylic and oil paints in an abstract painting? Thanks! Regards, Nisha Great question! Generally, it is not …Using wood varnish on acrylic paintings Can I use an ordinary varnish for my acrylic paintings - the type of varnish that is used on wood? I'm a self-taught painter and I'm doing this as a …How to Paint Clean, Crisp Lines with Acrylics I would love to know how to paint clean, crisp lines in acrylic. I have practiced several different mediums with art for my whole life but am fairly …How to create a high gloss acrylic finish How do you create an acrylic painting with a high gloss finish? Can you add a water soluble varnish to the paint as it is applied? I want to bring out …Toxicity of Acrylic Paint? I have wanted to study painting (as a hobby) but have stayed away from it because of the toxicity issue associated with oil paint solvents. Now I want …How to varnish a giclee print that has been painted on with acrylics Reader Question: Hi, I am going to have some giclee prints made of a painting, and then personalize the individual prints. I am experimenting with personalizing …Can you reliably use the same set of brushes for watercolors and acrylics? Reader Question: Are brushes damaged by an alternation between acrylic and watercolor usage? Should I use only one set for one and one set for the other? …Dammar varnish on an acrylic painting? Reader Question: After you varnish an acrylic painting, and it has dried, can you use Dammar varnish on top? Hi Rena, I wouldn't recommend …Protecting an acrylic painting on a guitar Reader Question: I have painted a guitar with acrylic paints and want to protect it. I have tried using hairspray to coat it so that it wouldn't smudge …How long before rinsing acrylic paint off your brush? Reader Question: Thanks Thaneeya for your help! Yours is the first website I've found that is so tremendously helpful to artists! You go out of your …How long should an acrylic painting dry before varnish is applied? Reader Question: How long should an acrylic painting dry before varnish is applied? Hi Sharon, Although acrylics dry quickly on the surface, …Is it okay to mix different brands of acrylic paint? Reader Question: Can you intermingle different brands of acrylic paints? I inherited some Liquitex & Duro brand acrylic paints & just bought a few Golden. …How to Store Canvas Paper Paintings Reader Question: I'm in the middle of a project to make a painting for every page of Frankenstein . Each painting is acrylic on canvas paper, only …How to stop dust settling in the varnish Reader Question: I have an acrylic painting that is mainly white and the second I start applying the varnish, I watch and it seems that any speck of …Temperatures that damage paintings Reader Question: I've found from a few sources that an acrylic painting can develop a weak paint film if applied/allowed to dry in temperatures of 40F …Preparing wood for painting and maintaining transparency Reader Question: Hello, I'm interested in using acrylic on wood without priming with white gesso. I would like the wood grain to be visible and …Applying layers of acrylics Reader Question: I'm wondering about the best way to apply acrylics for my attempt at pop art. Is it best to use one thick layer or several thin layers …Opacity of white acrylic paint Why do I always have to put at least 2 coats of white acrylic on my paintings? Certain acrylic colors are more opaque than others - for instance, …Restoring a used canvas When I am painting the background on a canvas, I sometimes mess it up, so I let it dry and then start again. Because I am painting over it again, sometimes …Is it okay to paint over varnish? Can you paint acrylic over a varnished acrylic painting - should you find you need to fix something in the painting that has only come to light after …How to fix a canvas with a warped corner I have a 48" x 60" gallery wrapped canvas that has one corner that is warped. It will not hang flat against the wall when I am done with the intended …Varnish for acrylic painting on unglazed ceramic I'm going to use acrylic paints on an unglazed ceramic plate. What varnish can I use? Hi Vimi, If you are going to paint with acrylics on …Painting the radiance of lights at night The subject for my acrylic painting is the Eiffel Tower at night with the sky as background. The Tower is lighted. How do I paint the "radiance" emanating …How do I get a very smooth uniform paint surface? How do I get a very smooth uniform paint surface? I am painting on smooth composition board. Also should I treat the composition board surface before …Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Making art from nature involves utilizing various elements of nature (such as leaves, sticks, stones, bones, water, etc) in a creative way to make a new art object. The resulting artwork makes a statement about both nature and humanity's relationship to nature.This was the way we originally made art. Using natural materials to create art harkens back to the Stone Age, when Prehistoric people would use organic and mineral based pigments, such as metal oxides and iron, to make marks on cave walls.Fast forward several thousand years, and now these pigments are commercially available in tubes, jars and bottles. Most contemporary artists are far removed from the process of actually making their own paint. The same can be said for paintbrushes, whose main elements were initially natural - hairs from horses, camels, pigs and squirrel to form the bristles, and wood to form the handle. These days many paintbrushes contain synthetic hairs and plastic handles.Today's art supplies are a combination of natural and synthetic materials. Making art from nature takes a giant leap over this extra step of manufactured art supplies, and returns to the essence of the earth itself as a material for artmaking.Here's an example of art that begins to bridge the gap by incorporating a combination of natural and manmade materials: MyLeaf Quilt, above left, was created by hand-sewing a variety of leaves onto burlap. I arranged them in a symmetrical form, like a mandala. This was an ephemeral work of art that fell apart over time as the leaves dried up, turned brown, and crumbled from the burlap. This piece was never intended to be used as an actual quilt; rather it was an exploration in the use of unconventional natural materials to make a work of art that would change over time.Here are a few noteworthy contemporary artists who use natural, unconventional materials to make a statement about nature in art:Andy Goldsworthy is an artist who uses natural materials such as leaves and stones to create site-specific sculptures that reflect a relationship between the materials and their surroundings. His work is often time-consuming and pain-staking, but it is usually not meant to last. Once completed, his works are photographed and then left exposed to the elements of weather and time. In this way, the actual artwork is ephemeral.Damien Hirst is a British artist who explores the theme of death in his work. His most famous works involve a series of dead animals (such as a shark, a sheep and a cow) preserved in formaldehyde. One of his works, A Thousand Years, contains an entire life cycle. In this work, maggots feed on the severed head of a cow, turn into flies, and die. New maggots are born, continuing the cycle.Günther von Hagens is a German anatomist who displays human bodies that have been 'plasticised'. Although he considers himself more of a scientist and medical professional, rather than an artist, he admittedly arranges the bodies in an aesthetic way. Like Hirst, his work is somewhat controversial in terms of whether or not it is truly "art".Art can challenge viewpoints or attitudes that we didn't even know we had. The work of Hirst and von Hagens is oftentimes seen as controversial for their use of organisms that were once living. These practices raise ethical issues about what is right or wrong in terms of the treatment of deceased organisms, a debate which also hinges around purpose or intention. For instance, it is generally accepted that dissections and autopsies are beneficial for the sake of science and scientific advancement. Taxidermy is also a generally accepted practice in our society. But is it fine art? The act of displaying dead animals for aesthetic purposes, or displaying deceased human bodies for educational purposes, still evokes a wide range of responses. The topic stirs up a wider ring of emotions connected to our inner beliefs regarding life and death, right and wrong.There is no right or wrong answer - only opinions. If such artwork provokes you into examining your own views of life, mortality, and nature, then perhaps it has served a constructive purpose indeed!Making art from nature reinterprets the natural elements to prove a point, by reassigning meaning to natural objects. Art from nature is either a new art object in itself, or its essence is recorded in photographic or video form and the real thing is left to disintegrate naturally. Art from nature unites natural elements with artistic vision to create artwork that pushes the boundaries of what art is and how we perceive ourselves in the natural world.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
In a fine art context, "art medium" refers to the art materials or artist supplies used to create a work of art. Basically, it's whatever you use to make a mark upon a surface.In this website, we'll focus on 6 popular drawing and painting mediums:Click on a medium above to read an in-depth description and see examples of what you can achieve with that medium.Each medium has its own particular characteristics and each requires its own techniques for creating art. If you've never used a particular art medium before, it's often helpful to read through a description of it first, as well as look at art that was made with that medium. That will help you decide whether it's something you'd like to try.What about oil paints? I don't cover oil painting on this site because I personally don't use them. Acrylics have always been my favorite painting medium. But if you want learn all about oil painting, I recommend the online course taught by the fantastic oil painter, Delmus Phelps. When you go to buy art supplies, you'll probably notice that a lot of mediums have at least two different ranges of materials: Student Quality and Artist Quality. If you're a total beginner, you may be tempted to buy the Student Quality artist supplies, because they are cheaper. While the cost does make them more appealing, you need to be aware that the Student Quality will generally not be as good as the Artist Quality art supplies. Therefore with the Student Quality range, you may not get the full experience of what you can achieve with that art medium, which can lead to frustration and disappointment if the materials don't work out quite as well as you'd hoped. Now, I'm not saying you should spring for the most expensive set of Artist Quality art supplies... you need to go with your gut feeling and what your wallet will allow for. It's just that the different levels in quality, as well as the price, are both factors to keep in mind when choosing art supplies.tip: If you live in the US, and there is a Jo-Ann or Michaels near you, sign up for their mailing list. Every few weeks they send out coupons for 40-50% off. These coupons will save you a huge load, especially on higher-priced purchases. For instance, you could get a $120 box set of colored pencils for only $60 plus tax, using one of the 50% off coupons. Excellent!if you're a bit stuck or overwhelmed at this point, read on...If you're brand-new to art, you may not know right away which art medium you'd like to try first. That's okay! There are endless ways to make art, which means that there are endless art materials to choose from. You can always start with the basic tools: a piece of paper and a pencil. Or a ball-point pen and the back of an envelope.The main thing is that you just get started and have a lot of fun.To begin with, it doesn't matter WHAT you use, but HOW you use it. I can't emphasize this enough. For example, there is a famous Japanese artist who displayed drawings that he made with colored pencils on the back of receipts. His show sold out and got written up in fancy art magazines. And what about Andy Warhol's scribbles on napkins that now sell for tens of thousands?The point is: the tools for art-making are all around you. Anything goes. Just use what you've got!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
An art projector is a handy tool for artists of all skill levels. Photorealist painters traditionally used a projector to enlarge and transfer the image from their small photo onto a large canvas. In addition to projectors, there are also 2 other methods you can use: the grid method and transfer paper.How do you decide which of these 3 methods is easiest for you? Read through these pages to compare and contrast the different methods and processes, starting with the almighty projector. Buying a projector can be a costly experience (depending on the type you want and whether you buy it new or used), so read through this page to help figure out which type of projector is best for your needs and your budget.Digital art projectors are basically home theater projectors that have been designed with additonal features specifically for artists. They're pricey, but they're the gold standard for image transfer and enlargement because they're so versatile. They're generally brighter (so you don't need to worry about ambient light), produce a larger and sharper image, and offer image and color controls. Here's a breakdown of their most useful features:
The Artograph Flare150 LED Digital Art ProjectorIf there’s a downside to digital art projectors, it’s their price. Although value for money is so much better than in the past, Artograph’s cheapest model is still over $400. When I was a struggling artist, that was definitely beyond my means! And when factoring in cost, don't forget that you might also need a tripod to mount the projector on.If $400 is beyond your budget, see my discussion below about the more economical opaque projectors. If you'd still prefer a digital projector, check out home theater projectors that can be super expensive (over $2,000), but also very cheap (under $100). Those cheaper models might not be great for your home theater system, but they could be all you need for tracing.I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.
So, if you’re looking to buy a digital art projector, which model should you buy? My recommended brand, Artograph, has 3 LED projectors.As you’ll see below, the main differentiating factors are brightness, resolution, portability and price. They all cater to wide range of digital sources, and all feature built-in image functions, 30,000 hour LEDs, and Artograph’s lifetime technical support.
The Artograph Flare150 LED Digital Art Projector is what I’d recommend for most artists. As I write this, it’s available for around $420, making it Artograph’s cheapest model. It’s selling point is portability: it’s only 4.5 inches wide and weighs 1.1 pounds. It runs for 2.5 hours on a rechargeable battery (or via an outlet), so you can set it up anywhere. It offers 720p HD resolution, but because the brightness is only 150 lumens, it’s best suited to artworks of large portrait size and smaller. So if you’re a muralist or someone who wants to create large-scale paintings, you’re better off with a brighter model. Photorealists after sharp detail might also benefit from the models below. However, if you’re willing to project in low-light conditions, you can bend these limitations.
The Artograph Inspire1000 Digital Art Projector is their mid-tier model, priced at around $700. For an extra few hundred bucks you get a huge brightness bump (1000 lumens) and slightly higher resolution. Artograph recommends this model for just about any artwork up to mid-sized indoor murals. That extra brightness will also give much greater detail, which will please photorealists. It’s not as portable as the Flare150 (9.1 inches at its longest) and it requires a power outlet, but it still weighs only 2.55 pounds!
If you’re an outdoor muralist or just want the best specs, you need the Artograph Impression LED1400 Digital Projector. Along with an increase to 1400 lumens, you get a full HD resolution of 1080p.This means you’ll get impressive size and detail, even in outdoor conditions (although direct light can still wash out the projection). It’s not as portable as the Flare150, but it’s smaller than the Inspire1000 and still only weights 3.3 pounds. As you’d expect, this model is the priciest at around $1,100. If brightness is your main consideration, look into buying a DLP or LCD home theater projector, which can give you over 2,000 lumens.Before making a decision, I'd recommend comparing the specs on Artograph's website.
If your head is still spinning from some of those prices, let's now take a look at the more affordable opaque projectors.
If you plan to do a large scale painting, you could also look into using an opaque projector, which will enlarge your image so that you can trace the outline.Opaque projectors work by shining a bright light onto an opaque object (like a photo or a sketch) and then using a combination of mirrors or prisms and a lens to focus an enlarged reflection onto a surface. They're not digital, so instead of using an image file, you need a sketch or a photo you've printed out. This is less convenient, but might be preferable if you're enlarging your own sketches, thereby saving you the step of having to scan them. Before we delve deeper, let's get an overview of how to use an opaque projector.You will need a small paper copy of your photograph, between 5 sq inches and 7 sq inches, depending on the size of your art projector's opening. Place the image in the opening, turn on the machine and turn off the lights in the room. Make sure you have enough space to be able to pull the machine far back if you need to make a really big version. The projected image will appear on the wall, so you'll need to position your canvas securely on the wall, and arrange the projector so that the enlarged image fits correctly within the size of the canvas. This might take some fiddling to get it just right. Double-check that the canvas is perfectly straight and flat against the wall, and that the projector rests perfectly flat upon its surface - otherwise the picture will turn out slightly distorted. You can see the illustration below for an idea of how it all works.You'll need to make sure that the art projector stays in place the entire time as you are drawing the image. Keep the dogs, cats and tiny children out of the room. The slightest nudge of the projector will knock the projection out of alignment, and it may or may not be easy to realign the projection with your previous tracings. You don't want to take any chances! For the same reason, make sure you have enough time to trace the whole thing in one go.The pros to using an opaque projector is that it is an easy way to enlarge to a really big scale - anything over at least 18" x 24". If you plan to work on a scale that is 16" x 20" or smaller, I would suggest using one of the other methods of transferring the image, such as the grid method or transfer paper, which will save you some money.Opaque projectors also require a print out of a photo or a physical sketch to be projected. While this is much easier than other projectors that require slides or transparencies, it's not as convenient as digital projectors that can utilize digital image files and even video. The print out must also be small to fit on the projector (usually 7" sq or smaller), which can be a hassle if your source image is larger.The cons to using an opaque projector are (1) the expense and (2) the need for a dark room. Let's look at these 2 points further:
Opaque projectors also use light bulbs, which aren't as bright as LEDs, don't last as long, and can heat up, which is why some projectors come with internal cooling systems. But they do make for a simpler device, so if something goes wrong with the bulb, you can usually change it out yourself.
The recommended products below are there to help you browse for art projectors, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that supports this site and keeps it FREE! Thanks in advance.
There are a range of opaque projectors available. I'm not going to recommend any professional level opaque projectors because I think that if you can afford one of those, you might as well buy a digital projector, which will give you much better performance.The Artograph EZ Tracer Art Projector costs around $40 and is a cheap, entry-level projector that's best for children or beginners. It's relatively portable, but can only enlarge photos to 2.5 to 5 times their original size. But it might be perfect if your only goal is to enlarge simple sketches from your notebook so you can transfer them to a larger surface like canvas.The Artograph Tracer Projector is a step up from their EZ model, capable of enlargement to 14 times the original size. At around $100, it's a well-priced choice for beginners. It has a 100-watt bulb and the source image must be no larger than 5" x 5", but depending on your needs, this could well be all you need. The Artograph Prism Art Projector jumps up to around $250 in price, but for that you get 20 times magnification and much brighter images thanks to two 250-watt bulbs. It also has a built-in cooling system and can be used with an upgraded lens for better focus and accuracy. This is a very good option for the artist that can't justify the expense of an LED projector. Check out this YouTube video from Blick Art Materials that demonstrates how the Prism projector works.
Artograph EZ Tracer Projector
Artograph Tracer Projector
Artograph Prism Art ProjectorThe original Photorealists of the late 1960s and 70s commonly used slide projectors to enlarge their images. They would have slides made of their photographs, insert the slide into a slide projector and trace the enlarged image onto their canvas. The process is basically the same as using an opaque projector, only you will need to have a slide made of your photo.You will also need a slide projector. You can acquire either new or used slide projectors from Ebay or Amazon. The used ones often sell at a deep discount to the original price. Although I haven't used a slide projector myself for the purpose of tracing the enlarged image, I imagine that a crisp, clear slide inside a good slide projector should make a really accurate enlargement that would be easier to trace than the projection you would get from of a middle-range opaque projector.   Important Tip When Using Slide Projectors:
Home theater projectors are quite similar to digital art projectors, although they lack many of the special features designed for artists: portability, image & color controls, grids, etc. However, they’re worth considering if you can’t afford an Artograph art projector or you know you’d like to use it to watch movies.
Artograph art projectors use LEDs, but most home theater projectors use LCD or DLP systems to project the image. These bulb-based methods aren’t as efficient, long-lasting, and sharp as LEDs, but they do offer more brightness, which is useful if you work outdoors or in a brightly lit studio.
Many home theater projectors are just as expensive as Artograph's models (or more so), but you can also find very cheap models (as low as $70), which would probably be poor for watching movies, but may be just fine for enlarging and tracing artwork. They offer amazing brightness, but they probably won’t be as crisp or clear as the Artograph art projectors. I’ve never used a home theater projector for tracing myself, so I’d recommend you purchase from a retailer that offers free returns just in case it doesn’t suit your needs.
When I was a student in school, all the teachers used overhead projectors to project their lessons onto the wall, and the images were always quite crisp and clear. This makes them an excellent candidate for enlarging reference photos!To use an overhead projector, you will need a transparency of your reference photo. These days you can get printable transparencies that go through your inkjet printer, laser printer or copier, so you can quickly and easily print them off yourself (make sure the transparency you buy is compatible with your printer). The downside is that new overhead projectors do cost a few hundred smackeroos, which is cheaper than LED art projectors, but still pricey if you're on a budget or aren't sure how much you'll use it. Check out sites like eBay where you can find great deals on secondhand models, or check if your school or work has one that you can borrow. Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
The paintbrush will be your magic wand for weaving colors across the canvas. Artist paint brushes become beloved tools the more you use them! As you paint, you will become increasingly familiar with the way the brushes handle the paint and what they can accomplish for you. Pretty soon the paintbrush will become a part of you that you intuitively know how to maneuver.If you're just starting out in acrylics, it can be a bit overwhelming standing in the paintbrush aisle at the art store, with a vast sea of artist paint brushes spread out before you. The wide selection even makes me dizzy sometimes!No fear - the Art is Fun Paintbrush Guide is here! This page will tell you everything you need to know in order to select the right paintbrushes to suit your needs.Paintbrushes for acrylics come in many different shapes and sizes. The shapes and sizes of the brushes you choose to work with will depend mainly on how large you want to work, and how detailed you want to get. Take a look:There are 8 main types of artist paint brushes that are used with acrylics, shown above. Each one is specially intended for different uses. Before we get into the particular uses of each paintbrush, let's get a quick low-down of the different parts of the brush:A paintbrush is made of 4 main parts:Easy enough! So now that you know the lingo, let's find out what each brush is meant for!Round or pointed tip.Good for: sketching, outlining, detailed work, controlled washes, filling in small areas. creates thin to thick lines - thin at the tip, becoming wider the more its pressed down.. use with thinned paint rather than thick paint.  Narrower than the round paintbrush. has sharply pointed tip.Good for: fine details and lines, delicate areas, spotting and retouching. Square end, with medium to long hairs.Good for: bold strokes, washes, filling wide spaces, impasto. can use edge for fine lines, straight edges and stripes. long haired flat brushes are ideal for varnishing.Flat with edges curved inward at tip, with shortish hairs.Good for: short controlled strokes. thick, heavy color. better for working up close rather than holding the brush at a distance from the canvas.Flat and oval-shaped end with medium to long hairs.Good for: blending, soft rounded edges like flower petals. this brush is sort of a combination of the rounds (because they can be used for detail) and flat (because they can cover more space than round).Flat, spread hairs.good for: natural hairs are good for smoothing, blending, and feathering. synthetic hairs are better for textural effects, clouds, and leaves on trees. for acrylics, use strong and sturdy one, otherwise the hairs will clump when paint is added.                      Flat with angled hairs at end.Good for: curved strokes and filling corners. can reach small areas with tip. also can be used to cover lots of space, similar to flat brushes.Round, hairs shorter in length. shorter handle.Good for: details and short strokes. holds more color than you might think!I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.
If you're a beginner it can be helpful to get all your brushes at once in a set. I'm a fan of these two sets below: the Maestro Series XV and the Minute Series XII. The Maestro Series VX brushes are a great all-around set because they include a variety of brush shapes and sizes (flat, round, filbert, etc). The Minute Series XII brushes are ideal for painting small details. If you're just starting out I'd suggest getting the Maestro Series XV first, and then if you find that you want to paint more details, the Minute Series XII brushes would make a great addition to your collection of brushes. I've used both sets with acrylics, watercolors and gouache and am very happy with their performance.
Maestro Series VX BrushesMinute Series XII BrushesPage 1........ describes the different types of brushes for acrylics and what each paintbrush can do.Page 2........ answers all the questions that a beginning artist will have about paintbrushes.Page 3........ explains how to safely care for your paintbrushes and keep them happy.Page 4........ demonstrates the best way to clean, store and transport your paintbrushes. Find out what acrylic painting supplies you should get if you want to get started with acrylic paintings. If you're a total beginner to painting with acrylics, learn what paints are best for you!Here's an enlightening step-by-step visual guide about how to paint abstract art in acrylics. If you like colorful artwork and want to learn techniques for creating your own funky paintings, this guide is for you!Click here to return to the main Acrylic Table of Contents page, where you can find heaps of useful info for painting with acrylics!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Sent once a month at most, Artspeak keeps you up to date with all the latest articles & tutorials on Art is Fun. It usually contains a heaping dollop of art info such as tips, tricks and techniques for your art, artist interviews and features, art projects and other miscellaneous art news.Don't worry -- your e-mail address is 100% secure.I promise to use it only to send you Artspeak.I'm sure you will love every issue, but you can easily opt-out at any time.Enjoy!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Reader Question: Are Liquitex Heavy Body Acrylics good for a beginner or should I go for artist quality paints of some other brands like Galeria, Golden or Grumbacher?I am new to the brands and painting mediums in the US so I'm unable to decide what to buy. I have worked with oils, watercolors and some student quality acrylics earlier using brands not available in US. Couple you please suggest what to buy?I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.
The Liquitex Heavy Body Acrylics that you mention are a very good brand, so yes, I can definitely recommend them for both beginners and professionals. Liquitex is one of my favorite brands of acrylics and I use them often to create my acrylic paintings.
My other favorite brand of acrylics is Golden, which is one of the brands that you mentioned. I use Golden brand and Liquitex brand acrylic paints almost exclusively. Both brands of acrylics have excellent consistency and coverage.
Winsor & Newton also makes good, artist quality acrylic paints. I have a tube or two of the Winsor & Newton Artists' Acrylics and I've found them to be of good, reliable quality as well.
Winsor & Newton also creates a more fluid Galeria line of acrylics, as you mentioned. I haven't tried this range myself, because they are thinner and I generally prefer thicker acrylics. They are listed as professional quality paints, however, so you might consider trying them.
Grumbacher is a student quality paint, which typically contain less pigment and more binder. To be honest I once bought a tube of Grumbacher Academy Acrylic Paint in Alizarin Crimson at the university art store when I was a student and needed crimson for a class, and it doesn't compare to Liquitex or Golden. However, it gets great reviews on Blick, which probably makes it a good option for beginners on a budget.
If you want to use Artists' Quality paint, but can't afford Golden or Liquitex, I'd recommend Blick Artists' Acrylics which has some colors as cheap as $3.25 a tube.
If that's still above your budget or, as a beginner, you think you'll be fine with Students' Quality paint, you can try Liquitex Basics Acrylic Colors or the aforementioned Grumbacher Academy Acrylics, both of which get great reviews on Blick.
For a more in-depth look at the different types of acrylic paint, check out the Acrylic Paint page in my Guide to Buying Art Supplies.Return to Acrylic Painting Techniques and Tips.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Let's examine the role of color in art! This page will focus on the important role of color in abstract art. Along with form, line, texture, pattern, composition and process - color is one of the tools that artists use to create effective and meaningful abstract artwork. There are some paintings whose entire meaning is wrapped up in color!Color in art is a vast subject worthy of exploration. You've probably noticed that different colors affect your emotions, either consciously or subconsciously. A bright red painting will affect you differently than a cool blue painting, for example. Look at the two abstract artworks below and compare how each one feels to you:Study For Homage to the SquareJosef AlbersShadows IWarhol, Andy  Do you feel more energized by the image on the left? Does the painting on the right make you feel calm and sleepy?The reason these two artworks effect you differently because each color has its own vibration, similar to how each sound has its own wavelength. Many traditions and cultures, such as Chinese, Ayurvedic, Theosophist, and ancient Greek and Egyptians believe in the healing power of colors, based on the effect their vibrations have on the body and mind. Kandinsky, one of the first abstract painters, was keenly interested in color in art and developed many theories on the properties of color in art and how they are best used.On the Theme of the Last JudgementWassily KandinskyAn artwork will create very different energy depending on whether it contains all one color, a few colors, or many colors. And then the type of energy they emit will depend on what exactly those colors are. For example, a monochromatic painting that contains seven different tints and shades of off-white will look and feel entirely different than a painting that has the exact same composition, but is painted with every color of the rainbow.When looking at an abstract painting, examine how the color combinations play off one another, and in turn how they effect us as viewers. For instance, a large green painting will suddenly look different if a red dot is added in the corner. Just one little smudge of paint will change the entire meaning and composition of a piece. Another thing to look for in abstract art is whether there are equal amounts of each color, or if one color is predominant.A good example is the work of color field painter, Mark Rothko. These paintings are all based on the color red. Notice what a difference it makes in composition when he adds white and red. These differences are fairly simple, but the effect is profound.No. 3Mark RothkoRed, White, BrownMark RothkoWhite over RedMark RothkoBrown and Black in RedsMark RothkoTake a look at the two different paintings below. They were painted in the same abstract style, using the same colors. However, they are slightly different. The one on the left has more green hues, and the one on the right has more yellow hues. How do these paintings "feel" different from one another? If it helps, use your hand to cover up one of the paintings while you examine the other one. Then, switch and cover up the other painting with your hand. You'll see and feel the difference that color in art makes!One has more green and one has more yellow.Here is a similar example. The two paintings below are very similar in style, but the one on the left has more warm colors (yellow, orange, red, pink) while the one on the right has more cool colors (blue, green, purple). Again, cover up one of the paintings with your hand so that you can see them one at a time. When you do this, the color differences between them will become more apparent!One has more warm colors and the other cooler colors.Tone is another important factor when considering color in art. Tone refers to how light or dark the color is. A painting with mainly light tones will feel softer than a painting with mainly dark tones. A painting with equal amounts of light, dark and middle tones will help the eye move around the piece, depending on where and how they are placed.Here are two examples from two different abstract paintings. They are very colorful, but when they are desaturated (seen in black and white), it is much easier to see the tonal range in the paintings. You can see that the top painting has more dark tones, and the bottom painting has more light tones. Both of them have a pretty good tonal range.examining tone in abstract art:Keep these ideas about color in art in mind when you create your abstract paintings. Pay attention to the colors you use, where you place them, and in what amounts. Color is a powerfully expressive tool!Click to return to the Abstract Art Table of Contents, where you can... If you like my abstract art, check out my printable Abstract Coloring Book with 20 pages of intricate abstract line art to fill in with COLOR!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
When you look at the color pencil art of Richard Klekociuk, you can almost feel the texture of the landscape and inhale the Tasmanian air. His coloured pencil art breathes with the commanding presence of his unique style and original imagery. Stones, rivers and deserts come alive in his colored pencil drawings with a startling realness.Richard's colored pencil drawings are as richly-colored and luminous as paintings. His colored pencil artwork mainly focuses on landscapes - both real and symbolic.His strong compositions explore elements of realism, at times combining Christian iconography with Aboriginal stylistic qualities.Richard Klekociuk is an artist from Tasmania, Australia. He has been an artist for over 33 years. A dedicated coloured pencil artist, he was kind enough to grant Art is fun an insightful interview about his color pencil art and his technique.Is drawing your preferred art form and if so, why?I have always preferred drawing since I was a child. I like its directness, ease of application and the fact that it causes little mess!In the past 10 years I have taken a more serious approach and have tried to lift the profile (and value) of coloured pencil drawing in Tasmania. What do you like best about working in coloured pencils?I like the speed of working with coloured pencils and their huge colour range.Is there anything that you don't like about working in coloured pencils?There are times when detailed drawings can be quite tedious and I hate it when they break! Do you have a favourite brand of coloured pencils?Prismacolors are my preferred pencils, closely followed by Polychromos.Do you have a favourite brand of drawing paper?Canson Pastel Board is the best surface for my type of drawing. How long (on average) does it take you to complete a drawing?It depends on the size and detail. I usually like to work on 2/3 drawings over a period of a month.Can you explain how you go about creating your coloured pencil artworks, from start to finish? I don’t usually work topic-by-topic, preferring a thematic approach. I do an extensive amount of research when I get an idea, which I record in my visual diary and often mention on my daily blog. Because a lot of my work relates to the Tasmanian landscape, I “head out” and spend time photographing scenes and collecting objects, which are then used in a “still-life situation” in my backyard where they are photographed. I download my images onto my iMac and select and manipulate the most appropriate images, which I then print and display on a large noticeboard in my studio. From there I select what I want, grid up the image/s and draw them onto pastelboard.I usually end up with a series of 3 or more drawings that are related, but certainly not looking the same.  Can you explain the symbolism of the bread and sandwiches that appear in your art?There is often a strong Christian, symbolic element running through my work. In my ‘Bread’ series, I have looked at the relationship of bread to the landscape (its origin, texture, shape) and bread as the ‘staff of life’ in Christian worship. I have used humour as well as a more serious approach in some of this work.There is still a lot for me to accomplish with this theme, but I am presently taking a new direction with an enamel mug! How can you relate a mug to the landscape I hear you say! Easy, I found a mug on a farm a few months ago (check out my blog) which was rusty, scratched, half-filled with dirt and full of character that (to me) truly reflected farm life. I am presently on my third, and most challenging drawing.This has opened the door to new ideas, which I intend to explore at a later date.I love how some of your landscapes are realistically rendered and how others are symbolist landscapes. What is it about the land or landscapes that inspires you to create these works?I suppose for me, living on such a truly beautiful island that is under threat from exploitation and development, our diverse landscape offers so much subject material for me to express my love for God’s creation and my personal reaction to what is going on.I often use landscape objects as symbols. Trees (particularly dead ones) often appear in my work as do tree stumps. Patterns from rocks hold much fascination for me, and feature strongly in my abstract work. Water, particularly moving, is also a favourite of mine.Do you have any tips or advice for people who want to learn more about working in coloured pencil?It is really important to experiment with as many brands of pencils and as many surfaces as you can. Find what suits your personal style and subject matter. Not all coloured pencils are the same! If possible, join a coloured pencil art class, read books, jump on the Internet and watch demonstrations. Visit artists’ websites and blogs.A giant Thank You to Richard for such an insightful interview about his color pencil art! Be sure to check out his website, www.artkleko.com where you can learn more about Richard and see more examples of his stunning color pencil art. He also has an informative blog where he discusses his working process, including some interesting thoughts about making abstract art with colored pencils. You can also purchase prints and tshirts with Richard's beautiful art at his Redbubble shop.Click here to learn how to create your own color pencil art!    Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Colored pencil art is rapidly experiencing a whole new level of appreciation in the art world. I'm here to show you how fresh and innovative color pencil art can be!Just take a look at some of my colored pencil drawings along the right side of this page to get an idea of the amazing versatility of this fun art medium!
While colored pencils were once considered to be primarily for kids, throughout the years they have been steadily gaining respect amongst artists, galleries, and collectors. Artists are exploring the creative potential of this art-making medium, while art collectors and enthusiasts are marvelling at their output!
Chances are, you probably used colored pencils when you were a kid, so you already have some degree of familiarity with them. But there is a big difference between artist grade colored pencils and the colored pencils usually used by children. Professional artist-quality colored pencils contain a higher degree of wax and pigment than the colored pencils used by children. These pencils allow for a really rich, deep and luminescent color. Finished drawings can be so smooth and pigmented that they resemble paintings!
Artist-quality colored pencils are light-resistant or lightfast. They can be sharpened to a fine point to allow for exquisite detail. My favorite brand of colored pencils, which I used to create the drawings you see on this page, are Prismacolor Colored Pencils (this links to Blick Art Materials, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that helps support this site). Prismacolors come in a range of 132 colors... more than enough to draw just about anything! But this is where it gets even better - the colors can be easily blended together in endless combinations to create even more shades, tints and hues. You can basically draw anything with colored pencils that you would be able to depict with paint. Colored pencil art can easily rival paintings in luminosity and depth of color!As you can see from my colored pencil art that lines the left and right columns of this page, colored pencils can be used to create artwork in a variety of styles, such as photorealism, abstraction, whimsical, and composite (combination of styles).
Colored pencils have many advantages. For one thing, they are extremely lightweight and portable. They don't require any intensive set-up - you can just take them wherever you go, open your sketchbook or drawing pad, et voila! An artmaking session with colored pencils is just as quick and easy to clean up as it is to set up. This makes colored pencils very non-messy compared to other art mediums.These colored pencil bird drawings depict a variety of birds in colorful scenarios, with the aim to expand our usual view of the creatures we meet in nature.Learn how to draw a photorealistic marble using colored pencils in this step-by-step drawing lesson.Discover how to sharpen a colored pencil to a nice, fine point! Learn how to prevent your Prismacolor colored pencils from breaking.Need colored pencil instruction? Find out 5 important colored pencil techniques that form the basis for everything you will ever do with colored pencils!               Get inspired by the realistic drawings of Karen Hull featuring whimsical animals and stunning people portraits! See a gallery of her work and read an interview with the artist.Check out the detailed drawings of Doreen Cross. She works in graphite and colored pencil to create realistic drawings of animals, people and architecture.Richard Klekociuk's beautiful colored pencil art depicts stunning Tasmanian landscapes. Come see his colored pencil drawings that often blend realism with Christian symbolism and abstract imagery!Painting Light with Colored Pencil shows you how to use colored pencils to create beautifully realistic still lifes. Learn more about this 128-page book by Cecile Baird in this review!Want to learn more about colored pencils? Pick up some handy colored pencil tips and learn some new colored pencil techniques in this handy FAQ about using colored pencils.These recommended products are here to help you shop for art supplies, and when you make a purchase we receive a small commission that supports this site. Thanks in advance!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
This colored pencil instruction will teach you some basic colored pencil techniques that will have you creating fabulous colored pencil art in no time!These basic colored pencil techniques form the foundation for any type of colored pencil art that you would like to create.These colored pencil techniques cover the 5 main ways that you make marks with colored pencils: stippling, hatching, cross-hatching, back and forth stroke, and scumbling. You can see examples of these 5 techniques on the left!Once you master these colored pencil techniques, you can use these colored pencil techniques to layer colors over top of one another to create a rich, luminous depth.For this colored pencil instruction, I used Prismacolor Colored Pencils (this links to Blick Art Materials, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that helps support this site). These are my favorite brand of colored pencils because they are waxy and full of pigment. This allows them to create color that is so rich and luscious that your drawings actually resemble paintings! All of the drawings that you see on the right and left hand side of this page were created using Prismacolors.Although I prefer Prismas, you can use any brand of colored pencil when following this colored pencil instruction. The techniques are totally the same!stippling - Stippling involves placing lots of tiny dots on your paper. The dots can be close together, far apart, or anywhere in between! Practice stippling by drawing dots that are close together and also by drawing dots that have more distance between them. Also, notice the difference between dots made when the pencil is sharp vs. when the pencil point is dull. Stippling is a great way to add some interesting texture to a drawing.hatching - Hatching involves drawing a series of parallel lines. These lines all go in the same direction. The lines can be close together, far apart, or any variation in between. The pencil is lifted from the paper after each line and then placed down again to create a new line.cross-hatching - Cross-hatching involves drawing a series of parallel lines (hatching) and then drawing another series of parallel lines going in another direction on top of the first set of lines. This is a great way to create shading in a drawing. You can create some interesting textures through cross-hatching.back and forth stroke - The back and forth stroke is probably the most common of all the colored pencil techniques. This is probably how you drew with crayons as a kid! Basically, you just put your pencil on the paper and draw in a continuous back and forth motion, without lifting your pencil off of the paper. This is a good way to fill different areas of your drawing with a lot of solid color.scumbling - Scumbling is another technique you probably used as a kid without even knowing that it had a name! Scumbling involves making continuous circular marks on your paper, without lifting your pencil. This is another good way to fill in different areas with lots of color.These 5 colored pencil drawing techniques form the basis for any colored pencil work that you will do. You can use each of these techniques alone or in various combinations to create some really interesting effects!                                   These colored pencil art bird drawings depict a variety of birds in colorful scenarios, with the aim to expand our usual view of the creatures we meet in nature.Discover how to sharpen a colored pencil to a nice, fine point! Learn how to prevent your Prismacolor colored pencils from breaking.Richard Klekociuk's beautiful colored pencil art depicts stunning Tasmanian landscapes. Come see his colored pencil drawings that often blend realism with Christian symbolism and abstract imagery!
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
Colored Pencil Painting Bible
The Ultimate Guide to Colored Pencil
Drawing Birds with Colored PencilsSign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
If you like colorful abstract art, then you will love the vibrant paintings of Reggie Laurent. His canvases are filled from corner to corner with bright color and detailed designs that seem to move and dance right in front of your eyes. Reggie's multicolor paintings are big and small, round and square, triangular and trapezoidal. Everything Reggie touches seems to glow with color - even everyday objects. His artwork isn't limited to just paint on canvas - he also paints everything from wooden bowls to rolling pins. When it comes to what Reggie will paint next, the possibilities seem endless.Reggie was kind enough to grant Art is Fun this detailed, in-depth interview about his colorful abstract art and his approach to the artistic process. You can even see photos of his painting process, allowing you an inside look into how he creates his kaleidoscopic masterpieces.Where are you from?I am from Chicago. I currently live in Fairburn, GA which is 20 miles from downtown Atlanta.How long have you been an artist?I have been painting since 1986. I was a late bloomer.Do you have a favorite brand of acrylics?My favorite brand of acrylics is Liquitex. I use glossies and soft bodies mostly which come in 2oz jars. I also use Liquitex tube paints, mediums and varnish.Why do you like working in acrylics?Acrylic paints are my favorite medium for the versatility, lack of odor, ease of cleaning and drying times. I am also proficient with pen and ink, charcoals, and pastels. I am formally trained in cabinet making, so I also have some art furniture. I have created pedestals and cocktail tables and other mixed media works.Do you prefer to work on a large or small canvas?I am really at home on a large canvas. I think of it as a big playground that I can run around on all day and never get tired. A large canvas enables me to put down a lot of information which is what ultimately draws the viewer into my colorful  world. Small works are more challenging, and I am doing a lot more, so I can have affordable works for new collectors.Can you describe the process of making your colorful abstract art from start to finish?My process has evolved over the years. My signature style is fully established and uniquely mine. I always start with a black canvas, and I block in my main shapes in white gesso. I leave enough of the black exposed to show through. I then fill in the larger shapes with different colors, and then on to the most tedious part…the detail. It’s the fine detail in my works that takes the most time, and the detail work is the key to making my works interesting. I can interject all kinds of colors and shapes within shapes. Once I have done all of the detail work, I “sew” my paintings together with my white ‘thread”. This last step ties all the shapes together and forms a unified entity. The shapes I paint are random and flow off my brush effortlessly as if they are a language I can write proficiently, but don’t totally understand. I don’t “plan" my paintings. I allow them to evolve and speak to me as I go along.A larger canvas requires a lot of time, so a painting becomes a part of me for the duration of the creation. I listen to jazz, listen to sports and sometimes I paint in silence. Every mood I experience appears on the canvas via a stroke, color or shape that was influenced by the environment in which I create. A large painting becomes a friend that I hate to see go after hanging out with it for so long, but after I am done they no longer belong to me. I also like to paint on small canvases and boards. Many people don’t understand that it is a lot more difficult to create a small work of art than a large piece. It’s easy to get someone’s attention with a large painting that screams “Hey! Look at me!”. The ability to put enough interesting visual information on a 4x6 or 8x10 canvas is a challenge because there is a lot less surface. Small works require more thought in regards to balance and the amount of detail it takes to make them interesting. Thaneeya has it down to a fine science, and most people don’t realize the talent it takes to do that. (Thanks, Reggie! --Thaneeya)What inspires you to create such colorful abstract art?I am still searching for the primary source of my inspiration as many things have influenced my work. It took a few years for me to find abstract art because starting out all I did was landscapes, so initially nature inspired me to paint. I was always a compulsive “doodler" and many of my works mock doodles I used to do even back in grammar school. I never tied the two together until a few years ago when I found an old notebook from college, and all I had in the margins were random shapes, cross hatches and various abstract-like scribbles. I was unaware that these early creations had made their way on to my canvas, and I smiled when I made the connection. I have no formal training at all, so what comes off my brush is pure because I do not have the voice of a teacher in my ear telling me what to do or the theory that goes along with formal training. I paint by intuition and by listening to the painting. I also think that my childhood in Chicago and New Orleans had a major influence on my works. The Chicago skyline and Mardi Gras back in the day in New Orleans are something I will never forget. Some people think my works look like an overhead shot of a busy city. I am sure the colors are derived from the floats, beads and kaleidoscope of colors Mardi Gras offers. I guess without knowing it growing up, I had the eye of an artist, and I archived those visions which are now revealed in my works. I can appreciate the fact that as I continue down this never ending path I am constantly discovering new things that help me interpret the source of all the creativity and talent God has blessed me with. Once the gift was revealed, I knew I was obligated to nurture it and share the fruits of my labor with the world. Michael Jordan has one of my large, very significant abstracts in his collection, and that makes me happy.If you could meet any one artist, living or deceased, and spend an afternoon talking to them about art, who would you like to meet? What would you ask them?If I could spend an afternoon talking about art with anyone it would probably be Romare Bearden or William H. Johnson.Bearden’s collage works are some of the most amazing works I have witnessed in person. His “quilt like’ style is unmistakable and his ability to make everything “marry” is truly a gift. I would probably ask him if his creative process is similar to mine in regards to allowing the work to take on a life of their own or if his works are meticulously planned. I like the simplicity in William H. Johnson’s works most notably “Café” and “Young Man in Vest”. Johnson’s works are wonderfully minimalist in some respects, but his ability to balance colors and unique subject matter make his work impossible to ignore. I would probably ask Mr. Johnson about the materials he used back then and how he acquired them. Some of these artists made their own pigments because they could not afford to buy what they needed. These artists were also from the Harlem Renaissance period, and they had to go through painstaking efforts to create their work and have it accepted by the masses. These are the artists I wholly respect as they planted the seed for me to have a career in art, and their works have inspired me. I also like Hundertwasser, Miro, Picasso and Thornton Dial among others.Do you have any tips for aspiring artists who would like to create abstract art?My best advice for budding artists is to begin with no boundaries. I had no idea that what initially started as a hobby would blossom into something that has taken on a life of its own, forged an awesome career and afforded me many opportunities to share my creations with the world. It took me years to discover and embrace my “root” art style. I actually used to avoid it because it was so laborious and took me forever to complete. I later found that this style was me; it is what is in me. I don’t even have to think when I paint. I just let it happen. I totally avoided going to galleries or looking at art in books when I started painting because I did not want to be influenced by any art style or artist. That was just what I wanted to do. Always be true to yourself, and only accept constructive criticism. At the end of the day do what makes you happy. Subscribing to this philosophy guarantees success. It’s fine to replicate, sample and try anything you want. Eventually your signature style will be revealed, so be patient and try as many styles and mediums as you can. Also realize that in abstract there is no right or wrong. Express yourself. Do what makes you happy. And most of all…have fun!!! Many thanks to Reggie Laurent for sharing his thoughts and his colorful abstract art with us in this revealing interview!Reggie's colorful abstract art can be found on Yessy.He can be contacted via email at laurentoriginals@aol.com or via phone at 678-592-6708.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
This Abstract Coloring Pages e-book features 20 pages of incredibly detailed abstract art for you to print and color!If you're interested in a hard-copy book, check out Thaneeya's Published Coloring Books.This book of Abstract Coloring Pages is available as an instant download for $8. That's only 40 cents per page - and you can print them as many times as you like! Plus no shipping fees, no waiting time - we're talkin' instant gratification*! You'll receive the e-book in PDF format and you can print the pages over and over again. This is a great opportunity to experiment with different color schemes and media, because you don't have to worry about coloring the page "just right" on your first try.If you love groovy detailed designs, then this Abstract Coloring Book is for you! Each image is so intricate that you can spend hours and hours coloring in a single page.The abstract art in this printable coloring book was carefully hand-drawn by me, Thaneeya McArdle, for your coloring enjoyment. I hope you have as much fun coloring these pages as I did drawing them!To color the design above, I used Sakura Glaze Gel Pens and Sakura Souffle Pens. The glaze pens create a cool shine, which comes through in the photo!Scroll down for more ideas on various media you can try, plus different papers that you can print the pages onto.On this page you'll also find further examples of the abstract art in this book, which is free-flowing, elaborate, and oozing with psychedelic grooviness!The beauty of abstract art is that it allows for free association. Let your mind wander as you color in these pages... and immerse yourself in the creative act of bringing these pages to life with COLOR!An idea sheet that lists different media you can use to color these abstract art designs, as well as different surfaces you can print them onto20 abstract designs sized to print on standard 8.5" x 11" paper (they can also fit on A4 paper)A page of coloring examples in 3 different mediaThe fun thing about coloring as an adult is that you can use a whole range of media that might not have been available to you as a kid, such as:Plus, you can print these Abstract Coloring Pages on any type of paper that is suitable to your printer. Aside from regular printer paper, you can also print on:You can find many of these special printer papers available for purchase here.Also check your local office supply store for a range of cool papers to try!The abstract art in these coloring pages is quite intricate with a lot of detail, so they are ideal for adults, teens and older kids who enjoy coloring in complicated designs.These Abstract Coloring Pages are available as an instant download after your secure payment is made via your credit card. This means you can order these coloring pages from wherever you are in the world!Once your payment goes through, a special download link will be sent automatically to the email address you provided, so please double-check to make sure you've typed the right address. Click on the link in the email, and you'll be taken to the download page.Be sure to save the coloring pages somewhere on your computer where you'll remember. It's also a good idea to back up the file on another computer or an external hard drive, just in case!Please note that you will not receive any physical paper print-outs. What you will receive is a handy digital PDF file that contains all the pages of this Abstract Coloring Book, so you can print each page as needed on your home printer.You will need Adobe Reader to view these files, which you can download for free here if you don't already have it.The file size for these Abstract Coloring Pages is 15.6mb, because the images are high-quality for printing, so if you have a slow Internet connection, be aware that it may take several minutes to download this ebook. For the best quality, print at "Photo Setting".This book and the images inside it are copyright protected. My art is my livelihood, and I offer this e-book for your personal, non-commercial use only. You are not permitted to share the file with others or to sell or distribute these images in any way (this includes any craft items made from these images).While this coloring book is meant for individual use only, teachers are permitted to hand out 1-2 pages per student, as long as the copyright info is left intact at the bottom of each page, but it is forbidden to pass out the entire book to each student.If you have any questions about how these images can or can't be used, please feel free to contact me. Your purchase of these coloring pages constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use. Thank you!Here are some colored examples of the black and white line drawings you'll find in this printable book of Abstract Coloring Pages:Want to try before you buy? I'm offering a free abstract coloring page as a sample, so you can get a closer look at the intricate details in my line art. The free sample is a low-resolution version optimized for the web, whereas the images in the coloring book are high-resolution for superior print quality.I've been creating abstract art for over 10 years. When I make abstract art, it becomes a meditative process; I don't have to worry about the artwork looking like anything "real". I just let the pen, pencil or paint flow from my fingertips, as I get carried away in all the detailed designs that emerge intuitively on the paper or canvas.One of my favorite aspects of making art is getting lost in that creative flow. I hope to share that feeling with you by offering my abstract art as line drawings that you can color any way you wish!My abstract art is heavily inspired by tribal folk art from around the world, such as Rajasthani embroidery from India, Huichol art of Mexico, Peruvian retablos and more. My modern art influences include Wassily Kandinsky, Paul Klee and Friedensreich Hundertwasser.You can see examples of my abstract art on my website, www.thaneeya.com. My abstract art is available for purchase on a range of products, such as iPhone cases, messenger bags, pillows and more, which you can see in my shop.If you are interested in learning more about abstract art and making your own, visit the Abstract Art section of Art-is-Fun.com, where you'll find heaps of info and tutorials about making abstract art!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
These Abstract Patterns Coloring Pages feature 20 intricate abstract patterns for you to print and color!If you're interested in a hard-copy book, check out Thaneeya's Published Coloring Books.This e-book of Abstract Patterns Coloring Pages is available as an instant download for $8. That's only 40 cents per page - and you can print them as many times as you like! Plus no shipping fees, no waiting time - we're talkin' instant gratification!If you love groovy patterns with lots of details, then this e-book of Abstract Patterns is for you! Each image is so intricate that you can spend hours and hours immersed in coloring a single page.This is a printable coloring book, which means you receive the e-book in PDF format and you can print the pages over and over again (for personal, non-commercial use only). Another handy thing about this e-book is that you can download it as soon as your payment is processed, which is usually mere seconds after you place your order! You'll be coloring in no time.The abstract patterns in this printable coloring book were created by me, Thaneeya McArdle, for your coloring enjoyment. I love abstract art, especially art bursting with details, so this e-book was a pleasure to create. I hope you have as much fun coloring these pages as I did creating them!To color the abstract pattern above, I used Copic Sketch markers, which I like because they are vibrant and double-sided (one end has a brush tip and the other end has a chisel tip).There are so many cool tools you can use to color these Abstract Patterns Coloring Pages. I personally like to use colored pencils, gel pens and markers. Depending on the type of paper you use, you can also color these abstract patterns using paint (such as watercolors, acrylics, tempera, etc), glitter pens, or watercolor pencils. You can even combine media, and use a bunch of different media on one page!Another fun thing about printable coloring pages (as opposed to printed coloring books) is that you can print these pages onto a variety of surfaces. Most coloring books that are sold in stores contain cheap paper will yellow over time. With a printable coloring book, you can choose the quality of the surface you print onto - whether you want to print on normal printer paper, stiff cardstock, or an archival-quality paper, such as fine art watercolor paper that is used to create high-end prints. You can even print onto fabric (such as cotton or silk) or print onto magnet paper or sticker paper. You can find many of these special printer papers available for purchase here.Also check your local office supply store to see what kinds of cool papers they might have for your printer!The abstract patterns in these coloring pages is very intricate, so they are ideal for adults and teens.These Abstract Patterns Coloring Pages are available as an instant download after your secure payment is made via your credit card. This means you can order these coloring pages from wherever you are in the world, and there are no shipping fees!Once your payment goes through, a special download link will be sent automatically to the email address you provided, so please double-check to make sure you've typed the right address. Click on the link in the email, and you'll be taken to the download page.Be sure to save the Abstract Patterns Coloring Pages somewhere on your computer where you'll remember. It's also a good idea to back up the file on another computer or an external hard drive, just in case! The download link will expire 120 hours after you've made your purchase, or after 5 download attempts, whichever happens first. If for any reason you were unable to download the coloring pages before the link expired, just send me a message and I'll be happy to send you the file via email. In general though, do make a point to save the file onto your computer in a place that you will remember, so that you'll always have them handy when you want to print and color!Please note that you will not receive any physical paper print-outs or book in the mail. What you will receive is a handy digital PDF file that contains all the pages of this Abstract Patterns Coloring Book, so you can print each page as needed on your home printer.You will need Adobe Reader to view these files, which you can download for free here if you don't already have it.The file size for the Abstract Patterns Coloring Pages is 22.2mb, because the images are high-quality for printing, so if you have a slow Internet connection, be aware that it may take several minutes to download this ebook. If you try to open the file before it has finished downloading, or if there is a disruption during the download process, then the file might not work properly. If that happens please download the file again or email me to request that I send the file via email.For the best printing quality, select "Photo Setting" on your printer.This book and the images inside it are copyright protected. My art is my livelihood, and I offer this e-book for your personal, non-commercial use only. You are not permitted to share the file with others or to sell or distribute these images in any way (this includes any craft items made from these images).While this coloring book is meant for individual use only, teachers are permitted to hand out 1-2 pages per student, as long as the copyright info is left intact at the bottom of each page, but it is forbidden to pass out the entire book to each student.If you have any questions about how these images can or can't be used, please feel free to contact me. Your purchase of these coloring pages constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use. Thank you!Want to try before you buy? I've uploaded a free low-res sample page so you can get an idea of the detail in these abstract patterns! Click here for the free abstract pattern coloring page sample. The sample isn't high-res so it might not print as crisply as the pages in the actual coloring book (which are high-res), but I think it'll give you a good idea of the types of images in the e-book!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
These printable bird coloring pages feature 16 pages of hand-drawn bird designs filled with detailed folk art patterns!If you're interested in a hard-copy book, check out Thaneeya's Published Coloring Books.This book of Folk Art Bird Coloring Pages is available as an instant download for $8. That's only 40 cents per coloring page - and you can print them as many times as you want! Plus, with no shipping fees or wait time, you'll receive these coloring pages just moments after you pay - instant gratification!Each bird is surrounded by funky unique flowers and a whimsical abstract border. Plus, there are 4 pages of blank bird outlines that you can color in with your own designs. Let your creative energy flow!These coloring pages are so detailed, they will keep you busy for hours. These complex designs are perfect for engaging busy minds, both young and old. The details are probably too small for really young kids, but they are ideal for teens and adults. Coloring books aren't just for kids anymore!Coloring with Staedtler Triplus Fineline MarkersPlus, you can print each page as many times as you want. This book of coloring pages is delivered to you digitally as a PDF file that you can save and print over and over. No more worrying about coloring a page "just right" when you can start over any time you need to!Printable coloring pages are the perfect springboard for experimentation. You can color these Folk Art Bird Coloring Pages with so many different media, such as:...and anything else you can think of! You could even print these bird designs onto fabric and stitch the color with embroidery floss. Cool!As you can see above, this set of Folk Art Bird Coloring Pages includes 8 pages of detailed birds facing left and 8 pages of detailed birds facing right, which makes it easy to hang your colored pages as pairs or groupings.They can be hung facing each other, or looking in opposite directions. You can also mix and match, with different types of birds looking in different directions.The illustration above shows how it might look to hang 2 similar bird pages next to each other, with each bird facing opposite directions.The illustration above shows how it mught look to hang 4 bird pages together as a group. There are tons of possibilities!Another coloring idea is to print the page at a light opacity (check and see if your printer has this option). Printing the page at a light opacity allows you to add color over the lines, like in the example below:The bird coloring page above was brought to life with Prismacolor colored pencils.After coloring these detailed bird coloring pages, you'll be itching to come up with your own fun patterns and designs! Four blank outlines are included to help you get started.In addition to designing patterns on the bird, don't forget to design the background and border, too! You can fill the background with flowers or anything else you want. Use these pages as a springboard to spark your creativity as you come up with your own unique patterns and designs!These Folk Art Bird Coloring Pages are available as an instant download after your secure payment is made via your credit card. This means you can order these coloring pages from wherever you are in the world!Once your payment goes through, a special download link will be sent automatically to the email address you provided. Click on the link in the email, and you'll be taken to the download page.Be sure to save the coloring pages somewhere on your computer where you'll remember. It's also a good idea to back up the file on another computer or an external hard drive, just in case!Please note that you will not receive any physical paper print-outs. What you will receive is a nifty digital PDF file that contains all the pages of this Folk Art Birds Coloring Book, so you can print each page as needed on your home printer.You will need Adobe Reader to view these files, which you can download for free here if you don't already have it.The file size for these Folk Art Birds Coloring Pages is 11.5mb, because the images are high-quality for printing, so if you have a slow Internet connection, be aware that it may take several minutes to download this ebook. For the best quality, print at "Photo Setting".This book and the images inside it are copyright protected. My art is my livelihood, and I offer this e-book for your personal, non-commercial use only. You are not permitted to share the file with others or to sell or distribute these images in any way (this includes any craft items made from these images).While this coloring book is meant for individual use only, teachers are permitted to hand out 1-2 pages per student, as long as the copyright info is left intact at the bottom of each page, but it is forbidden to pass out the entire book to each student.If you have any questions about how these images can or can't be used, please feel free to contact me. Your purchase of these coloring pages constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use. Thank you!Thaneeya McArdleI've always been addicted to detail, which is why these bird coloring pages are so full of intricate patterns! You can see some of my detailed abstract art on my website.I drew my first folk art bird in 2006, and six years later, I still enjoy drawing them! I like how each bird offers the possibility of new patterns and colors.They're fun and whimsical to create, and I hope you enjoy coloring them too!If you purchase these coloring pages, I'd love to see what you what you create. Join my Coloring Group on Facebook and share your colored artworks!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
These Groovy Animals Coloring Pages feature 20 images of incredibly detailed, super groovy animals for you to print and color!If you're interested in a hard-copy book, check out Thaneeya's Published Coloring Books.This e-book of Groovy Animals Coloring Pages is available as an instant download for $8. That's only 40 cents per page - and you can print them as many times as you like! Plus no shipping fees, no waiting time - we're talkin' instant gratification!Each animal is filled with fun patterns and intricate designs - making them totally groovy! If you love animals and you love to color, then this e-book of Groovy Animals is for you! The artwork is so detailed that you could spend hours coloring in a single page.This is a printable coloring book, which means you receive the e-book in PDF format. The great thing about printable coloring books is that you can print the pages over and over again (for personal, non-commercial use only). It's a great opportunity to experiment with different coloring techniques, try out various media, and play around with color schemes. No need to worry about coloring the page "just right" on your first try... you can just print the page again if you want to start over!The groovy animals in this printable coloring book were carefully hand-drawn by me, Thaneeya McArdle, for your coloring enjoyment. It was so much fun to create these animals, and I hope you have as much fun coloring these pages as I did drawing them!On this page I'll show you examples of the groovy animal art in this book, plus I'll share with you some ideas on various media you can use to color in these whimsical creatures!An idea sheet that lists different media you can use to color these groovy animals, as well as different surfaces you can print them onto20 groovy animals sized to print on standard 8.5" x 11" paper (they can also fit on A4 paper)A page of coloring examples in 3 different mediaThese coloring pages are perfect for experimenting with new media. There are so many materials you can use to color in these groovy animals! For example:Plus, there's a whole range of cool printer papers available. Aside from regular printer paper, you can also print on:You can find many of these special printer papers available for purchase here.Also check your local office supply store for a range of cool papers to try!The groovy animals in these coloring pages are quite intricate with a lot of detail, so they are ideal for adults, teens and older kids who enjoy coloring in complicated designs.These Groovy Animals Coloring Pages are available as an instant download after your payment is made via your credit card. This means you can order these coloring pages from wherever you are in the world!Once your payment goes through, a special download link will be sent automatically to the email address you provided, so please double-check to make sure you've typed the right address. Click on the link in the email, and you'll be taken to the download page.Be sure to save the coloring pages somewhere on your computer where you'll remember. It's also a good idea to back up the file on another computer or an external hard drive, just in case! (However if you ever lose track of your file, just email me and I can email it to you.)Please note that you will not receive a printed paper book or any physical paper print-outs. What you will receive is a handy digital PDF file that contains all the pages of this Groovy Animals Coloring Book, so you can print each page as needed on your home printer.You will need Adobe Reader to view these files, which you can download for free here if you don't already have it.The file size for these Groovy Animals Coloring Pages is 13.7mb, because the images are high-quality for printing, so if you have a slow Internet connection, be aware that it may take several minutes to download this ebook. For the best quality, print at "Photo Setting".This book and the images inside it are copyright protected. My art is my livelihood, and I offer this e-book for your personal, non-commercial use only. You are not permitted to share the file with others or to sell or distribute these images in any way (this includes any craft items made from these images).While this coloring book is meant for individual use only, teachers are permitted to hand out 1-2 pages per student, as long as the copyright info is left intact at the bottom of each page, but it is forbidden to pass out the entire book to each student.If you have any questions about how these images can or can't be used, please feel free to contact me. Your purchase of these coloring pages constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use. Thank you!I love animals! Creating these coloring pages offered me an enriching opportunity to look closely at each type of animal I depicted, to study each creature's unique features and proportions. There are so many animals to choose from that it was tough to pick just 20. I had so much fun drawing this coloring book that I plan to draw many more animals in the future!When drawing some of the animals in this printable coloring book, I took more creative liberties than with others, which was part of the fun! These drawings are not meant to be exact representations of what the animals actually look like. Instead they are a whimsical interpretation, filled with details from my imagination!Drawing these coloring pages was a great way to combine my funky abstract style with real life subjects. The result is totally groovy!One of my favorite aspects of making art is getting lost in that creative flow. I hope to share that feeling with you by offering my groovy animal art as line drawings that you can color any way you wish!You can see examples of my art on my website, www.thaneeya.com.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
This e-book of Mandala Coloring Pages features 23 hand-drawn mandala designs for you to bring to life with color.If you're interested in a hard-copy book, check out Thaneeya's Published Coloring Books.This book of Mandala Coloring Pages are available as an instant download for $8. That's only 35 cents per mandala - and you can print them as many times as you like! Plus no shipping fees, no waiting time - we're talkin' instant gratification!Remember all those hours you spent coloring as a kid? You can relive those relaxing moments as an adult with this Mandala Coloring Book. Allow your inner child to get lost in these detailed designs as you play with color and free your creative spirit.This Mandala Coloring Book is essentially a bundle of potential... The only element that's needed to make them complete is YOU! I'm excited to offer you these downloadable mandala coloring pages. Each mandala design was carefully designed and meticulously hand-drawn with love and attention, lending them a sense of warmth and charm that is rarely found in computer-generated mandalas.As you color in the various shapes, you bring your own personality, experiences, and hopes to these designs. Many describe this as a "healing process" that encourages introspection and helps you tap into your create potential.Here's a visual overview of what you'll get:(click on the image below to view it larger)Mandalas are abstract designs that start with a central point and emanate outwards, in a series of detailed shapes and patterns.  Many cultures around the world use mandalas in their spiritual practice.When you focus on the act of coloring, you naturally fall into a meditative mindset, bringing you closer to the core of your being.  Coloring mandalas is a great way to de-stress from the daily grind, by immersing yourself in a relaxing color therapy that puts you in a state of creative flow.Even if you only have 15 – 30 minutes per day to spend coloring, you'll notice the calming effect that it has on your mind, body and emotions.  Coloring mandalas encourages a contemplative approach to life.Plus, if you want to learn to draw and paint, coloring pages are a good place to start.  The readymade outlines allow you to focus on:This book contains 23 hand-drawn mandala designs for your coloring pleasure.  You can print these mandalas as many times as you want, so you don't need to worry about coloring them in "perfectly" on your first try.  Feel free to experiment with different color schemes and different media. Hey, you could even place the printed fabric inside an embroidery hoop and stitch the colors in!  Now there's an idea!Paper is the obvious choice, but click here to see different types of printing surfaces, which you may not know about, that can be used to print these coloring pages.For even more customized fun, try printing these mandalas at different sizes, or changing the opacity so that you can trace over the outlines with different colors.The possibilities are endless!These mandala designs are quite intricate with a lot of detail, so they are ideal for adults, teens and older kids rather than free-stylin' young children.These Mandala Coloring Pages are available as an instant download as soon as your payment is received via your Paypal balance or credit card.If you pay via e-check, Paypal will need to withdraw the money from your account and transfer it to my Paypal account, which can take several days to clear.Once your payment goes through, a special download link will be sent automatically to the email address you provided. Click on the link in the email, and you'll be taken to the download page.Be sure to save the coloring pages somewhere on your computer where you'll remember. It's also a good idea to back up the file on another computer or an external hard drive, just in case!Please note that you will not receive any physical paper print-outs. What you will receive is a nifty digital PDF file that contains all the pages of this Mandala Coloring Book, so you can print each page as needed on your home printer. You will need Adobe Reader to view these files, which you can download for free here if you don't already have it. The file size for these Mandala Coloring Pages is 12.5mb, because the images are high-quality for printing, so if you have a slow Internet connection, be aware that it may take several minutes to download this ebook. For the best quality, print at "Photo Setting".Wanna try before you buy? Download two free mandala designs to print and color. If you enjoy the process, come back and purchase the book!This book and the images inside it are copyright protected. My art is my livelihood, and I offer this e-book for your personal, non-commercial use only. You are not permitted to share the file with others or to sell or distribute these images in any way (this includes any craft items made from these images).While this coloring book is meant for individual use only, teachers are permitted to hand out 1-2 pages per student, as long as the copyright info is left intact at the bottom of each page, but it is forbidden to pass out the entire book to each student.If you have any questions about how these images can or can't be used, please feel free to contact me. Your purchase of these coloring pages constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use. Thank you!These Mandala Coloring Pages were all created and hand-drawn by me, Thaneeya McArdle.  My artwork hangs in hundreds of private collections all over the world, and now here is your chance to collaborate with me! I hope these Mandala Coloring Pages inspire and excite you, and that coloring them helps lift you into higher spheres of being as you explore the nature of your own existence through the inspirational medium of art.  I know, that sounds pretty cosmic!  To put it more simply: I hope you enjoy coloring these mandalas as much as I enjoyed making them. :) Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
This Sugar Skull Coloring E-Book contains 21 pages of Day of the Dead skulls for you to color and print as many times as you want!If you're interested in a hard-copy book, check out Thaneeya's Published Coloring Books.If you love the imagery of Mexico's most famous holiday, Day of the Dead, then these detailed sugar skulls will keep you busy for hours.In total, there are actually 35 detailed sugar skulls and 14 blank skull outlines in this e-book, because some pages have more than 1 skull per page!The blank skulls offer a great way to express your creativity, giving you the chance to personalize your own Dia de los Muertos skulls with colors, patterns, and imagery that are meaningful to you.There are so many different ways to color these sugar skulls:...and since this is a printable coloring e-book, it means you can print and color these skulls as many times as you want! These Sugar Skull Coloring Pages are only available in e-book format, which means that after purchase you will receive an email with a download link so you can access these sugar skull pages ASAP and get coloring right away! You won't receive a hard copy in the mail - instead you print these pages on your own printer. For more info about printable coloring pages and why they're so awesome, click here.This e-book of Sugar Skull Coloring Pages is available as an instant download for $8. That's only 38 cents per sugar skull page - and you can print them as many times as you like! Plus no shipping fees, no waiting time - we're talkin' instant gratification*, no matter where you are in the world!I'm thrilled to offer you this e-book of Sugar Skull Coloring Pages. This is an exciting collaboration – my sugar skull designs and your infinite creativity!Each of the sugar skull designs in this e-book was carefully hand-drawn by me, and now they will be brought to life by you!These Sugar Skull Coloring Pages and the sugar skull designs in them are totally unique - you won't find these sugar skulls anywhere else. Here's a visual overview of what you'll get:Mexican sugar skulls are candies made from white sugar and colored icing. They are given as gifts in Mexico during Día de Muertos, which falls on November 1 and 2 of each year. These colorful, whimsical skulls represent a view of death that is not scary or morbid. Instead, they embrace the idea that life continues in some form after death.Day of the Dead is a Mexican holiday, called Día de Muertos in Spanish. On Day of the Dead, Mexicans and other celebrants around the world honor their ancestors and deceased loved ones. It is a day of rejoicing and connecting with those who have passed. It is also a time to reflect on the meaning of life and death. On the whole, Day of the Dead is a happy occasion, not a sad one – which is reflected in Day of the Dead art, such as these sugar skulls!An example of coloring the sugar skull with watercolor paintsYou can print these sugar skull coloring pages as many times as you want (for personal use only) which means you never have to worry about coloring them "perfectly" on your first try! This opens the door to all kinds of experimentation – from trying different media to printing on different surfaces, and so much more.Here are just some of the materials you can use to color these sugar skulls:Another idea is to print the pages at a lighter opacity, so that you can go over the lines with different colors - like I did here:…and anything else you can think of!Another idea is to print the pages at a lighter opacity, so that you can go over the lines with different colors - like I did here:These sugar skulls can also be a fun addition to any craft project. After you've colored them in, you can:The sugar skull designs in this e-book are so detailed and intricate that they are meant for adults, teenagers, and older kids. Younger kids might have trouble coloring within the tight lines – although coloring outside the lines is totally cool, too. The blank skulls, however, are perfect for all ages!These Sugar Skull Coloring Pages are available as an instant download as soon as your payment is received via your credit card, which means you can purchase these coloring pages from wherever you are in the world!Once your payment goes through, a special download link will be sent automatically to the email address you provided. Click on the link in the email, and the PDF file will download to your computer.Be sure to save the coloring pages somewhere on your computer where you'll remember. It's also a good idea to back up the file on another computer or an external hard drive, just in case!Please note that you will not receive any physical paper print-outs. What you will receive is a nifty digital PDF file that contains all the pages of this Sugar Skull Coloring E-Book, so you can print each page as needed on your home printer.You will need Adobe Reader to view these files, which you can download for free here if you don't already have it.The file size for these Sugar Skull Coloring Pages is 14mb, because the images are high-quality for printing, so if you have a slow Internet connection, be aware that it may take several minutes to download this ebook. For the best quality, print at "Photo Setting".This e-book and the images inside it are copyright protected. My art is my livelihood, and I offer this e-book for your personal, non-commercial use only. You are not permitted to share the file with others or to sell or distribute these images in any way (this includes any craft items made from these images).While this coloring e-book is meant for individual use only, teachers are permitted to hand out 1-2 pages per student, as long as the copyright info is left intact at the bottom of each page, but it is forbidden to pass out the entire e-book to each student.If you have any questions about how these images can or can't be used, please feel free to contact me. Your purchase of these coloring pages constitutes acceptance of these Terms of Use. Thank you!Ever since I drew my first sugar skull in 2005, my Mexican sugar skulls have been my most popular image. Since then, I've sold my sugar skulls on t-shirts, mugs, ties, shoes, iPhone cases, and even wedding invitations – but this is the first time I've ever made my sugar skulls available as funky coloring pages!!I'm excited to share my art with you in this way. You can see my sugar skull art here.I hope these Sugar Skull Coloring Pages bring you tons of coloring fun!! Thaneeya's newest sugar skull art is now available in a 2019 wall calendar by Andrews McMeel Publishing, so you can enjoy her sugar skull art every month (and every day) of the year! The calendar features high-quality reproductions of 13 of her Day of the Dead sugar skull designs; plus a page for September, October, November and December, 2018 — so you can start using it this year!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Crayon art is not just for kids anymore! Kristina Nelson is a crayon artist from Duluth, Minnesota who creates fine art entirely from crayons.Can you believe that the drawing below was created with crayons?!Kristina's crayon artwork runs the gamut: most of her drawings radiate with vibrant color, but she creates entire portraits using just a single black crayon. Most of her drawings are realist in style, but she also creates whimsical pieces straight from her imagination.After viewing Kristina's crayon drawings, you'll agree that Kristina Nelson is truly a Master Crayon Artist! Read on to learn about Kristina's inspirations and find out her special crayon techniques.How long have you been an artist?I started to seriously get into art in 2006 when I studied under another artist for about a year. In 2007 I opened up my first art studio.When did you first start using crayons to create fine art?After graduating from college and moving to Mexico in 2005, I started coloring with crayons to relax after my day job of teaching. I was just experimenting, trying to push the crayons a little in new directions. I had brought lots of crayons for the kids to use, but they really didn’t need them because they had their own art supplies. They were so convenient to use and I enjoyed being able to be quiet and creative after a stressful, tiring day at work. I never dreamed my crayon drawings would go anywhere. I’m still rather surprised I am an artist.  What's your favorite subject matter to depict with crayons?My favorite subject matter to depict with art is nature – creatures and plants. That said, I LOVE variety so I can get bored doing the same thing over and over again. I jump around quite a bit in the things I chose to draw. I have found I also really like to do people scenes, though I have not done a lot of them. I hope I can do more of those kinds of pictures in the future.Can you tell us a bit about the materials you use?My favorite brand of crayons is Crayola. I have given Roseart crayons a try, but did not like them as much. I like to buy the big box of crayons (96).I usually color on paper, masonite board or mat board. Many of my pieces have been done on construction paper; however, I now prefer to work on acid free papers for quality purposes. The type of paper varies. For portraits I like to use smoother paper.What do you like best about working with crayons?I like crayons as a medium especially because they are so colorful, economical, and convenient. It is great to be able to leave them when you are done coloring for the day, and then come back to them the next day and easily start coloring again (unlike paint where there is usually more setting up time and clean up time). They are a simple tool to use and rather friendly in terms of not being intimidating to work with because they are so familiar.What are some challenges of working with crayons?Crayons can be difficult to work with because they do not erase well, blend easily or cover surface area quickly. They also need to be sharpened frequently, which is more of an annoyance than a big problem.Do you use a fixative on your crayon art?I do not use a fixative on my artwork. The very last step when I finish a crayon drawing is to buff it with something soft – I like to use quilt batting. This causes the drawing to take on a shiny, varnished appearance.  How long does it take you to create a work of art around 14" x 20" (like Never Ending, pictured above)?On average, a smaller piece of work usually takes me a week or less to finish.  When creating your black and white portraits like the one above, do you use a combination of black, white and gray?When I do black and white portrait drawings, I usually use a black crayon on white paper. I have tried coloring white over the black, but I did not like the result. It is pretty neat to see all the gray values that can be created using black crayon over white paper.  Do you have any tips for people who'd like to create fine art with crayons?To get started with crayons, I heartily recommend people use a manual pencil sharpener to sharpen their crayons; it is much better than using the sharpener on the back of the crayon box. I also recommend sticking to 48 crayons or less to begin with. Using more crayons can overwhelm a person in the beginning.For the type of paper, keep it simple and just use construction paper. Sketch out the outline of your subject matter with a pencil and then start coloring. And take a drawing class so you get comfortable drawing.Coloring with crayons is not just about choosing colors and filling in the lines. It is also about observation and learning about how to draw things accurately. The better one can draw, the easier it is to draw with crayons. Lastly, experimenting with the crayons and daily practice goes a long way in creating better and better drawings.  Many thanks to Kristina Nelson for this fantastic interview!You can see more of Kristina's crayon art at her website: www.KristinaNelson.com, where she sells both originals and prints.If you want to commission Kristina to create a custom crayon drawing just for you, check out her page on crayon art commissions!Kristina's crayon art is also available on cutting boards and as fun coloring books.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Most people are somewhat familiar with the process of shading with a pencil, but not everyone knows the drawing techniques for creating value with a pen.There is one main difference between shading with a pencil and shading with a pen: with pencil, you can apply shading by increasing pressure - in other words, pressing the pencil harder against the paper in the areas that you want to appear darker. With the exception of ball point pens, you can't use the pressure technique in pen and ink to create value. Instead, you must use one of the techniques demonstrated below.You might be surprised to learn that, aside from the pressure technique, the basic drawing techniques for creating value when drawing with pen involves exactly the same strokes as when using pencil. The basic strokes include hatching, cross-hatching, scumbling, contour-hatching, and stippling, as shown in the examples below.a row of lines, all facing in the same direction. More dense and concentrated in the areas that appear darker.similar to hatching, except with the addition of criss-crossing lines.tiny, squiggly circular lines - sort of like "controlled scribbling" follows the contour, or curve or outline, of the object. In this case, the hatching is rounded to match the shape of the circle.placing many, many dots on the paper to indicate shading. Probably the most time consuming of all the methods, but creates some neat effects. I've included this side-by-side comparison to further illustrate the results of the different drawing techniques. It's best to familiarize yourself with all of them, so that you will intuitively know which one will best suit the subject matter in your drawing. You can combine any of these techniques into the same artwork, to create some neat effects!There are many different drawing papers available for creating pen and ink artwork. Learn about several different kinds of art paper that you can use to make your pen and ink drawings!If you want to make detailed pen & ink drawings, check out this in-depth overview of this popular drawing medium, along with techniques, materials needed and examples of pen and ink art.For inspiration, view the realistic pen and ink artwork of Sue Pownall. Her detailed ink drawings capture the essence of her surroundings as she travels the world.Check out the detailed pen & ink drawings of Eli Helman. In this exclusive interview, he discusses the process and inspiration behind his elaborate pen and ink art.Oops, accidentally spilled some ink? Learn how to remove ink stains.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
My Day of the Dead art pieces are inspired by the meaningful Mexican holiday, Día de Muertos, which is a time for remembering and celebrating our loved ones who have passed away. My sugar skull art is typically colorful, psychedelic, and dancing with intricate designs, seeking to embody the mystery and energy of our earthly existence while tapping into the question of what's beyond.Real sugar skulls. Click to enlarge.Click here to learn how to make your own!Day of the Dead, called Día de Muertos in Spanish, is a Mexican holiday that is celebrated from October 31 through November 2 of each year. On the Day of the Dead, the boundaries between life and death begin to blur as men, women and children of all ages honor the bonds between themselves and their loved ones who have passed away. The holiday has spread rapidly in the past decade from Mexico to America and beyond. It is now celebrated by Mexicans, Mexican-Americans, and countless others, spawning a colorful and distinctive artistic tradition that continues to inspire.Sugar skulls, called calaveras de azúcar in Spanish, are among the holiday's most iconic symbols, and are sold everywhere on the days and weeks leading up to Day of the Dead. Market stalls are lined with rows and rows of colorful skulls, created from sugar and decorated with multi-colored icing, shiny foil, sequins and glitter. The nearby image features real sugar skulls I created to celebrate the holiday. Sugar skulls are typically given as gifts or placed on altars as offerings to those who have passed away.In 2005 I created my first sugar skull artwork, which over the years has blossomed into a collection of over 100 works of sugar skull art. Keeping with the true spirit of Day of the Dead, my sugar skulls are not meant to be creepy, morbid or scary. Rather, they are cheerful, grinning reminders that we should embrace life and enjoy our earthly existence while we can, while cherishing our connections to our departed loved ones.You can learn about my sugar skull art at my personal website, or visit my shop to purchase products decorated with my sugar skulls.All three books are unique, so you won't find any overlapping art amongst them! My Sugar Skull Coloring Pages are digital, which means they can be downloaded instantly and printed from home! My Sugar Skulls Coloring Book and Day of the Dead Coloring Book are published books available online (via the links below) and in brick-and-mortar stores.
Sugar Skull Coloring Pages
Sugar Skulls Coloring Book
Day of the Dead Coloring Book
2019 Sugar Skulls CalendarCheck out my detailed demos on how to make sugar skulls and how to decorate sugar skulls!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
~ A drawing lesson for kids and adults who refuse to grow up! ~Drawing doodle monsters is fun and easy, because you can draw anything you want!There are no limits to what a monster doodle can look like, so let your imagination go wild. This page will give you an idea of different monster doodles you can draw. I'll show you how to draw two different monsters and offer ideas for even more. Take these ideas and embellish them, twist them around, exaggerate them, and make your own cute little doodle monsters!Bonus: At the bottom of this page, you'll find a link to download a free doodle monsters coloring page, featuring all the whimsical creatures you see on this page, plus many more. Supplies: All you need are a pencil or pen, and some paper.To start with, doodle monsters can be cute or scary. They can be:Let's start at the top: monsters can have many eyes or no eyes. They can also have more than one head! What else?They can have lots of hair or no hair at all.Big floppy ears, small ears, pointy ears, or no ears!Rows of sharp teeth, no teeth, or 1 or 2 crooked teeth... or a beak!How about arms and legs? A monster can have 10 legs or 6 legs or zero legs. He can have 8 arms and she can have 11 arms.Maybe they don't even have arms - maybe they have wings or fins! And what about a tail?Monster doodles can have eyes and limbs in unexpected places.Is your monster furry or slimy? Striped or polka-dotted? Bumps, humps, scales or feathers?Short stubby legs... Thin wobbly legs...Fat, skinny, long and stringy...Does your doodle monster have horns?humps and bumps3 eyes and crooked mouthno arms and pink hairwings and tail
All art begins with ideas.
As you draw, think about all the options we've just covered (how many eyes, legs, where to put them, etc). You have so many options and ideas that you'll probably need to draw a lot of monster doodles to get them all out of your head!
Start with any shape. Any shape at all.How about an oblong shape - long with rounded edges? That's how we can draw the tall monster to the left!Follow along by looking at the sketches below to learn how to draw this cute, smiling monster.1. Draw a long shape with rounded edges.2. Draw spiky triangle shapes all around the outside edges, to make fur. Leave room at the bottom for legs and feet!3. Draw his feet.4. Now draw him a face. I drew two eyes, two eyebrows, a mouth and a pointy tooth that sticks up. You can draw any face you want!5. When you're done, you can color in your doodle monster in any colors you want.Ready to draw your next doodle monster? Here we go!1. Draw a raindrop shape.2. Give it a face. I gave my raindrop a pretty normal face, with two eyes and a mouth and dimples. You can give your raindrop 6 eyes and a giant nose, if you want!3. Now draw hands on your raindrop. Draw them wherever you want. I drew mine near the top of the raindrop monster's head!4. Draw legs and feet for your raindrop monster. I drew 4 legs on mine! (I wonder what he's running away from!)5. Color it in using your favorite colors, or be bold and use your most un-favorite colors....and now for the bonus:Here's a free monster doodle coloring page for you to download and enjoy. Please enjoy these monster doodles for personal use only - commercial use is prohibited. Instructions for download:ENJOY!! Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
These fun drawing lessons will teach you how to draw step-by-step! Here you'll find drawing tutorials for every skill level, from beginner to advanced.Learn how to draw a cat! This drawing lesson shows you how to draw cute cosmic cats that are filled with colorful psychedelic designs. There are no rules, so let your imagination run wild!Learn how to draw a photorealistic marble in this step by step colored pencil drawing lesson! I'll walk you through step-by-step instructions on how to create a realistic drawing of a marble in colored pencils.Learn how to create a mandala! This drawing tutorial shows you how to create your own mandalas, step by step. Although it looks complicated, it's quite easy!Learn how to draw a rose in this step by step drawing tutorial, using materials you can find around your house. This tutorial includes tips and techniques for making you own realistic rose pencil drawings.Learn how to draw an owl in this fun, easy step-by-step drawing lesson! Draw a cute owl filled with colorful shapes and patterns.Learn how to draw a puppy! This drawing tutorial shows you how to draw puppies based on your own photographs, with techniques that are helpful when creating realistic drawings.Learn how to draw patterns step by step! This easy drawing tutorial shows you how to make 4 different abstract patterns, and tells you how to draw your own patterns off the top of your head.Learn how to create a unique self-portrait by drawing detailed patterns on an outline of your hand! This fun Henna Hand Designs drawing lesson is based on a form of temporary body art in India and the Eastern Mediterranean region.Learn how to draw skulls. These easy drawing tutorials demonstrate 9 different wants to draw skulls! These skull drawing tutorials are perfect for Halloween or Day of the Dead.Learn how to draw cute doodle monsters! This fun easy lesson show you how to turn simple doodles into whimsical monsters.Learn how to create a mind map! Mind maps are useful for organizing your thoughts and visualizing your goals. This mind map lesson demonstrates one technique for mind mapping.Learn how to draw paisley in this easy step-by-step lesson! Explore your creativity to fill your paisley with unique patterns and designs. Get inspired!Learn how to Draw Groovy in this fun book filled with easy step-by-step drawing lessons by Thaneeya McArdle (that's me)! You'll learn how to draw cute whimsical images like flowers, owls, butterflies, hot air balloons, paisleys, vines and more!Learn how to draw cool doodle tattoos in The Everything Girls Ultimate Body Art Book by Thaneeya McArdle (that's me!), which features over 50 step-by-step lessons! Use tattoo markers or pens, or makeup such as eyeliner, to create awesome temporary tattoos on yourself or your friends. Brush up your drawing skills with these drawing lessons that explain specific drawing techniques:Colored Pencil Instruction: Learn about 5 basic colored pencil techniques that will be useful when creating colored pencil art.Learn about 5 basic techniques for creating value in pen and ink drawings.Drawing Realistic Pets from Photographs: Learn how to turn your pet photos into fabulous art, in this 128-page book by Lee Hammond. Read my detailed review and get a glimpse at the art and lessons in Lee's book!Painting Light with Colored Pencil shows you how to use colored pencils to create beautifully realistic still lifes. Learn more about this 128-page book by Cecile Baird in this review!Sketchbook Confidential takes you inside the private sketchbooks of 40 different artists. Get a peek inside this 176-page book in my detailed review, and read some of the quotes from the featured artists!Personal Geographies is a fun 144-page book by Jill K. Berry that is full of inspiration and instruction. In this book you'll learn to make mixed media maps that explore both your inner world and your outer experiences.Learn how to keep a daily visual diary in this easy sketchbook assignment!If you normally draw with pencil but you would like to start using other drawing media, expand your horizons by checking out these sections on colored pencil art and pen and ink drawings!My It's All Good 2019 Calendar features 13 vibrantly colored positive phrases that are designed to inspire, encourage and motivate. This calendar also includes an exclusive 12 x 12 inch coloring page illustrating the phrase "Do more of what makes you happy". You won't find this coloring page anywhere else! Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Seeking inspiration? Check out the artwork of these fabulous Featured Artists. Find out what inspires them and what techniques they use to create their art. Art is Fun showcases the artwork of contemporary artists who excel in their medium, demonstrate insight into the working process, and display dedication and passion for their art.Each page includes an in-depth artist interview so that you can get inside the head of the artist and learn more about their creative process.quirky realismcolored pencils & graphiteclassical realismoilsrealismpencil & colored pencilrealism & abstractcolored pencilswhimsical artpainting & printmakingabstractacrylicwhimsical & funkyacrylic & colored pencilsMaximalistpen & inknarrative artacrylics & oilsabstract & whimsicalacrylicsphotorealismoils & colored pencil mandalasmulti mediarealismpen & inkrealist art crayonsrealist art pastel pencilslandscapes, still lifes& portraitsnaive expressionismacrylicsocean artacrylicsdoodle artmostly in pen & inkrealismmulti mediaSign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
The free abstract coloring page below is filled with fun detailed designs that will keep you busy for hours!The abstract art coloring page below is a free sample from my $8 Abstract Coloring Pages ebook, which contains 20 detailed abstract images to print and color.If you like the free sample on this page, you'll love the full ebook!This abstract coloring page was meticulously hand-drawn by me, Thaneeya McArdle, for your coloring pleasure! When I create abstract art, the process is spontaneous and free-flowing rather than pre-planned. When I start, I don't know how the drawing will look when it's finished. That's part of the fun! Drawing abstract art is a meditative, liberating process, and I hope you find that coloring this page has a similar effect on you too.I am offering this printable abstract coloring page as a free gift, so please use this abstract coloring page for your own personal use only. This image is copyright protected, so please do not distribute the image on other sites or attempt to sell it in any way. Thank you!To download the free printable abstract coloring page, simply click on the image. A larger version will open in a new tab or window as a gif file. Right-click on the image and select "Save As". Use your regular method for printing images, and there you go! Enjoy!Free Abstract Coloring PagesThis free abstract coloring page is a low-resolution sample optimized for the web, to give you an idea of the type of art you'll find in my Abstract Coloring Book. The pages in my Abstract Coloring Book have a much higher resolution than this free sample, with most images being around 1mb in size, so the print quality is superb.Here's an example of how this page can look when it's colored.I used markers to color in this abstract art coloring page (shown above and below):If you like the free abstract coloring page on this page, check out my Abstract Coloring Pages, a downloadable e-book of 20 hand-drawn, highly-detailed abstract images for you to print and color! The images in the ebook are high-resolution files in PDF format, designed to print clearly on 8.5" x 11" paper or A4 paper. A lot of care and attention went into creating each image, to make them unique and interesting to color.Here's a half-colored example of another page in my Abstract Coloring Book:Here's a visual overview of the contents of my 20-page book of Abstract Coloring Pages:I'd love to see how you color in my artwork! Join my Coloring Group on Facebook to share your colored pages from my books, ebooks, and coloring calendar. Find inspiration in seeing how others color my art and showcase your own creativity!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
These free adult coloring pages are full of detailed whimsical designs that you can download, print and color! On this page you'll find free samples from my range of Printable Coloring Books and Published Coloring Books.Here's a quick peek at a few of my free printable coloring pages. Scroll down to see them all!
To download these free adult coloring pages, simply click on the images below. A larger version will open in a new tab or window. Right-click on the image and select "Save As". Use your regular method for printing images, and there you go! Enjoy!
Usage: These free coloring pages are offered for your personal, non-commercial use only. Mass-production of these coloring pages is not permitted, even for non-profit purposes. Feel free to pin these images as long as the pin links back to this site. Thanks!
This free coloring page is from the cover my More Good Vibes Coloring Book. Visit my personal website to see a flip-through of the book and check out this time-lapse video of how I colored the page below. Subscribe to my YouTube Channel to keep up to date with my books and videos!
This owl mandala is from my Nature Mandalas Coloring Book, which can be purchased in stores or online at Amazon and Book Depository (which offers free worldwide shipping). Click here to see a flip-through of the entire book.
This free hippie camel coloring page is from my Hippie Animals Coloring Book. Check out my personal website to see a video flip-through of the entire book!This free coloring page is from my Happy Campers Coloring Book. You can preview every page of the book on my personal website.This is a free sample from my Abstract Coloring Pages ebook, which you can purchase for $8 and print as many times as you like! My Abstract Coloring Pages are filled with detailed groovy designs like this one, perfect for relaxation and color therapy.If you like adult coloring pages that are super-detailed, you'll love these abstract patterns coloring pages! If you enjoy these pages, check out my $8 Abstract Patterns Coloring ebook, which you can download instantly, and print from home.The coloring pages below are bonus pages that don't appear in my Abstract Patterns Coloring Pages ebook, but are similar in style and detail:These adult coloring pages are free samples from my Mandala Coloring Pages ebook, which you can download instantly for $8 and print on a variety of interesting paper types.These two free coloring pages are from my 2016 Posh Coloring Calendar, which features a fun coloring page for every day of the year! Note that they're a bit smaller than my other free coloring pages because they were designed specifically for the unique calendar format. You can also find copies of the 2017 and 2018 editions online! Perfect if you like quick and easy coloring pages!A few years ago I got the idea to create a coloring book full of whimsical buildings. I created this coloring page of an elaborate sand castle but haven't had time to pan out the idea, so I'm offering this image as a free printable coloring page! Since it doesn't appear in any of my coloring books I thought it would be fun to share it with you all.This sugar skull coloring page is from my 2016 Posh Coloring Calendar. If you enjoy sugar skulls and the Mexican holiday Day of the Dead (Dia de los Muertos), check out my ebook of Sugar Skull Coloring Pages, which you can download instantly and print infinitely!
Click the image below to open the larger printable version!
If you'd like some more Free Coloring Pages, check out my personal website where I've posted some free pages from my 2 newest coloring books, More Good Vibes and Hippie Animals!I'd love to see how you color in my artwork! Join my Coloring Group on Facebook to share your colored pages from my books, ebooks, and coloring calendar. Find inspiration in seeing how others color my art and showcase your own creativity!If you'd like some ideas about some of the best markers and pens to use for coloring, check out my Guide to Coloring Supplies. For more information about the fun art of coloring, and my personal coloring story, check out the main Coloring page.My It's All Good 2019 Calendar features 13 fully-colored positive phrases, filled with vibrant details. Although this is not a coloring calendar, it does include an exclusive 12 x 12 inch coloring page that you won't find anywhere else! Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
The grid method is an inexpensive, low-tech way to reproduce and/or enlarge an image that you want to paint or draw. The grid method can be a fairly time-intensive process, depending on how large and detailed your painting will be. While the process is not as quick as using a projector or transfer paper, it does have the added benefit of helping to improve your drawing and observational skills.In a nutshell, the grid method involves drawing a grid over your reference photo, and then drawing a grid of equal ratio on your work surface (paper, canvas, wood panel, etc). Then you draw the image on your canvas, focusing on one square at a time, until the entire image has been transferred. Once you're finished, you simply erase or paint over the grid lines, and start working on your painting, which will be now be in perfect proportion! Yay.To use the grid method, you need to have a ruler, a paper copy of your reference image, and a pencil to draw lines on the image. You will also need a work surface upon which you will be transferring the photo, such as paper, canvas, wood panel, etc.To draw the grid lines on paper, I would recommend using a mechanical pencil, so that you can get a thin, precise line. Be sure to draw the grid very lightly, so that you can easily erase it when you are finished.To draw the grid lines on canvas or wood, I would suggest using a thin piece of sharpened charcoal. Again, make sure you make the grid lines as light as possible, so that they are easy to erase when you are finished. The benefit of using charcoal on canvas or wood, instead of using pencil, is that charcoal can be easily wiped off with a paper towel or rag, whereas pencil can be more difficult to erase.The important thing to remember when drawing the grids is that they must have a 1:1 ratio. This is very important - otherwise your drawing will be distorted! Basically, a 1:1 ratio means that you will have the exact same number of lines on your canvas as you will on your reference photo, and that in both cases, the lines must be equally spaced apart - perfect squares.Confused? It's quite easy once you get the hang of it. Let's see the grid method in action, and it will make more sense.This reference photo is 5" x 7". As luck would have it, you want to make a 5" x 7" painting from this photo. So drawing the grid will be pretty straightforward. But if you want to make a large painting, you could also make a painting that is 10" x 14" or 15" x 21" or 20" x 28". Why those sizes and not other sizes? Because those sizes are the same ratio as the 5" x 7" reference photo. In other words:See? It's basic math. The size of your artwork must always be equally proportionate to the size of the reference photo.Because of this, it's important to be aware of what size canvases and wood panels are commercially available. If you stretch your own canvases, you can get stretcher bars in just about any size to suit your needs. But if you're like most of us, you buy pre-stretched canvases, so you are limited to the more popular sizes.So, back to grid-making. Here is what you want your grid to look like:To draw the grid:Each square is 1 square inch. To draw this grid, put your ruler at the top of the paper, and make a small mark at every inch. Place the ruler at the bottom of the paper and do the same thing. Then use the ruler to make a straight line connecting each dot at the bottom with its partner at the top.Now place the ruler on the left side of your paper, and make a small mark at every inch. Then place the ruler on the right side of the paper, and do the same thing. Then, using your ruler, make a straight line connecting the dots on the left with their partners on the right.Voila, you've got a grid! Now repeat the same procedure on your paper or canvas:You've now got a grid on your work surface that perfectly matches the grid of your reference photo. Bravo!Because this painting will be the exact size as the reference photo, the squares on this canvas are also 1 square inch. If this painting was going to be 10" x 14", then the squares would need to be 2 square inches, because:See?Basically, to enlarge the image, you'll need to do this kind of math (even if you hate math!). It's necessary in order to make sure the enlargement is exactly proportionate to the original. If you're not sure whether you've done the math correctly, just count the number of squares in each row and in each column, and ask yourself:If you can answer yes to both of those questions, you've got the gridding process down pat!Now, back to the 5" x 7" grid above.I find that it's sometimes easier to keep track of where I am amongst all those little squares by marking them numerically and alphabetically along the edges of the paper and canvas. This way if I get lost, especially within a much larger painting with many more squares, I can easily locate where I want to be. I write the numbers and letters really small and lightly, so that they can be easily erased. It looks something like this:And this is how it looks on the paper or canvas: So now your task is to transfer what you see in the reference photo, block by block, onto your canvas or paper. When I use the grid method, I always start at the top left corner, and work my way across and down. Since Square A1 is blank in the reference photo, we'll move on to A2. Draw in A2 exactly as you see it:The grid basically divides the original image into smaller blocks so that you can more easily see what belongs where. You can see that in the photo, the left side of the little bowl intersects the corner at the bottom left of Square A2. So you draw the line from there to just below the middle of the line between A2 and A3.That first block was easy! Now do the next block:So you see that as you are transferring the image, you are only paying attention to one block at a time. Don't worry about the other blocks - just focus on that one block. Try as much as you can to copy exactly what you see in that little square in the photo to the corresponding square on your paper or canvas. Focus on getting the placement of each line just right! Here we go:And then the next square: I think you get the idea now. Basically you continue on in this manner, until all the squares are done and the image is completely transferred. By focusing on one square at a time, you end up drawing what you actually see, and not what you think you see or even what you think you ought to see. Once finished, you now have a pretty accurate rendition of your reference photo, ready for painting or drawing!When you are done transferring the image, gently erase the grid lines. Congratulations - you're ready to paint!The grid method has been used by artists for centuries as a tool to creating correct proportions. Renaissance artists, even the great Leonardo da Vinci, used the grid method! The grid method dates back to the ancient Egyptians. It is clearly a useful method for artists and aspiring artists alike. If you plan to use the grid method, keep the following tips in mind:If you are planning to enlarge your reference photo to create a bigger painting, please remember to keep the proportions correct. Make sure that everything is equal. For instance, if your photo is 8" x 10", then you can easily create a painting that in this sizes:These sizes work because they are all equal to 8" x 10". Basically, if you multiply one side by 2, multiply the other side by 2 as well. This is the only way that the enlargement will be proportionally correct!If you want to paint using a pre-stretched canvas, but your reference photo does not fit any of the standard canvas sizes, try cropping your photo so that it does fit.The grid method is not only useful for photorealistic paintings, but can also be applied to enlarge or transfer drawings or sketches in any style, such as abstract, cubist, whimsical, etc. It's an effective way to transform that little doodle in your sketchbook into a full-blown painting!Read a current and historical overview of Photorealist painting techniques and methods. It is beneficial to familarize yourself with this information before you embark on your own journey to create photorealistic paintings.Familiarize yourself with the Photorealist art movement by reading my overview of Photorealism.By making a purchase through our links you're helping keep Art is Fun FREE!
An Introduction to Art Techniques
Exactitude: Hyperrealist Art Today
Photorealism in the Digital AgeSign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
This guide to buying art supplies is here to help you buy what you need to make art - without blowing your budget!If you're a beginner, this guide will help you buy your first art supplies and get started. No more wandering the aisles of an art supply store feeling overwhelmed and confused! This guide will demystify art-making tools so that you know what to buy. Even if you're a more experienced artist, there's information here on various tools and products you might not have tried before.This detailed guide provides insight into what supplies are available and how you can use them. Plus, you'll find information that can help you understand the various techniques involved for different media - from adding texture to acrylics to scraping watercolor paint, and more!For each section below, you'll find clear advice that explains what to look for when buying specific art supplies for acrylics, watercolors, pastels, and stuff for your studio. (This guide will soon be updated to include even more media!)Beyond the basics, buying art supplies really comes down to personal preference because each artist has his or her own unique style and favors certain techniques. This guide will give you information and recommendations about different products so that you can make an informed choice of what you'd like to try without overspending.If you've got any questions you're welcome to post at The Art Colony where you can discuss art with fellow artists.
Acrylics have become a very popular painting medium in recent times. They're permanent, non-toxic, and incredibly versatile.
Watercolors have been used for centuries in a wide range of styles, from realism to abstract and everything in between.
Pastels are highly-regarded for their rich, intense colors. Artists also love them because they require minimal supplies, compared to other media!
Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
This Henna Hand Designs Art Lesson shows you how to create a unique and unusual self-portrait of your hands! It's a great art project for kids, because it allows them to learn about:It's also a fun art project for adults for the exact same reasons!First I'll give you a bit of background info about henna, and then launch into the art project.Henna is a plant that has been used as a dye since the Bronze Ages, primarily in the Eastern Mediterranean region encompassing Northern Africa, Italy, Spain, and the Middle East. It was also widely used in India, where it is still a popular form of temporary body art to this day.To create a dye for the skin, the henna plant is grounded into a paste with a few other ingredients, which is then applied to the body using a cone-shaped funnel. The henna must stay undisturbed on the skin for several hours to properly stain the skin, and then it is washed off. Henna designs can last for days or months.In India, henna designs on skin are called mehndi.  Henna being applied to a tourist in Rishikesh, India. Photo Credit: McKay Savage In many cultures, women have henna decorations applied to their hands and feet for festivals and celebrations. Before a wedding, a bride will have elaborate henna designs drawn onto her hands, arms and sometimes feet. In some regions, the groom will be decorated as well.Henna on the hands of a bride. Photo Credit: MarianHenna decorations have also become popular in the United States, Canada, Europe and Australia, where it takes the form of a "temporary tattoo".In this art project, you'll trace an outline of your hand(s) onto paper and then decorate them with henna designs! This is less messy than trying to apply actual henna on your (or your students') hands, and it allows you to create something that you can keep forever.(If you want to draw directly on your hands, check out my 128-page book, The Everything Girls Ultimate Body Art Book, which features over 50 step-by-step lessons that you can draw on yourself or your friends!)If you're a teacher, start by showing your students photos of hands decorated with henna, like the ones on this page. Give them a bit of background info about the origins of henna, as well as how and why it's used today.
Materials Needed:
(As you can see, not that many materials are needed, which is partly why this makes a great classroom project!)
The first step is to trace your hand onto the paper. I recommend using a pencil to outline your hand first, so that you can erase any mistakes. Then go over the outline with a pen or marker.Now you can fill your hand with designs and patterns!  The patterns and imagery you choose reflect who you are – your personality, your essence, your own unique flair. By drawing patterns on your hand, you are creating an original self-portrait that captures the essence of who you are!Common motifs found in henna hand designs include:flowers, paisley, tendrils, stars, vines, spirals, leaves, water drops, criss-crosses, waves, and more. I'll show you some of these designs below. You can also totally make up patterns as you go along!If you need a jump-start or a crash course in pattern-making, check out my tutorial on how to draw patterns step by step, where you'll learn how to create patterns off the top of your head. I'll also how you how to draw patterns like this:You might want to draw your designs with a pencil first, so that you can erase any mistakes - or you can leap right in with a pen or marker. I chose to pencil in my designs first, but you can do it either way.The pen you use can be any color you want! If you want your designs to really look like henna, you might want to choose a brown pen or marker, because henna usually dries to a brownish color. But you can choose any color you want – pick your favorite color, one that represents you the best!Also, it's ideal to use just one single color for the designs if you want the henna hand designs to truly resemble henna (plus in a classroom it's easier to pass out one marker per student)… but with that said, there are no rules, so you can use a lot of colors if you want – and your Henna Hand Designs Art Project will look just as pretty!It's easiest if you divide up your pattern-making into 3 sections: the fingers, the palm, and the wrist.Here's an example of how all 3 of these sections look after they are decorated with designs:The patterns on your fingers will go from your fingertip to the top of your palm. Here are some ideas to get you started:  You can use the same pattern on all fingers, or put a different pattern on each finger.You can also decorate the fingertips with special designs, like flowers, stars or other symbols.Another idea is to draw a ring-like pattern at the base of each finger. See the sample hand below for inspiration.Here are some more samples of henna tattoo designs for fingers:The palm gives you a wide open space for creative expression.Henna designs on the palm commonly involve an abstract design that emanates out from the center, like a mandala.To create a design like this, pinpoint the center of the palm (or close enough to the center) and start with a dot, a circle, a spiral, a flower, a star… any symbol or image that you like. Then continue adding designs that radiate out from that central point.That's one of the easiest ways to create a mandala, and they happen to look great on palms!Another idea for decorating the palm is to draw something that personally symbolizes you. It could be a particular flower, a bird, a favorite pet, or any object that describes who you are. You don't need to worry about making it look realistic, because henna designs are abstract. This is all about creative expression!The henna design on the wrist will basically be a horizontal pattern that goes across one side to the other. Here are some examples of henna wrist designs:If you want to see more ideas for patterns, check out my tutorial on how to draw patterns step by step. In that tutorial I walk you step by step through the process of drawing each of the 4 patterns below, as well as explain the basic concept to making your own patterns, off the top of your head!When it comes to drawing henna hand designs, the possibilities are endless. Be inventive and follow your creative bliss. Everyone will come up with something unique, which makes Henna Hand Designs excellent as a self-portrait project!
Remember that your drawing doesn't have to be perfect... it's character that matters here - your character!
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
I created my henna hand designs using:You can use any type of pen, marker, or paper to create your Henna Hand Design, such as any of the art materials below. I've also included links to different types of paper you can use to spice up your henna hand – for instance, how would the rustic, natural texture of papyrus set off a henna hand design drawn in sepia, crimson or black?You could also decorate your henna hand designs with glitter, gems, and other goodies.Learn how to draw cool body art doodles like the one below in my 128-page book, The Everything Girls Ultimate Body Art Book, which features over 50 step-by-step lessons!Click here to learn more about The Everything Girls Ultimate Body Art Book!There are many sources on the Internet for henna designs, henna patterns, and artists who are inspired by henna.Stephanie Smith is an artist who avidly creates mandalas, and sometimes "handalas", like the one shown in her sketchbook on the left!You can read about Stephanie's mandala art here and see more of her artwork on her website.To find more samples of henna tattoo designs, do a Google Image Search for "henna hand designs" and you'll come up with many examples of henna tattoo designs (both photos and drawings) to get your creative juices flowing.Here are two sources you can look at for henna designs:Check out this henna hand designs gallery to see samples of henna tattoo designs.Here is an excellent henna resource, with a page of free PDF downloads that include tons of samples of henna tattoo designs. When you make purchases through my affiliate links I get a small commission that helps support this site!
Mehndi: The Timeless Art of Henna Painting
Henna Floral Tattoos
Mehndi Designs CD-ROM and Book
Traditional Henna Designs
Mehndi: The Art of Henna Body Painting
The Art of MehndiClick to return to the Abstract Art Table of Contents, where you can...If you like my abstract art, check out my printable Abstract Coloring Book with 20 pages of intricate abstract line art to fill in with COLOR!For more abstract designs, check out my printable Mandala Coloring Book, with 23 pages of mandalas that you can color!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Clean your paintbrush thoroughly after each useWhen it comes to painting with acrylics, you don't want to slack with cleaning your paintbrushes. For to do so will result in a frayed and/or crusty brush that is no longer usable for traditional art-making purposes (as you will know after reading all about proper paintbrush care!). Therefore, once you are done painting, it is in your best interest to pamper your brush with a full beauty spa treatment to get it clean, refreshed, and ready for the next painting session!When you are done painting with a particular brush, you must clean it right away to avoid paint drying on the bristles. Follow this simple procedure for how to clean paintbrushes and you'll have sparkling fresh paintbrushes for the next time you want to paint!There are special soaps that are meant for cleaning artist paint brushes. These soaps are gentle and milder on the hairs of the brush than regular hand soap, because they are specially formulated to clean and condition brushes. Usually one dish or bar of paintbrush soap will last you a very long time.If you don't have any paintbrush soap, it's okay to use regular handsoap. Just don't use dishwashing liquid, which normally has chemicals that are too strong for the delicate hairs of an artist paint brush.Here are some brush soaps specifically made for artist paint brushes:I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.If you have a permanent workspace, you can simply leave your cleaned brushes lying horizontally on your tabletop or shelf until its next use. The important thing is that you don't want the bristles to get bent or damaged in any way.I keep a lot of my brushes in a Loew Cornell Multi Bin Holder with 50 holes for holding paintbrushes, pens, pencils, etc. I have a lot of paintbrushes (72 at last count) so sometimes I double up and put 2 or 3 of the smaller ones together in one slot. The system mainly works for me as storage and organization. Because I keep so many brushes crammed into this holder, it takes a few extra seconds to look through and find the ones I need. Therefore, before I start painting I'll select the brushes I think I'll be using for that painting session and set them aside.If you have limited space and need to tuck your paintbrushes away somewhere, you can put them inside a long rectangular box, such as a shoebox or a plastic food storage container. There are also quite a few storage solutions available from the art supply stores, such as these:
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
This Holbein Adjustable Brush Holder is the most compact of the storage ideas, making it a good option for transport. It consists of a translucent plastic tube that can hold brushes up to 13" (22cm) long. While it is handy and compact, it doesn't have a way to prevent the brushes from banging up against the end of the tube. Therefore if you use one of these, but sure not to carry it upside-down!An alternative to the plastic tube brush holder is this neat Bamboo Brush Roll-up that can safely store and protect up to 12 paintbrushes. You can put both wet or dry paintbrushes in this bamboo cloth holder, because it is quite airy and dries easily. To transport, simply roll it up and tie it shut.If you need to store or transport more than a dozen paint brushes, the ArtBin Essentials Brush Box is a good choice because it keeps the paintbrushes in place so that they won't bump against the end of the box and get damaged. It can hold 20 brushes, fastened in place with foam inserts. This box features vented sides, to allow the brushes to dry.Page 1........ describes the different types of brushes for acrylics and what each paintbrush can do.Page 2........ answers all the questions that a beginning artist will have about paintbrushes.Page 3........ explains how to safely care for your paintbrushes and keep them happy.Page 4........ demonstrates the best way to clean, store and transport your paintbrushes.Click here to return to the main Acrylic Table of Contents page, where you will find tons of links to all the useful acrylic painting info on this site! Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Learn how to draw a mandala! In this drawing lesson, I'll show you how I constructed the colorful mandala you see above. Although it looks complicated, it's actually quite easy, once you know the steps!
A mandala is a complex abstract design that is usually circular in form. In fact, "mandala" is a Sanskrit word that means "circle". Mandalas generally have one identifiable center point, from which emanates an array of symbols, shapes and forms.
Mandalas can contain both geometric and organic forms. They can also contain recognizable images that carry meaning for the person who is creating it.
In essence, mandalas represent the connection between our inner worlds and outer reality. Designing your own mandalas can be both inspirational and therapeutic.
Are you looking for printable mandala coloring pages? I've got 23 hand-drawn mandala designs to color, just for you!My ebook of Mandala Coloring Pages is perfect for those who want ready-made, blank mandala designs to color.If you want to learn how to create your own mandalas, continue reading my popular mandala-making lesson below! When you create your own mandala, think of it as an echo of your soul. Drawing and coloring a mandala can be a highly enriching personal experience in which you look inside yourself and find the shapes, colors and patterns to represent anything from your current state of mind to your most deeply-desired wish for yourself, for a loved one, or for humanity.You can design a mandala to symbolize a state of mind that you would like to achieve. Mandalas are great tools for meditation and increasing self-awareness. Many different cultures around the world use mandalas in their spiritual practices.The best thing about designing your own mandals is that you have the freedom to choose whatever shapes and colors that you feel express your sense of self and your view of reality. Your mandala is yours, and you have the freedom to use your creativity to create a mandala drawing that is uniquely you.Once you know the basic steps of how to draw a mandala, you can try now new designs and new colors each time you draw a new mandala.You don't need many materials to learn how to draw a mandala. All you need is: paper, a pencil, a ruler, and an eraser.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
To color in your mandala: your choice of colored pencils, watercolors, crayons, or any other type of art material for coloring. You can also use a compass if you like - this will be covered in the steps below.The first step in how to draw a mandala is to measure out your paper into a square shape. The square can be as big or as small as you like. The bigger the square, the more room you will have for putting in lots of detail and color. I made my square 8" x 8".Next, use your ruler and a pencil to draw a dot in the very center of the square, as shown above. The next step in how to draw a mandala is to draw a series of circles around this dot. Once you've drawn the dot in the center of your square, one easy way to draw circles is to use a compass. If you don't have a compass, don't worry - drawing circles is easy if you follow these steps:Using your ruler, measure out 1/2" (or more or less - depending on your preference) from the center dot. Make a mark 1/2" above, below, to the left and to the right of the center dot, as shown above.Next, measure out another distance from the center dot. I chose 1.5" from the center dot. Using the same process as before, make a mark at this same distance on top, below, to the left and to the right of the center dot.You can continue making as many rows of these dots as you like. I chose to make 3 rows of dots, as you can see above.The important thing is to make sure that the dots you make are all equidistant from the center dot. Now that you've drawn your dots, it's time to connect them. Draw a straight vertical line connecting the dots that go up and down, and a straight horizontal line connecting the dots that go one either side. See above for an example of this step in how to draw a mandala.Next, draw another series of dots at the same distances from the center as your first series of dots. See the example above. The yellow arrows point to where the new row of dots will be located. Try to make them at a 45 degree angle to the perpendicular lines.Draw four rows of dots, making a large x shape. See the example above.Next, use your ruler to connect the dots you just made. Now your picture should look like the picture above. Now you'll want to connect the dots into circles. To do this, start at one dot, and draw a curved line to the next dot, and so on.Don't worry about making the circles "perfect". We're not worried about perfection here! Just take it one step at a time, going from dot to dot.It's okay if you make mistakes. In the example above, you can see 2 instances in the outermost circle where I made a mistake the first time around. If this is your first time learning how to draw a mandala, trust me - it will be even easier the next time you do it.Just make sure you draw lightly enough that you can easily erase any mistakes.
Tip: If you don't want to take the time to sketch out your own circular grid, you can download and print your own polar graph paper. This is great for sketching, but if you use this graph paper to create a finished piece, remember that you'll still have those little blue lines underneath your mandala. When you draw your own grid, you can erase the lines!
Now that you've drawn the basic outline for your mandala, you can begin drawing designs in your mandala!You can use a pencil, colored pencils, ink, crayons, or whatever you choose.I chose to use two different colors of colored pencil to draw in my design.You can start from the center, or you can start from anywhere where you feel inspired to make some marks. Using the lines and circles you drew as guidelines, you can draw shapes like circles, triangles, raindrops, loops, etc.The important this is to repeat your pattern. For example, if you draw a circle on one of the lines, be sure to draw it in the same spot on the other lines.This creates repetition, which is a key element in creating a mandala.As you draw more and more designs, your mandala will start to look more complex.The key is to take it slowly, drawing one shape at a time and going around the whole circle drawing that one shape in the right place.Then you build on that shape by drawing other shapes around the circle in the same manner.Here is how the mandala looks with all the designs drawn in. Pretty cool!You can leave your mandala just like this, or you can choose to color it in.I decided to color my mandala with watercolors... Voila! Here is my finished mandala.Using watercolors, I colored in the design using colors that were soft, introspective, and uplifting.Now you know how to draw a mandala!Coloring mandalas can help center your mind while nurturing your soul. If you want some ready-made blank mandalas to color, check out my special book of 23 hand-drawn Mandala Coloring Pages that you can print and color over and over!           Not sure yet? Try before you buy with these free mandala designs to print!           Click to return to the Abstract Art Table of Contents, where you can... If you like my abstract art, check out my printable Abstract Coloring Book with 20 pages of intricate abstract line art to fill in with COLOR!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Learn how to draw a marble in this free drawing lesson!In this drawing art lesson, I'll walk you through step-by-step instructions on how to create a realistic drawing of a marble in colored pencils, just like this one:Marbles are fun subjects to paint and draw.  (If you look on my photorealism art page, you'll see that I love to draw and paint marbles!)  The translucency and luminescence of these tiny, shiny objects are alluring as the light shines through them and creates interesting reflections.  Plus, when drawing marbles you get to work with a lovely balance of sharp details along with relatively wider areas of color.Since marbles are quite small, they work well for an introductory Photorealism Drawing Lesson that will help you prepare to draw larger, more detailed things.  In this free art lesson, you'll learn how to:Here is an animation that shows all the steps involved in creating this realistic drawing of a marble:Here are the drawing supplies you will need for this free realistic drawing art lesson:I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
And of course…COLORED PENCILS!! – I prefer Prismacolor Colored Pencils over every other brand, because they are highly-pigmented, lightfast, and professional quality. Basically, if you want to draw photorealistically in colored pencils, then the quality of the colored pencils matter a great deal. Lesser-quality colored pencils will yield less-great results, even if your drawing skills are superb. So I wholeheartedly recommend Prismacolors for anyone who is serious about their drawings.Don't worry, you won't need to buy all them though! I just find that before starting a drawing, it helps to separate the colors you might possibly need from the ones you definitely won't need, to reduce both the visual and physical clutter of your workspace.These are the colors I actually ended up using:If you don't have all of them, you can buy Prismacolor colored pencils individually from Blick, or you can get creative and mix the colors you do have to create an approximate match.Here is the photo we'll be working from (above).  Click the image above and it will open in a new tab or window. You can then right-click and save it onto your computer, and then print it out.  It should print out at 2 inches by 3 inches.  Cut the image to size, so that the piece of paper is 2" x 3".Flip the paper over.  Using your 6B or 8B pencil, scribble all over the back of the paper.  Make sure the entire back of the paper is covered with pencil, like so:Now, measure out a 2" x 3" rectangle on your drawing paper.  Allow a half-inch to 1-inch margin on all four sides, creating a border around the rectangle, and cut the paper to size, like you see below.Place the print-out of the marble photo inside the 2" x 3" rectangle.  Use archival artist tape to tape the print-out securely onto the paper and also to tape the drawing paper securely onto the drawing board.Using a sharp 2B pencil or mechanical pencil, trace the outline of the marble.  You need to trace the outline, and all of the details such as different colors, highlights and shadows.  Look at my tracing below to see how much detail I traced:Be extra careful with tracing the marble, because the marble needs to be perfectly round to create a believable photorealistic drawing.When you are done tracing the image, carefully lift up the print-out to see how the outline looks.  Leave at least one edge still taped down, so that you can replace the print-out exactly where it was if you discover that you missed a spot. If it all looks good, remove the print-out.Here's what your drawing space should look like now:(It's a good idea to tape down your paper so that it doesn't accidentally move and cause mistakes.)When you work on your photorealistic colored pencil drawing, keep the digital image of the marble on your computer screen so that you can look at it as you draw.  Also keep the print-out handy so you can reference it as well.Above you can see what my work space looked like as I created this photorealistic colored pencil drawing. It's important to keep your kneaded rubber on hand because sometimes you will need to lightly erase the graphite below drawing with your colored pencils.  If you draw over the graphite with your colored pencils, you may inadvertently "set" the graphite into the paper, making it impossible to erase.  When working on a colored pencil drawing, I generally always start with the lights or the darks.  In this drawing, I chose to start with the lights. Identify the light and white spots in the photo and use a gentle, light pressure to draw in the areas of lightness.  It doesn’t matter if the area isn't "pure" white – look for areas that are "generally light" and gently color them in with White.  Working with colored pencils is a layering process, so you will draw other colors over the "generally light" areas later.Use Denim Blue to lightly color in the diagonal blue strip in the marble.  Remember to use a gentle touch!I tape a small piece of scrap paper to my drawing board so that I can test out colors.  Many Prismacolor colors look alike, so sometimes you'll need to test them to see the subtle differences and decide which one to use.  Use Scarlet Lake for the diagonal red strip that runs parallel to the blue strip.Layer Tuscan Red over the upper edge of the Scarlet Lake to make that part of the red strip darker. Add Blue Slate on either side of marble as shown, and also a little bit in the marble's shadow.Remember: if the exact color you need is not available or doesn't jump out at you, you'll need to draw several layers to create the color you need.  Identify the darkest areas and draw them in with Cool Grey 90%.  Be careful when you apply dark colors, because they are hard to erase.  Add them lightly.Add more to the marble's shadow with Warm Grey 30%.Jade Green is an important color for creating the sense of translucency in the marble.  Add a touch of Jade Green to the top, right bottom and left bottom of the marble, as shown.Add more Denim Blue to the diagonal stripe in the middle of the marble.Layer Non-Photo Blue over parts of the Denim Blue in the marble's diagonal stripe.Add a touch of Mediterranean Blue to the diagonal stripe, to create more of a transition from lights to darks.Cloud Blue adds luminosity to the marble.  You might need to start pressing a bit harder at this stage, since by now you have worked up several layers of colored pencil. Add Cloud Blue to the skinny diagonal highlight that is inside the marble's diagonal blue stripe.  For now, we can consider that diagonal blue area done. Also add Cloud Blue to the marble's other light areas.  Deepen the color of the red diagonal stripe by adding Tuscan Red.Make the red diagonal stripe more vibrant by layering it with Scarlet Lake.Add white to the lightest areas of the red stripe to create highlights.Use Poppy Red for the final touch-ups in the diagonal red stripe.  The diagonal red stripe is now done!Add Light Green to the left and right sides of the marble to create a sense of translucency.Use French Grey 70% to bring out the darker areas in the marble, as well as in the shadow.  Don't worry if it seems too dark in some places – we'll lighten it up and smooth it out in the next step.Apply Celadon Green over the French Grey 30% that you applied in the previous step in both the marble and the marble's shadow.Apply White over the Celadon Green.  The Celadon Green created more depth, so adding the White will bring back more of the translucency.  Be sure to add White on the bottom left part of the marble.By now, the surface of the paper feels slicker.  All these layers of colored pencil have made the paper have less "tooth".  You'll need to press harder, but be careful not to press too hard.Add a hint of Light Aqua on the top and right of the marble.  See how it's making the marble look even more round and solid?Apply Cool Grey 90% to the shadow and the marble's darker spots.  After that, go over the same areas where you applied the Cool Grey 90% with another light coat of Celadon Green, which will blend the Cool Grey 90% more smoothly with the rest of the marble.Congratulations: Now the marble is done!  Time to finish the shadow:Add Warm Grey 30% to the marble's shadow.Use Cool Grey 10% to temporarily lighten the shadow.  Adding Cool Grey 10% will essentially bring out some subtle highlights in the shadow.Now go over the shadow with another layer of Warm Grey 30%, but leave some of the lighter areas in the shadow still showing.Also, use Blue Slate to add a touch of the marble's color to the marble.Use French Grey 50% to add more of a warm darkness to the shadow.Use Warm Grey 30% to gently lighten the areas in the shadow that were too dark, and to darken the areas that are too light.  In other words, you'll use Warm Grey 30% to make the shadow appear more balanced, while still retaining some variance with lights and darks within the shadow itself.Congratulations!!  You've just drawn a photorealistic marble in colored pencil!Here's the finished drawing:I used French Grey 50% to sign the drawing.  To keep the signature legible, I re-sharpened the colored pencil after every few letters.I hope this realistic drawing art lesson was helpful to you.  Let it serve as a guide that helps you along as you explore what you can do with colored pencils. As you get more comfortable drawing with colored pencils, you'll surely come up with your own way of tackling drawings, from deciding where to start first to which colors to layer and when.  There's no set formula for success when it comes to drawing photorealistically with colored pencils. The more you work with colored pencils, the more you'll learn to do what feels right for each drawing.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Learn how to draw a rose! This drawing lesson will walk you step by step through the drawing techniques you will need to create your own rose pencil drawings.In this lesson, I'll show you how I made the rose drawing above.To create this flower drawing, I used ordinary materials that you will find around your house. I didn't want to use any fancy art materials, because I wanted to create a drawing tutorial that absolutely anyone can try - you can try it right now, if you want!
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
©TambakoHere is the beautiful rose photo that I used as a reference for this drawing. This lovely rose photo was taken by Tambako and is used here with his permission for teaching you how to draw a rose!One of the best things about learning how to draw a rose is that you don't need to worry about getting everything in exact proportion. If you draw a petal too large or too small, who's gonna know? So don't worry about drawing everything to perfectly match the photo. Just relax and enjoy the drawing process!If perchance you do want to get the drawing absolutely perfect, you can use image transfer techniques such as transfer paper, the grid method, or use an art projector if you want to make a really big drawing.I find that it's easiest the way to get started with a rose drawing is to identify the center of the rose. Find the innermost petal, and start your drawing there. Be sure to start drawing in the center of your paper, because you will be working outwards.Make sure that you start out small when you draw the inner petals, so that by the time you draw the outer petals, they're not falling off the page!Here's an example of what you should look for in terms of identifying the center of the rose:The arrows point to the innermost petal, which is where I started my drawing.Draw one petal at a time, checking where they are in relation to one another. Don't worry about adding shadows at this point. The main thing is to draw a light pencil outline of the entire flower.Be sure to use a light touch, because that makes it easier to erase if you need to make changes.You will draw something like this:Once you've drawn the entire outline of the rose, you are ready to start shading. Again, I find it easier to keep track of "where I'm at" in the drawing if I start with the innermost petal and work my way outwards.There are two ways you can go about shading:For this drawing, I used the first method - starting with the dark areas. You can use whichever method works best for you!Continue with the shading, working your way around the flower. I worked in a spiral motion, circling outwards from the center.Once you've shaded an entire area, you can rub the graphite with your Q-tip. This will blend the graphite, softening the pencil markings, making the surface look smooth. This is a great technique to use for flowers to achieve that soft, delicate feeling.Check out the picture below to see what I mean!You can use Q-tips as a good DIY solution to blending. If you want to get serious about drawing, you can buy something called astump (right) or atortillon (below) from an art supply shop.Stumps and tortillons are basically made from a sheet of tightly rolled paper that is soft and sharpened to a point at one end. Because of this point, they allow for more precision and control for blending than a Q-tip does.Continue adding shadows and softening them with the Q-tip. You can also use your eraser to lift some of the graphite off of the paper, which will lighten the areas that you may have overdarkened.In the picture below, you can see how some of the areas are smoothly blended with a Q-tip, while other areas have quick pencil shading. This shows you how the drawing starts off as a building process of laying down graphite.After you run the Q-tip over an area, you will find that some of the darker spots will have been lightened, because the graphite was lifted off on the Q-tip.To make those areas dark again, just go back and make some dark pencil marks there. Carry on in this manner until the drawing is finished!Tip: When you are shading, it doesn't matter if the tip of the pencil has gone dull. In fact, when you are shading it is better to use a pencil that is dull rather than sharp, because this makes for easier coverage.
To recap, there are 4 main techniques at work to create this rose drawing:
Please note that your rose pencil drawing can get easily smudged at this point, so try to keep it in a protected place. If you'd like to keep it for awhile, spray it with a final sealant. This will prevent smudging and fading. It will also protect the drawing from UV rays and moisture. The sealant that I use for my drawings is called Krylon Crystal Clear (this links to Blick Art Materials, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that helps support this site).
Here is a quick re-cap of all the steps on how to draw a rose:Want more drawing lessons? Click here to return to the main Drawing Lessons page, where you will find all kinds of fun drawing tutorials!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
All you need is a pencil and paper. You can also use a pen, marker, crayons, or any other drawing materials you may have.In this drawing lesson, you'll learn how to draw the basic features of 7 different funky skulls. If you choose, you can then color and decorate your skull drawings for the Day of the Dead (Día de Muertos)! For examples, see my skull drawings on the right.These were all done in pencil and are the basic outline for the fancy, intensely-decorated skulls that I create for Día de Muertos. In later lessons you'll learn how to decorate them with patterns and funky colors to create a skull drawing that is fun, lively, and uniquely you! First, let's draw some skulls!Draw the upper half of a half-circle.Continue drawing the lines, as if you were about to draw a circle. Leave an opening at the bottom.Connect the 2 ends by drawing a wide u-shaped line.Draw 2 nostrils in the middle, lower half of the skull.Draw 2 wide circles for the eyes.Add a line for the mouth and several smaller lines for teeth.Step 1Draw the upper half of a half-circle.Step 2Add 2 lines, 1 inside each side of the circle. Start the lines inside the circle and gently curve them outside the circle.Step 3Continuing on these 2 lines, draw 2 lines (1 on each side) bringing the angle of the lines down and slightly inwards. These lines will form the cheekbones of the skull.Step 4Finish rounding out the cheekbones by bringing the lines back in towards the center and then down.Step 5Connect the two sides with one gently sweeping straight line. This will be the bottom of the teeth!Step 6Underneath the cheekbones, draw a broad u-shaped line that connects one cheekbone to the other, crossing over the lines you drew in Step 4. This will form the top of the teeth.Step 7In between the lines you drew in Steps 6 and 7, draw another parallel line. This line will be the middle of the teeth.Step 8Draw several lines that go up and down to form the teeth. Now your skull is smiling!Step 9Under the cheekbones, next to the lines you drew in Step 6, draw 2 lines (1 on each side) going downwards and slanting inwards.Step 10Connect these 2 lines with a gently curved u-shaped line. Now your skull has a jaw! Almost done!Step 11Above the teeth, draw 2 nostrils in between the cheekbones.Step 12Above the nostrils, draw 2 eyes. Now you have completed your skull drawing!Step 1Draw a circle that is rather flat along the bottom - almost looking "squashed".Step 2At the bottom of the circle, start inside of the circle on one side and draw a graceful u-shape that dips down and comes back up inside the circle on the other side. This will be the outline for the teeth.Step 3In between the bottom of the circle and the line you just drew in Step 2, draw a parallel line. This will be the middle of the teeth.Step 4Draw lines up and down for the teeth.Step 5Next to the mouth, draw 2 lines (1 on each side) that run parallel to the mouth.Step 6Draw a line connecting the 2 lines you just drew in Step 5. This line should run parallel to the mouth to form the jaw.Step 7Above the teeth, draw 2 raindrop shapes for nostrils.Step 8Draw 2 eyes. Now you're done!AnimationCheck out this animation to see all the steps to create this cute smiling skull.Step 1Draw a circle. It can be a perfectly round circle, or a slightly squashed circle, like the one above.Step 2Attached to the bottom of the circle, add 2 short lines (1 on each side).Step 3Connect the 2 lines you drew in Step 2 with a gently curving line that runs parallel to the bottom of the circle. This is the skull's jaw!Step 4Inside the area you just drew, draw a broad u-shape. This will be the mouth!Step 5Inside the mouth, draw a horizontal line in the middle for the teeth.Step 6Draw vertical lines to make teeth!Step 7Above the teeth, draw 2 raindrop shapes for nostrils.Step 8Draw two large eyes. Voila, you've drawn a skull!AnimationWatch this animation if you get stuck along the way.Step 1Start drawing a circle, but leave a wide opening at the bottom.Step 2On both sides of the open circle, draw a line that slopes gently downwards.Step 3Connect the 2 lines that you drew in Step 2. This forms the jawline of the skull.Step 4Above the line you drew in Step 3, draw a parallel line above it. This will be the middle of the teeth.Step 5On top of the line you drew in Step 4, draw a series of upside-down u-shapes to form the top row of teeth.Step 6On the other side of that line, draw a series of u-shapes to form the bottom row of teeth.Step 7Above the row of teeth, draw 2 raindrop shapes for nostrils.Step 8Draw 2 large eyes. You're done! Easy, eh?AnimationHere is a helpful animation that shows the order of all the step to create this skull.Skull Drawing Lesson 6Step 1Draw the arc of a circle, but leave a wide opening at the bottom.Step 2Add 2 short vertical lines, 1 on either end of the line you drew in Step 1.Step 3Connect these 2 lines with a single horizontal line.Step 4Underneath the line you drew in Step 3, draw a wide u-shape. This is the jaw of the skull.Step 5Draw a smaller wide u-shape that intersects the line you drew in Step 3. This is the bottom of the mouth.Step 6Draw a horizontal line that connects both ends of the u-shape that you drew in Step 5. This is the outline of the mouth!Step 7Inside the mouth, draw a bunch of short vertical lines to make teeth.Step 8Above the teeth, draw 2 raindrop shapes for nostrils.Step 9Draw 2 large circular shapes for eyes. Congrats, you just drew a skull!Step 1Draw an upside-down u-shape.Step 2On each side, draw a line from each edge that slants downwards and connects in the middle.Step 3Beneath the line you drew in Step 2, draw a u-shape. This will be the jaw of the skull.Step 4Inside the line you drew in Step 3, draw a similar line that runs parallel to it. This forms the outline of the mouth.Step 5Above the line you drew in Step 4, draw a parallel line to form the middle of the teeth.Step 6Draw a bunch of vertical lines to create the skull's teeth. Now it's smiling!Step 7Above the teeth, draw 2 nostrils.Step 8Draw 2 large circular shapes for eyes. Now you've drawn an evil skull!AnimationWatch this animation so that you understand how each step adds up to create this evil skull drawing!If you like drawing skulls, and you want to get more advanced, check out these Day of the Dead skulls. They are colorful, detailed and fun! Check out my ebook of printable Sugar Skull Coloring Pages, containing 21 sugar skulls that you can print and color as many times as you like!Thaneeya's newest sugar skull art is now available in a 2019 wall calendar by Andrews McMeel Publishing, so you can enjoy her sugar skull art every month (and every day) of the year! The calendar features high-quality reproductions of 13 of her Day of the Dead sugar skull designs; plus a page for September, October, November and December, 2018 — so you can start using it this year!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Learn how to draw whimsical faces from photographs!Do you ever get stumped when you try to draw a whimsical face? Do you end up drawing the same face over and over again?Rather than show you how to draw a single whimsical face step by step, this drawing lesson will show you how to start with a reference photo and then use your creativity to alter, exaggerate, adjust, and expand upon the facial features in the photograph to create an endless variety of whimsical faces.What do you think the 11 faces below have in common?Would you believe me if I said they were all inspired by the same reference photograph?Well, they were! In fact, those pencil sketches were inspired by a photograph of me - and no I don't have a mohawk, pointy ears or a fish tail. See for yourself:When you draw from a photograph, you have the power to change whatever you want. You have total creative license! Here are some of the things you can change when you make your sketch:The more you change each feature listed above, the less your drawing will resemble the photograph and the more it will look like a whimsical face from your imagination!Remember: your goal is not to reproduce the photograph, but to use it as a starting point for drawing a whimsical face - so don't get caught up in trying to make your drawing look like the photo, and don't judge what you draw.The benefit of using a photo to spark your imagination is that you will be less likely to wind up drawing the same face over and over again.You'll gain:For example, if you usually draw faces front-on, challenge yourself by looking at a photo of a face in 3/4 view (like my photo above) and draw a whimsical face in that position (like the sketches on this page). Same goes for profiles.Now I'll go through each one of those pencil sketches above and place it next to my photo, and explain how I changed the features.(To make it a bit easier for you to see the similarities between the photo and the drawing, I've made my photo black and white.)In the drawing above, I made her nose long and pointy. I also made her chin pointy, as well as her ear. Note that my ear isn't showing in the photo, so I invented it in the drawing. I gave her short hair with a single curl, and a small star near her eye.The result: a pixie elf-ish fairy portrait!In this drawing, I took more creative liberties. I made her eyes farther apart and used a simple line to suggest her nose - a line that is very faint in the middle. The eyebrows have been heightened and shortened. The mouth has been made smaller and her cheeks less prominent. Her hair is shorter and sweeps to the right in straight lines.The result: a cute face that could represent any young woman. In the drawing above, I made her eyes very big and prominent. They are also close together. Her irises are 'colored' with lines that radiate from the center like spokes on a wheel. Light shading on her eyelids and cheeks makes them more prominent. Her nose is small and is only suggested by a simple hooked curve. I gave her a very big forehead and a decorative turbanlike headdress.The result: a somewhat posh, exotic-looking lady. Perhaps a belly dancer or a mind reader!In this drawing, I made the eyes much larger, and drew them as half-circles with pointy outer edges. They are very close together. The eyelids are prominent but the eyebrows are short, simple curves. The nose is simply a rounded line... and there are noticeably less teeth! All in all, the features are very rounded.The result: This could be a baby, or perhaps an old man!In the drawing above, I turned myself into a raggedy doll! I drew rounded eyes with stitch marks around the right eye. The features are simplified and the cheeks are rosy. I drew a fabric patch where the ear should be. The hair looks like chunky braids or yarn.The result: a raggedy doll that looks handmade and somewhat wornThe face on this drawing is very simplified - at least in the sketch; if color was added, the face could become a lot more 'full'. Referring to the photo was helpful in terms of where to place the facial features. The eyes are simple dots and the main features are minimally suggested. I took the liberty of giving her long hair and a fish tail!The result: a mermaid!The eyes in this drawing are fairly detailed, and the 'bags' under the eyes are emphasized. I also gave him two prominent eyelashed above each eye. He has big cheeks, big poofy eyebrows, horizontally-pointy ears, and thin hair. The forehead wrinkles were the final touch to give him a sense of age.The result: a gnome / elf / troll manIn this drawing, I drew the eyes as large ovals, one larger than the other. The irises are simple dots floating in the white of the eyes, resulting in a cartoony look. I gave him a big grin and a mohawk.The result: a cartoony punk characterIn the drawing above, her eyes are enlarged, placed close together, and her eyelids are very prominent. The shading on her eyelids and lips implies that she is wearing make-up. Instead of a smile I gave her a subtle introspective smirk. Her hair is suggested by framing her face with short, curved lines.The result: an attractive yet somewhat mysterious lady, perhaps a showgirl or someone in a cafeIn this drawing, the features are very simplified. His eyes are half-circles with no lower eyelid. His nose is long and pointy. His thin curly moustache matches his curly hair, and he wears a top hat. By using minimal lines, most of his face is suggested rather than shown.The result: a dignified-looking man from another eraIn the drawing above, her eyes are large and placed close together. Her eyebrows, nose and smile are suggested with simple lines. Her hair is neatly shaded into a simple style.The result: an everyday woman who could be doing anything!I hope this whimsical drawing lesson was useful to you in showing how you can start from an ordinary reference photo and use your imagination to turn someone's face into a whimsical face!
If you're a beginner, you might feel like I'm throwing you into the deep end. Don't worry, just have fun with it. Open your sketchbook and see what happens.
When you practice drawing whimsical faces, don't ever judge your work. Remember that you are doing this for fun - just allow yourself to see what happens.
Happy Drawing!Return to the main whimsical art pageSign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Wanna learn how to paint glass objects in a photorealistic manner?Glass objects (like jars, drinking glasses, eyeglasses, tumblers etc) are amongst the most challenging things to paint in a photorealistic manner, because you need to capture both the solidity of the object, as well as the transparency of the object.How can you accomplish this?I'll tell you how!I've painted glass objects in my photorealism paintings several times, both in my watercolor paintings and my acrylic paintings.I'll tell you how I managed to create that delicate balance between solidity and transparency to make those glass objects appear true to life!Here is a trick that you may be surprised to learn about how to paint glass objects:Most of the time, you don't need to worry about painting the glass itself.What does this mean?Well, you know how glass distorts objects that are placed inside of it, like in the jar of marbles above?Instead of worrying about painting the glass, focus your attention on painting the distorted shapes of the marbles (or whatever object you have inside of your glass).Don't even "think" at all - just paint what you see.Often, our logical left brain takes over and tries to dictate what we "should" be painting and how it "should" look.Therefore the main trick to learning how to paint glass objects photorealistically is to activate your right brain by getting rid of those "shoulds" and instead, paint what you actually see.So don't even think about the fact that you are painting a glass object. Just focus on color, shape, and form.If the glass is empty, focus on each specific color, paying close attention to each color shift. Start with the obvious, noticeable colors and then use the glazing process to smoothly blend everything together.In summary, this is the real key to how to paint glass objects photorealistically:Be sure to paint what you actually see, and not what you think you see. Part of what makes painting glass photorealistically so tricky is that the brain often tries to dictate what the painting should look like, and that interferes with the visual information that is actually there.Once you've started focusing on what you actually see, you are now released from the "idea" that you are painting something that should look a certain way. Now you can focus on the actual painting process.Colors are very important when attempting to capture the look of glass in paint.Obviously, whites and blacks will be very important when painting glass, as well as various shades of grey.I have personally never used grey paint, so although it is readily available, I don't really think it is necessary. You can mix any shade of grey that you need easily by using plain old white and black.Additionally, look closely at the colors that are actually there - are there tints or shades of blue, purple, brown, green, etc...? For instance, in my painting "Posse" that you see above, there are 3 different types of glass objects, and each has its own distinct coloring.The left one is a cool, bluish grey... the middle one is an umber sort of grey... and the right one is a sea-greenish grey.Take a close look at the colors of the glass, and be sure to incorporate them into your painting using the glazing process.What is this "glazing process" that I keep mentioning? And why is it so important in learning how to paint glass objects?Glazing with acrylics has to do with creating very thin layers of paint - either watered down or diluted with medium such as Acrylic Glazing Liquid (this links to Blick Art Materials, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that helps support this site).The glazing process is really important when painting photorealistic glass objects. This is what enables you to capture those subtle shades and hues that you see in the reflections. If you want to paint glass objects in a photorealist style, definitely check out my page about creating acrylic glazes!Check out my in-depth guide:How to Paint Photorealism: A Step-by-Step Guide on How to Paint Your Own Photorealistic Paintings - a FREE 15-page guide explaining the materials and methods to working in Photorealism. When you make a purchase through one of our product links we get a small commission that helps support this site!
Juxtapoz Hyperreal
Colored Pencil Painting Bible
Photorealism: 50 Years of Hyperrealistic PaintingSign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Reader Question: Hi there, I'm trying to paint a realistic sky on gessoed masonite. Here's what I do:My question is, just why is the previous layer of paint LIFTING even though I let it dry thoroughly?I'm using only water as my thinning medium.Do you have any suggestions for me? I keep reading all over how "acrylic paints do not lift" etc., but it's happening to me!I can feel your frustration! It is true that acrylics usually do not lift in this way, so let's see if we can figure out why it's happening to you. I'll run through a few possible factors that might be causing your acrylics to lift. See if any of these factors ring a bell with you.If you can change anything based on these suggestions, give it a try and monitor whether it has helped keep the dried acrylic on the board, where it belongs!One thing to keep in mind is that acrylic paint on board doesn't dry all the way through as quickly as acrylic paint on canvas does. When you paint on canvas, there is a flow of air reaching the paint from both the front and back of the canvas, which makes it dry faster. With a solid board, the air reaches the paint only from the front, so the inner layers take longer to dry.So even if the acrylic paint feels dry to the touch, it may still be wet underneath.If the first layer of clouds is relatively thick, then it might not be dried all the way through even if you use a hairdryer. Golden states that "films of 1/4 inch thickness or more will take months and even years to be completely dry." Humidity and cold temperatures can also slow down the drying time.Even if the layer of paint is relatively thin, it might be best to let it dry for a few hours or even overnight before you attempt the next layer. If you usually rework the painting sooner than that, give it more time to dry as an experiment to see if that helps prevent the acrylics from lifting off.Basically, if the paint has not fully dried all the way through and you are glazing over top with water and a thin layer of paint, this might be causing the acrylics underneath to lift.
Acrylic paint consists of pigment suspended in binder. The binder is what makes the paint stick to the surface - in your case, the board. If you dilute the acrylic paint too much with water, it may weaken the binder. This means that the paint may form a weak bond to the surface and lift off the next time you go over it.
To thin the paint and create a glaze without breaking down the binder, you should use an acrylic glazing liquid instead of water (that link takes you to Blick Art Materials, where I get a small commission that helps support this site). When you use an acrylic glazing liquid, you can thin the paint as much as you need to without worrying about weakening the binder.
If you want to stick with water, generally try not to dilute your paint with more than 50% water to 50% paint.
Based on how you've described your problem with the acrylics lifting, here are some other things I can suggest:Best of luck with it!Return to Acrylic Painting Techniques and Tips.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
A landscape painting or drawing refers to an artwork whose primary focus is natural scenery, such as mountains, forests, cliffs, trees, rivers, valleys, etc.If you want to learn how to paint landscapes, this section will help you get started!The earth is a wondrous creation. From barren deserts to lush rainforests; from swelling oceans to cloudy skies... the earth provides endless inspirations for visual artists. Nature's palette is everywhere we look. Throughout history, artists have found endless inspiration in the mysterious beauty of nature and the grandeur of the earth's varied landscapes.Landscape artists can choose to depict their vision of the earth in a variety of ways. They can be painted realistically, in an effort to replicate nature as closely as possible (such as my Fields of Gold pastel painting below). But landscape painting does not need to replicate a specific place. For instance, a landscape painting can be created in an abstract manner, in which the imagery is imbued with a deeper spiritual meaning. A good example of artists who work in this method are the Aboriginal artists of Australia who create intensely detailed abstract paintings.(You can see an example of one of my colorful abstract landscape paintings below, which was inspired in part by Australian Aboriginal art.) Another group of painters who adapted the use of color to form highly emotional, creative landscapes are the Fauvists, who chose wildly unexpected colors for a jarring and unsettling effect. Landscapes can also be surreal and purely imaginative, as in Dali's unusual and dreamlike artwork.Today Is - 6" x 6" - Acrylic on Wood PanelFields of Gold - 15" x 19" - Pastel on PaperLandscape paintings also aren't necessarily limited to depictions of land. For example, they can also include images of seascapes, cloudscapes, skyscapes, riverscapes, or cityscapes (otherwise known as "urban landscapes"). The main unifying element of any of these -scape artworks is that they all center around some kind of scenery.Landscapes can be painted plein air or from a photograph. Plein air is a French term that means "in the open air". The benefit of plein air painting is that you can see the landscape right in front of you. You are already immersed and absorbed in the beauty of the scenery. There are, however, benefits to working from a photograph as well. If you work from photographs, you can work in the comfort and privacy of your own studio, without being dependent on daylight or the weather. You can also take certain elements from different photos to create a unique composite landscape. For example, if you like a hill from one photo and a gnarly old tree from another photo, you can combine them into the same landscape. Then if want to put a flowing river in front of them, you can.You can also work from quick landscape studies or sketches. If you're out hiking and there is a lovely view that strikes your eye, you can easily whip out a small sketchbook or watercolor pad and use pencils, colored pencils, or watercolor to quickly make a sketch of what you see. It often helps to write notes next to the sketch, so you remember what color certain leaves were, or what shade the sky was. Oftentimes these "quick sketches" turn out to be wonderful works of art in their own right!I sketched this scene during a long walk in the Sussex countryside. If you look closely, you can see some tiny scribbled notes that I made about color.I scanned the sketch into Photoshop and used my scribbled notes to remember what colors to put where. The result was this digital "sketch", which could be used as the starting point for a future painting.In this digital age, anyone with access to a camera can snap a beautiful photo of a breathtaking landscape. There are thousands of heart-stoppingly stunning landscape photos circulating the Internet. So, with such modern conveniences, why should anyone bother taking the time to painstakingly paint something that can be more easily captured on camera?For lots of reasons!! For one thing, the machine can never replace the artist's hands, which work in conjunction with the artist's eyes and mind - analyzing the source of light, examining the range of hues and tones, filtering the mass of information and transforming the outer vision into painted reality. Artists can use a variety of techniques within their chosen medium to add emotional undertones to a work of art. They can choose wild, "unnatural" color schemes that are expressive and striking. They can take creative liberties to rearrange elements in a scene, adding something here, subtracting something there, to create a compelling composition. Their landscapes can be realistic, or they can be abstract or surreal. When it comes to art, the possibilities are as endless as the imagination. Landscape painting was a highly regarded art form long before the invention of the camera, and will always continue to capture the hearts and imaginations of artists and art enthusiasts alike.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
You can learn to draw right now with the fun and engaging Lets Draw course! If you want to learn how to create realistic pencil drawings like this:…read on!If you purchase the Lets Draw course after clicking on one of the links on this site, Art-is-fun.com will receive a percentage of the sale as a "thank you" for sending you their way. After spending hours poring over the course material, I can heartily recommend the Lets Draw course and give it two thumbs up!On this page I'll tell you all about this fun pencil drawing course created by Dennis and Nolan Clark (pictured below right in their New Zealand studio). Dennis and Nolan Clark, your "Let's Draw" instructorsThese two experienced art instructors have taught this course in real-life to thousands of students just like you. Now you can enjoy this course from the comfort of your own home through the Lets Draw video and ebook lessons, which means you can learn and practice at your own pace.In this course you'll learn to draw animals, landscapes and still lifes. In addition to step by step lessons, you'll also learn plenty of art theory, which means you can take these techniques and apply them to anything you will ever want to draw.Imagine seeing a barn like this and being able to draw it:(You'll learn to draw this barn during the course!)If you want to learn to draw but you literally don't know where to begin, Dennis and Nolan will help break down each step of the process. This course provides a solid foundation in drawing, starting with a thorough explanation of drawing materials. The bulk of the course involves step by step lessons, drawing theory and valuable tips. You'll learn all the steps to draw berries, like these!Each lesson builds on the techniques and concepts you learned in the previous lesson, so by the end of the course you are ready to go out and draw anything you want.
The Lets Draw course is mostly aimed at beginners, so if you've never drawn before – this course is for you! In fact, 93% of the people who purchase the Lets Draw course have never drawn before. No prior art knowledge or drawing experience is necessary.
However, this course is so comprehensive that even intermediate artists will also learn a whole lot from the lessons. I've been drawing for nearly 2 decades and even I picked up some handy tips from this course, which was exciting and motivating.
In this course, Dennis and Nolan present each lesson in a fun, friendly style that is encouraging and easy to grasp. If you ever feel like you need to review a certain technique or lesson, you can go back to it as many times as you want!Each section or lesson is divided into 'days' but you go at your own pace. If you complete 1 lesson per day you will learn to draw in only a month! But if you need to go at a slower pace, that's fine too.The Lets Draw Course is available digitally, which means that you can get started immediately! You'll instantly have access to over 5 hours of helpful videos, and you can download the PDF course materials for printing or viewing on your computer.Here's a quick depiction of the content in this course:If you sign up for this course, I'll receive a percentage of the sale from Dennis and Nolan, which helps support this site. I'm recommending this course because I've viewed every lesson and I think it's a top notch way to learn how to draw!Firstly, you'll receive the PDF manual containing over 300 pages of lessons which you will download and print. You can also view the manual on your computer, which can be handy for seeing their example images close-up.Now I'll give you a very detailed overview of the lessons, and also share with you some of the things you'll see in the videos.After you buy the course, you'll receive access to a screen that looks like this:You can watch the video lessons right from your computer!Can you guess what this is for?Before you even launch into the pencil drawing lessons, be sure to watch Nolan' welcome video where he introduces himself and shows you his studio. He gives an encouraging pep talk and invites you to post any questions you might have on the forums as you learn to draw.Pencil Drawing Equipment – Nolan clearly outlines all of the drawing supplies you'll need for this course, such as the different types of pencils and paper, and advises you on what to get. He also tells you about other equipment that you'll use during the course.Nolan also explains how to set up your drawing area in a way that helps you achieve the best results as you learn to draw, from choosing the right lighting to selecting a suitable drawing surface (or table).Once you're all set up, you're ready to start the pencil drawing lessons!Because this course started out as a live workshop, each lesson is divided into 'days'. However you will learn to draw by following this course at your own pace, so you don't have to do just one lesson per day and you can take a day off when you need to. Just be sure to follow the course in the order that it is outlined. It might be tempting to skip ahead, but the material will make more sense when you go step by step from Day 1 to Day 27.Just think of each 'day' as a 'lesson'. In each lesson you learn new skills and gain new knowledge about drawing, so each lesson builds on the previous lesson, giving you a solid foundation for drawing.
The overview you are about to read is very detailed!
I tried to create the feeling of flipping through a book at a bookstore, so you can browse before you buy.
If at any time you feel convinced to give the Lets Draw Course a try, simply click here or on any of the sample images and you'll be taken to the Lets Draw website where you can purchase the course.
Also, feel free to skim this section if the amount of info is overwhelming to you. If this is overwhelming, just imagine how much valuable content and information the course will provide you!
Here's an overview of each day's lessons:Learn how to go from a blank outline to a finished drawing!Nolan demonstrates a technique for drawing texture.Find out what this is all aboutLearn the Grid MethodThis is an extremely detailed lesson with step by step instructions about the grid method. Ample tips are provided and there are handy grids you can print out in mm or inches. Nolan also explains what to do if your reference image is not the same size as your paper. With 16 whole pages dedicated to the topic, this is one of the best resources on the grid method I have ever seen.Learn to draw whiskers using a special technique:When you finish this lesson, this diagram will make sense to youLearn how to turn this into a shaded still life drawingNolan demonstrates how to spray your drawings with a fixative* At the end of each lesson are also additional bonuses, such as black and white photos you can draw from and pencil sketches you can study as examples.If you sign up for this course, I'll receive a percentage of the sale from Dennis and Nolan, which helps support this site. I'm recommending this course because I've viewed every lesson and I think it's a top notch way to learn how to draw!  After you buy the course you can also download and print the accompanying PDF files. The online interface of the Lets Draw course offers a handy menu that gives you access to all your course material right at your fingertips.Here's a screenshot of the easy-to-use interface:One of the best things about the course is access to the forum, where you can ask questions about the lessons, post your artwork and receive valuable feedback. This helps give you the fullest learning experience that most closely resembles what it would be like to attend one of their workshops in person, except you can work from the comfort of home at your own pace.It took me a long time to look through the Lets Draw course because they just have so much to offer! I was really impressed with the content and presentation of the course material. All of the concepts are thoroughly explained through words and images. Each section also contains valuable tips that are too numerous to mention here.The Lets Draw course is an incredibly thorough pencil drawing course that gives you a solid foundation of drawing skills. The combination of theory plus step by step instructions makes this course a worthwhile investment for anyone who wants to learn to draw. Most other home-study drawing courses I've come across are weak on theory, which means that students only learn to draw the objects they are shown how to draw step by step in the course. That's how this course is different: Dennis and Nolan go beyond the step by step lessons and provide you with the knowledge and skills to confidently draw anything you want.If you'd like to explore the Lets Draw course more before buying, click here and scroll halfway down to view the Lesson 1 video, PDF and handouts and see what you think. You can also skip forward to the Day 19 Video: Drawing Animals, and the accompanying PDF manual too.If you purchase the Lets Draw course after clicking on one of the links on this site, Art-is-fun.com will receive a percentage of the sale as a "thank you" for sending you their way. After spending hours poring over the course material, I can heartily recommend the Lets Draw course and give it two thumbs up!All of the images in this review come directly from the Lets Draw course, so credit goes to Dennis and Nolan Clark for the use of these images.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Making mandala art is healing, transformative, and addicting – just ask mandala artist Stephanie Smith, who has created over 1500 mandalas in the past 4 years!Stephanie uses a variety of painting and drawing materials to create her detailed mandalas. She also thinks out of the box and fashions anything she happens to find into impromptu mandalas, with often whimsical results. On this page you'll see examples of both.Join us for this inspiring interview with Stephanie as she explains why she finds mandalas so fascinating, and find out how she can help you free your creative spirit by making mandalas!When did you first start making mandalas? I believe it was at the beginning of January 2007 after seeing a fellow artist post a mandala that he had made on the photo sharing website Flickr. Created freehand with colored markers, he explained that it was a meditation to be completed in one sitting – that you started at the center and worked your way out. Over 1500 mandalas later… here I am!Multi-layered batik mandala by Stephanie SmithStephanie's mandala drawn in aFabriano Multi-Color Artist journalWhy do you create mandalas? Initially, I think I was yearning for an expressive way to connect to a higher part of myself.Why do you encourage others to create them? When you don’t have a specific art background (like me), it can be difficult to give yourself permission to just create. From Day One, my process makes art accessible to everyone. I want people to feel the same sense of accomplishment that I did after doodling a mandala for an hour. That, “I did something meditative and introspective and just maybe, I made something that looks interesting – but either way, it felt good to let go and just create without judgment.” Mantra incorporated into a mandala, by Stephanie SmithWhy do you sometimes incorporate words or mantras into your mandalas? When working with patterns in a concentric fashion, it becomes rhythmic, meditative, and you can really allow stress to fall away. I find that if there is a specific thing I want to pray or meditate upon to bring into my life, I find it helpful to use words in the mandala such as, “Releasing Fear Releasing Fear Releasing Fear” incorporating them in such a way that you are not just thinking them, but writing them, creating art with them – which can be reflected upon at a later time. These words become your mantra. I myself have been a big fan of chanting and writing mantras for the last six years. Mantras such as “Ra Ma Da Sa Sa Say So Hung” (A Tibetan healing mantra) and “Om Gum Ganapatayei Namaha” (a Hindu devotional for removing obstacles) are some of my favorites.Mandala surrounded by mantra, by Stephanie SmithWhat kinds of materials/mediums do you use to create your mandalas? Oh, I’ll use just about anything within arms reach. :) But my preferences would be (on paper) fountain pens, colored pencils, Pitt markers, (brush & regular) Japanese calligraphy markers, watercolor, Neocolor II crayons and most recently, acrylic paint. I enjoy working on paper and have a plethora of sketchbooks in various sizes. I’ve used craft paint to paint large mandalas on walls and glass doors, chalk on pavement, sand drawings with sticks, assemblages with stones and seashells. Painted mandala plate by Stephanie Smith, before being firedMandala sidewalk art by Stephanie SmithPole painted with mandala designs by Stephanie SmithMandala stone art by Stephanie SmithEven pierogies can be arranged into a mandala! Photo by Stephanie SmithMandala drawn on Clairefontaine journal cover, by Stephanie SmithDo you have a favorite medium for creating mandalas? Probably whatever I’m specifically into at the moment - which can vary from day to day or week to week as I seem to go in phases. These days, I love to paint with flat black gesso over brightly colored backgrounds of acrylic, colored pencil or watercolor.  Please tell us about your mandala workshops.“Mandala: An Artful Meditation” is an interactive personal growth workshop where I guide people to tap into that higher part of themselves by using a meditative art process which is the mandala. I provide a safe space where the participants can create without the fear of judgment. Through encouragement and positive reinforcement, my hope is for people to walk away from the experience feeling as though they can now give themselves permission to be creative – something that many adults without formal art training can find to be a challenge.  Do you have any advice for people who want to create mandalas on their own?Most definitely! Anyone can create a mandala. The hardest part is releasing self-judgments pertaining to the quality of the work. If you let go of the idea of having to have some kind of perfect finished product and instead focus on the creation of the piece itself, you have tapped into something quite marvelous. By letting go, you allow yourself to have fun and be creative. Just make a mark in the center of a piece of paper and work around it in radiating concentric patterns. Don’t think about what you are doing – just choose simple lines and marks and before long, you will have filled the page and will find yourself reaching for another.Very few people are born with natural artistic talent and must attend some form of additional schooling if they wish to enhance technique. But to me, art isn’t about technique – it’s about expression. It’s knowing that whatever you bring to the table is enough. That you get an “A” for simply showing up and that for trying, you are enough.Like any action in life that you repeat, you do get a little better each time you flex that muscle. In time, (if it even matters to you) your lines will get straighter and your circles rounder. Just let go and get creative!Check out Stephanie's TED Talk below where she discusses:"Art as a Spiritual Practice: What I've Learned from Making 10,000 Mandalas"Thank you, Stephanie, for this fascinating peek into your world of mandala-making! You can see more of Stephanie's mandala art on her blog, Spiritual Evolution of the Bean, where she displays her mandalas, writes about her spiritual journey, and shares informative reviews on various art supplies. She also posts her mandalas and other artwork on flickr.If you're interested in purchasing one of Stephanie's original mandalas, check out her etsy shop.Stephanies runs Mandala Workshops for individuals and groups, large and small. No previous art experience is required!She also has a YouTube channel full of mandala art-making videos, such as this one:Do you want to learn how to create a mandala right now, at home? Check out this tutorial on How to Draw a Mandala!If you need help getting started, check out these free mandala designs to print, or treat yourself to 23 of my hand-drawn Mandala Coloring Pages!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Mixed media art refers to a visual art form that combines a variety of media in a single artwork. For example, if you draw with ink, then paint over it with watercolors, then add some highlights in colored pencil - that's mixed media!Click here for an overview of mixed media, or dive into the details by checking out the Table of Contents below:Learn how to combine watercolors and colored pencils in this fun mixed media tutorial! Find out how to create a mixed media dog portrait.The mixed media lesson also shows you how to make your own graphite paper, how to use masking fluid, and much more!   Check out the inspirational mixed media art of Richard Tuvey! Richard creates art that combines a variety of media, such as the oil, acrylic and pastel flower painting on the left. Read a fascinating interview with Richard and get inspired by his experimental style!If you've ever wanted to learn how to transform your life experiences into mixed-media art, Personal Geographies is an inspiring art instruction book that encourages you to reflect on your life journey to make unique art that reflects you! In this review I'll explain more about what you'll find in this book 144-page book by Jill K. Berry, show you several sample pages, tell you where you can download a free lesson from the book.Download a free PDF lesson from Painting with Mixed Media, a 132-page book by Paula Guhin and Geri Greenman. Read my detailed review of this book. It's a fun exploration of the many different ways you can mix traditional paint with other media to create an exciting range of artwork. This book, by Paula Guhin and Geri Greenman, features 132 pages of material and hundreds of photos to illustrate the concepts and techniquesMixed media is very closely related to other art forms such as assemblage and collage. Assemblage is a 3-dimensional sculptural form, in which found objects are "assembled" together in a quirky and unique way. Collage involves a rearrangement of pre-existing elements, such as cut-up paper of all sorts (newspaper clippings, gift wrap, vintage ephemera, old book pages, stamps, postcards, etc), as well as various other small items glued to the surface of the paper, canvas, or wood.In general, mixed media can certainly incorporate 3-dimensional objects and things like cut-up paper, but for the purposes of this topic, we'll focus on artwork whose main feature is usually a combination (or mix) of media, such as acrylics, oils, crayons, pencils, etc.Mixed media is fun because it can take so many forms. The sky's the limit! Below, you can see a variety of artworks that I created using mixed media. Most of these pieces include a few of the following: acrylics, watercolor, watercolor pencils, colored pencils, and /or ink.With mixed media, anything goes. However, you will need to take some ordinary precautions, such as making sure that your foundation (base layer) is sturdy enough to accept whatever you throw on top of it without buckling or bending. You may also want to do some smaller tests to examine how the media work together, to make sure you can achieve the desired effect. For instance, applying ink on top of watercolor will have a very different look than watercolor applied on top of ink. So it's best to fiddle around on a small-scale to figure out how the media interacts, before attempting a large-scale or detailed artwork!By using a combination of media in one artwork, you can utilize the best that each medium has to offer!When you purchase one of our recommended books we receive a small commission that supports this site. Thanks in advance!
101 Mixed Media Techniques
Mixed Media Girls with Suzi Blu
Explore 45 Mixed Media TechniquesSign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Mixed media can involve so many different types of media - colored pencil, acrylic, watercolor, ink, collage, etc, which means that mixed media artists can have a lot of questions!Click below to see mixed media questions from other visitors to this page... and read the answers!Sealing mixed media artwork on vellum paper I am doing Illumination/calligraphy on vellum with imitation gold leaf, permanent ink, watercolors, gouache, and iridescent color pencils - basically …How to seal oil pastels and acrylic paints Reader Question: I just discovered the fun that could be had by using oil pastels in conjunction with acrylic paints. Using them under the paint, over …Best surface for colored pencil and acrylic mixed media art Reader Question: Which surface do you recommend when using colored pencils along with acrylics? There are several surfaces I can recommend for …How to reduce shine when using magazine clippings in collage art Reader Question: Hi, I have always painted in acrylic. I want to try something new this year and would like to do a painting with acrylic paint, oil …What type of paint for mixed media art? Reader Question: What is the best type of paint to buy to use in mixed media art? Hi Nellie! If you want to make mixed media art that includes …Using charcoal on canvas with other media Hi Thaneeya, Your website and your art is wonderful! I stumbled across it this morning and am so happy I found it. I am an artist who works with lots …Will graphite pencil marks dissolve if watercolor pencils are drawn over it? I love to draw with graphite ONLY, but I also LOVE color. So I bought a few sets of Prismacolor watercolor pencils , thinking I can just trace over …Attaching Fabric to Mixed Media Supports I sew and want to use fabric and other fibers on canvas board and craft wood (birch and plywood, 1/4"- 3/4" thick) as supports for creating my mixed …How to varnish mixed media artwork on paper I've created a mixed media (collage and acrylic) work on heavy weight paper and want to know if you can varnish works done on paper? The product says …Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
The exploration of nature in art can take endless forms, because nature provides us with such a vast wealth of inspiring phenomena. That gives us a lot to work with! Nature is both all around us and deep within us. We are inseparable from nature - our bodies, lives and minds depend on the air we breathe and the food we eat. The earth sustains our very life force. Without the earth - without nature - what would we be?Artwork based on nature can take many forms and serve many purposes. Because "nature" is such an immense topic that encompasses so many things, I can only provide a partial list of the various subtopics that may appear in nature-related artwork:And of course within each subtopic, there are further subtopics, and on and on...So if you want to create a work of art based on the theme of "nature", you've really got a whole planetful of ideas to work from!Below you can see one of my colored pencil drawings, Cosmic Frog, followed by a brief description of the way this drawing addresses the subject of nature.Cosmic Frog - 4" x 6" - Prismacolor Colored Pencils on paperThis drawing is part of my Deep Thinkers series, in which various animals are juxtaposed with evidence of human thought, in the form of mathematical equations, quotes, definitions, musical scores, etc. These pieces approach the topic of nature in art by depicting a zen-like transcendent bridge between conceptual thinking and animalistic consciousness. These two contrasts are united by a careful use of color and decorative design. This piece depicts a frog in front of a series of black hole equations.This drawing depicts one way of approaching the topic of nature in art. My Cosmic Frog drawing ties together earthly, amphibious life with cosmic, universal calculations - thus combining something small and recognizable with grand concepts that are abstract and intangible to our human consciousness. Frogs and black holes - makes for an interesting contrast!Nature in art can take many visual forms, from photorealism to abstraction. Art can mimic nature, by seeking to visually replicate objects as they actually appear in real life. But abstract paintings can also take their visual cue from actual forms in nature, such as the painting below. This piece arose from the study, observation, and contemplation of natural phenomena and natural forms. When sitting at the easel, I used creative liberties to assign bright colors to detailed patterns that were inspired by what I had seen in my natural surroundings.My painting below, Fulgent Life, is another example of nature in art. This painting was heavily influenced by my up-close observations of plants and insect life whilst living on an isolated hilltop in southern France. This painting depicts the elements of earth - rocks, stones, soil, minerals, and the things that live amongst them. This artwork was based on the forms that I observed in nature, which I used as a starting point to create an imaginative, abstract work of art. Fulgent Life - 6" x 6" - Acrylic on Wood PanelThere are many different ways to approach the subject of nature in art. Art can open our eyes to the intricacy and beauty of the natural world. It can simply be a pretty picture that appreciates nature for what it is... or it can be a challenging piece expressing our complex human connection to nature. Art can serve a purpose beyond being an object of beauty: it can also address pressing environmental issues and topics about conservation, sustainability, preservation, biodiversity, and threatened habitats. Art has the ability to interact with and educate the viewer about these issues, spreading awareness about such important topics. We feel an instinctual need to take care of the things we feel connected to. Art can help renew, or spark anew, our connection with nature.Sustainable art is a movement whose aims are to ignite discussion (and adjust our perception) about the way we use our resources. Sustainable art seeks to make us think more deeply about the impact that our lifestyle choices have on the planet.Artists for Conservation is a group of artists who, in various ways, support nature through their artwork. They paint nature in art in the form of beautiful and idyllic images of animals and landscapes. In addition, they also donate a portion of their art sales to conservation efforts.Nature in Art is a British museum devoted entirely to artwork inspired by nature. They have an extensive collection of artwork covering a 1500 year time period, representing over 60 countries and cultures. In addition to their permanent collection, they have special exhibitions as well as classes and events for adults and children.In these hyperreal, digital times, it is easy to forget, and even resist, that we are susceptible to natural forces. Art can help us become more conscious of our true relationship with nature. It is undoubtedly important to feel a connection to the natural world... in fact, it is vital to our survival!The first step to creating art based on nature is to spend time in nature. So unplug yourself. Turn off the TV, radio, ipod, laptop. Go outside. Tune into your surroundings. Feel the wind upon your cheek. Observe the veins of a leaf, sit against the trunk of a tree, watch a river flow.Let your mind be as vast as the sky.Be still.Appreciate.Observe.Bring a sketchbook and see what arises!Making art from nature returns us to our natural roots, bringing the artistic process back to basics. Learn about nature-inspired art and artists!These whimsical bird drawings depict a variety of birds in colorful scenarios, with the aim to expand our usual view of the creatures we meet in nature.Learn how to draw a rose! Learn the steps to creating your own rose pencil drawings using basic supplies you have around the house.Learn how to draw a puppy in this drawing lesson! This drawing tutorial shows you how to draw your own puppy drawings.Here's a fun tutorial on how to draw a cat! These are not ordinary cats though... these are Cosmic Cats!Check out the detailed pencil drawings of Doreen Cross. Realistic animal drawings are her specialty!Learnhow to paint flowers with amazing classical realist artist, Delmus Phelps! Read an in-depth interview and view his breathtaking flower paintings of roses, daffodils, magnolias and more.Are you interested in drawing animals? Visit my friend Ivan's fantastic site, where you can learn how to draw animals (and many other things also)!Check out these recommended books! If you make a purchase we get a small commission that supports this site!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Reader Question: Which brand of oil pastels is best for fine, smooth blending? Which surface is best for achieving fine, smooth blending with oil pastels - paper, board, etc?If you'd like to achieve smooth blending with oil pastels, I'd recommend that you use one of these 3 professional-quality brands:I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.Since these are professional-quality brands, they will cost more than the student brands of oil pastels, but they are worth it for the difference in quality. The professional-quality oil pastels contain more pigment and less binder, making the colors more vibrant and the application smoother.If you are unsure of which brand to choose, you can purchase a few colors of oil pastels from each brand "open stock". ("Open stock" means purchasing them individually rather than in sets.) Test them out and see which brand you like best before investing in a set.Many oil pastel artists like to use a combination of different brands to create their art, taking advantage of all the best qualities of each brand for doing different techniques. That may be something to keep in mind when deciding which brand to buy. You'll probably want to invest in a set of at least one brand, but then you can buy extra oil pastels from other brands open stock, to enhance your artwork.If smooth blending is your priority when working with oil pastels, you'll want to use a surface that is very smooth to begin with. Some papers that are labeled "pastel papers" are quite textured, which is good if you're layering (which requires tooth for the pastels to grip) - but since you want to blend smoothly with oil pastels, you should avoid any papers that are heavily textured. It's always a bit of a balancing act when it comes to having enough tooth for the pastels to grip, but not so much that it inhibits blending. For this reason, the type of surface you'll prefer for pastels depends on the techniques you like to employ.You'll also need a surface that is heavy (that is, thick and sturdy) enough to withstand layers of oil pastels. Thin or flimsy papers will just soak up the oil and get ruined over time. If you want to use paper, choose one that is 140lb or heavier.Here are some suggestions for surfaces that will allow you to smoothly blend oil pastels:
The Recommended Products below are there to help you browse for art supplies, and if you make a purchase we get a small commission that supports this site and keeps it FREE! Thanks in advance.
You can also use canvas as a support for pastels. However, when it comes to blending, untreated canvas may have too much tooth. You can use a pastel ground to prepare the canvas to have the right amount of tooth you need to both hold the pastel particles and to allow blending. When choosing a surface, remember that oil pastels never fully dry, so over time the oils will deteriorate a paper surface unless it is properly protected. If you want to use something like a heavy 300lb watercolor paper, you can apply 1-2 coats of Art Spectrum Pastel and Multimedia Primer, which will prime the paper with a fine tooth that can accept multiple layers of oil pastels.
Hope that helps & Happy Oil-Pastel Painting!If you'l like more information, check out the pastels section in my Guide to Buying Art Supplies.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Want to learn how to paint? These painting lessons demonstrate how to paint using several different techniques to create art in many different styles, from photorealism to abstraction.These painting tutorials focus on using acrylics, watercolors and pastels.If you want to learn how to make acrylic paintings that look just like photographs, check out this in-depth step-by-step guide on How to Paint Photorealism.Learn how to paint abstract art in this easy-to-follow painting tutorial that shows you how to paint colors and shapes to create colorful, fun abstract art.Learn how to use pastels in this pastel painting workshop. In this pastel portrait painting tutorial, you'll learn several important techniques that you can use when creating pastel art.Learn how to paint abstract art flower paintings! This fun acrylic painting tutorial walks you step-by-step through the process of creating fun & easy colorful abstract floral paintings. Learn how to combine watercolors and colored pencils to create mixed media art! In this mixed media tutorial, you'll see how I created this whimsical dog portrait, and learn tricks and techniques for using watercolors and colored pencils.Learn how to use watercolor pencils, watercolors and masking fluid to create fun abstract art in this step-by-step watercolor pencil art lesson! You'll be both drawing and painting - but don't worry, it's not hard at all! Learn how to use acrylic texture mediums to create a 3-D effect in your paintings! This demo also shows you how to create a mask. If you're wondering what a "mask" is, then do check this out!Learn how to create colorful abstract art using simple shapes with these easy-to-follow abstract watercolor painting instructions. You'll also learn how to mix watercolors.Learn how to oil paint in the Classical Realist style with Delmus Phelps! If you want to bring your still life oil paintings to the next level, you'll want to check this out.Our friends at the Paint Basket are exploring some exciting new territory by offering live online video classes, where students can watch and ask questions in real time. These live online painting lessons are taught by two seasoned instructors, Dennis and Nolan Clark. You can read more about Dennis and Nolan, and their teaching methods, in my in-depth review of their "Let's Draw" Pencil Drawing Course, one of the best courses out there for budding artistsLee Hammond's Big Book of Acrylic Painting helps beginners learn how to paint with acrylics, with 192 pages of information, tips, demos and examples. Read my detailed review and get a glimpse at the art and lessons in Lee's book!Painting with Mixed Media is a fun exploration of the many different ways you can mix traditional paint with other media to create an exciting range of artwork. See examples, download a free lesson and learn more about this book in my review!My It's All Good 2019 Calendar features 13 vibrantly colored positive phrases that are designed to inspire, encourage and motivate. This calendar also includes an exclusive 12 x 12 inch coloring page illustrating the phrase "Do more of what makes you happy". You won't find this coloring page anywhere else! Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Painting Light with Colored Pencil is a 128-page book of inspiration and instruction, showing you how to create colored pencil drawings so rich in color they resemble oil paintings!Colored pencils are a convenient medium for people seeking to achieve a high degree of realism in their art. The supplies needed are minimal, compared with many other mediums. Colored pencils create minimal mess and require little to no prep or clean-up. Because colored pencils can be sharpened to a fine point, they are a natural medium for creating tight details.Author Cecile Baird is an award-winning artist who is well known in the colored pencil world for her skill in creating luminous, highly realistic still life paintings using colored pencils. In her book, she shows you how to create realistic colored pencil paintings with an emphasis on capturing the special qualities of light and shadow to create rich, luminous works of art.Read on for a detailed review of what you'll find in Cecile Baird's Painting Light with Colored Pencil. One of Cecile Baird's colored pencil still life paintings, as seen in her book Painting Light with Colored PencilPainting Light with Colored Pencil begins with a 14-page intro chapter that covers a lot of useful information about setting up your still life, which is especially great info for beginners. Setting up a still life correctly is an essential part of the art-making process, because the whole strength of your drawing will depend on the strength of your still life composition.Cecile encourages you to choose subject matter that calls to you, and demonstrates how to set up successful still life compositions, keeping in mind factors such as color, shape, repetition, texture, light, reflections, and shadows. She provides examples to illustrate each of these points.She explains how to set up a good still life composition, being aware of focal point, value, harmony, balance, point of view, and depth, with different examples to illustrate these points, explaining what works and what doesn't work in each sample composition.Lighting is another important factor that deserves a lot of attention when setting up a still life. Lighting can affect your composition by determining the brightness of the highlights and depth of the shadows. You can use artificial lighting or natural lighting. Natural lighting can change quickly but if you photograph the still life then you don't need to worry about the light changing while you're working on your drawing. The use of artificial lighting is common when setting up still lifes because it allows you to direct the light just how you want it. Cecile includes a lot of handy tips, such as a reminder to use a single light source to get good highlights and shadows, rather than two competing light sources which will wash out the values.There is also a section about photographing still lifes. This book was originally published in 2005 so it mentions film photography, but these days most people use digital cameras. Cecile encourages you to take lots of photos of your composition, from different angles and with different lighting, which gives you a greater chance of coming upon the composition that is just right.A lesson on setting up strong still life compositionsThis 19-page chapter is packed with information. Now that you've learned how to set up your still life, you're ready to get acquainted with your materials and learn basic colored pencil drawing techniques. Chapter 2 starts with a discussion of paper, pencils and accessories.One of the sections in Chapter 2 of Painting Light with Colored PencilWhen choosing paper to use with colored pencils, you'll need to take into account the color, texture, heaviness/weight of the paper. Cecile lists her favorite paper for using with colored pencils.There are three categories of colored pencils that are suitable for fine art: wax-based, oil-based, and water-soluble. Cecile describes her favorite colored pencils (Prismacolor) and provides an overview of several other brands and their qualities.Cecile rounds out the discussion of supplies by explaining several accessories that come in handy for colored pencil artists, such as pencil storage / carrying case, pencil carousel, pencil sharpeners, erasers, adjustable drawing surface, desk brush, colorless blender, color lifters, solvent, glue, fixative and other tools.Next the chapter moves along to discuss techniques for transferring your photo onto paper as a line drawing. The author describes three methods for creating a line drawing from your photo: the grid method, the projector method, and the copier method. She recommends drawing onto tracing paper so as not to ruin your final paper, and then transferring that drawing onto your final paper using either a lightbox, transfer paper.One of the examples of Cecile Baird's colored pencil art, shown in her book Painting Light with Colored PencilWhen you photograph your still life composition, the camera may distort the image in some ways. When you transfer your drawing, you may need to make some corrections to the perspective and composition to compensate for any camera distortions. Cecile includes before and after images to illustrate her points about correcting perspective and composition.Now the colored pencil instruction begins. Cecile shows you different types of pencil strokes: circular, linear, and multidirectional. She explains why it's important to keep your colored pencils sharp, and describes three types of pencil points, how they differ and what each one is for. She covers the importance of pencil pressure and saturation point. She demonstrates three different burnishing techniques, with visual examples, and discusses the "wax bloom" phenomenon. This is excellent info for beginning colored pencil artists, because it sets the foundation for all your drawings.This chapter also covers the use of solvents. When you use a solvent to dissolve and spread the color, you can quickly fill an area with color. Solvents can also blend colors so that the color of the paper is no longer seen in between the pigment marks. Cecile cautions you to practice using solvents before trying them on one of your colored pencil paintings, because using too much solvent can remove color.Next, Cecile covers the concepts of value and color. You'll learn how to see values and how to draw value scales. She also shows you how to analyze the colors in your reference photo, and lists the colors she consistently uses. You'll learn how complementary colors can enhance one another when placed next to each other or layered on top of one another. There is also an overview of how layering with colored pencils can create luminosity, resulting in rich, compelling colors. Since colored pencils are semi-transparent, they can be layered in limitless ways to create interesting hues. Chapter 3 is when the step-by-step demonstrations begin. For each demo, the author lists the specific colored pencils she uses (the brand names and colors).In this chapter, Cecile explores how the use and placement of light can make fruit and flowers glow, resulting in radiant still lifes.The step by step demos include:On the left you can see her finished colored pencil painting of an orchid - hard to believe that's not a photo! On the right you can see the begining of her rose lesson.In this chapter, you'll learn how to capture the glow of light, the intricacy of reflections and the transparency of water.The step-by-step demos include:Capturing texture is an important aspect of drawing realistic still lifes. Chapter 5 shows you how to capture a variety of textures, such as:In this final chapter of Painting Light with Colored Pencil, author Cecile Baird shows you how to tie all the previous techniques together to create more complex still lifes. This chapter contains only two demos but they are quite in-depth (10 and 12 pages, respectively).Step-by-step colored pencil demos:A page from one of Cecile Baird's final lessons in Painting Light with Colored PencilAs you flip through Painting Light with Colored Pencil, you can easily see that Cecile Baird is a master of colored pencil techniques. Her beautiful art serves as inspiring examples throughout the book of what can be accomplished with this medium.Painting Light with Colored Pencil contains lots of demos, along with ample introductory material to get you going. For colored pencil artists who want to achieve this style of realism in their still life art, this book will be a wonderful guide.Painting Light with Colored Pencil is a great resource for anyone who wants to learn to create realistic still lifes using colored pencils. This book is so full of tips and information that even advanced colored pencil artists may learn something new. Beginners will appreciate the introductory material, although total beginners might feel a little overwhelmed by the demos, because most of the demos do not pinpoint what colors to put where (the explanation of what colors to put where is usually described in words, without arrows pointing to the actual drawing, which can be a bit challenging to follow). Beginners who can feel comfortable taking charge and practicing the techniques even if they're feeling unsure of where exactly to place certain colors will benefit from the info in this book, although beginners who need more guidance might feel lost. Intermediate colored pencil artists will probably feel more comfortable following along with these lessons.If beginners feel lost, they can take note of the specific colors Cecile uses in each stage of a particular demo and practice using those colors to achieve similar results, without worrying about copying her artwork exactly. As she notes at the end of the book, "the goal is not necessarily for you to re-create these paintings exactly as they appear here. Your goal is to master the techniques used to create these paintings. Then use these techniques for your own creations."If you are a total beginner to drawing in general and you are seeking instruction on basic drawing techniques, Painting Light with Colored Pencil will not be the book for you at this stage in your artistic journey, because this book is focused on a specific media - colored pencils - and teaches techniques for achieving realism in that medium only, rather than basic drawing principles.If you are not interested in drawing realistic still lifes, then this book is not for you, because it only focuses on still lifes and only aims for realism (rather than expressionism, impressionism, whimsical, etc).If you want to draw portraits or landscapes in colored pencils, you would be able to adapt the techniques you learn from this book to other subject matter, but you might prefer to get a book that focuses on your desired subject matter as it would be more directly useful to you.Advanced artists will probably know most of the techniques described in this book, although you may pick up a tip or technique or two. This book is more ideal for beginners and intermediate colored pencil artists.If you're interested in purchasing Painting Light with Colored Pencil, you can find it at Amazon via the link below (if you make a purchase, I'll receive a small commission that helps support this site and keep it ad-free!).A complimentary copy of Painting Light with Colored Pencil was provided to me by North Light Books for this review, which is based on my honest assessment of the book. All images in this review are displayed with permission and are copyrighted by their respective owners.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Pastel drawings and paintings glow with an intensely luminous color and rich velvety texture. This is because pastel powder is pure pigment!
The Recommended Products below are there to help you browse for art supplies, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that supports this site and keeps it FREE! Thanks in advance.
Sennelier Soft Pastel Overview of pastels: Start here with a quick overview of what pastels are and why artists like them. Learn about the characteristics of pastels.Pastel paintings or pastel drawings: What's the difference? Find out here.Pros and cons of using pastels: Although lots of artists love pastels, there are some safety concerns you should be aware of when you use them. Read about the pros and cons of using pastels to decide if they are a medium you'd like to try.Pastel Supplies: Learn all about the supplies you need to make art with pastels in the following pages:Sidewalk chalk drawings are large outdoor paintings created using professional-quality pastels. Learn about the history of pavement art and discover some of the world's best chalk artists!Tutorial: How to use pastels Learn basic pastel techniques for creating different effects in this fun pastel portrait tutorial.Tutorial: How to make your own soft pastels from scratch When you make your own pastels, you can control factors such as size and color. Check out this tutorial to find out how its done!Frequently Asked Questions: Browse the questions (and answers) of other readers and gather tips for pastel painting and drawing!
A pastel consists of pure powdered pigment and binder in a stick. It's basically the same pigment that is used in all art mediums. In appearance, it's sort of a cross between a stick of chalk and a crayon. They are held in the same way that you would hold a pencil, crayon or paint brush. Pastels come in 4 forms: hard pastels, soft pastels, pastel pencils, and oil pastels (these link to Blick Art Materials, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that helps support this site). The hardness or softness of a pastel is determined by the amount of binder in the stick. Soft pastels have less binder and more pigment. They normally have a rounded shape. Hard pastels are usually rectangular and have more binder to keep the stick together. Each has different qualities and creates different effects. For example, soft pastels are easy to smudge and blend, whereas hard pastels are good for creating tight, precise details. Pastel pencils are pastels that are encased in wood, allowing for less mess and more control over details. They can be easily blended with regular hard or soft pastels. Oil pastels are great for creating painterly effects, but their wax binder means they're incompatible with other pastel types.
To make a pastel painting or drawing, the stick is dragged across a rough or toothy surface. It's essential that the surface have some degree of abrasion, so that the pastel particles can rest on the paper. Smooth surfaces are too slick to accept pastel. Pastels are easily blendable, and can be blended with fingers, a blending stump, or a cloth. Unlike the process of painting, the colors are mixed directly on the paper, rather than on the palette. This is why blending is so important!When handled correctly, pastels are permanent and can last just as long as any other medium. Pastels never crack, yellow or darken over time. When properly framed and securely hung, the particles will stay fixed in place for centuries.Pastel paintings refer to completed works in which the entire surface area is covered in pastel. Because of pastel's exquisite blendability, combined with their luscious texture, finished artworks often emanate the same depth and richness as paintings. Pastel drawings describe works in which the entire surface area is not covered in pastel. Instead, there is a noticeable amount of paper or underlying surface showing through. These works have much more in common with drawings or sketches.Working with pastels is not quite as straightforward as the other mediums we're exploring on this website. Using them is easy enough, but there are several pros and cons which need to be considered when deciding whether to work with pastels, especially in terms of health precautions. Before we get into that, here's a quick overview of the basic characteristics of pastels.
There are many reasons to work with pastels, because they are gratifying in lots of ways. With pastels, you can achieve a wonderfully luscious, velvety texture. The deep, rich colors are easy to blend and when used well, they can have a splendid luminosity. Another advantage is that you don't need a lot of tools to work with pastels, as you would with paints.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
The cons for working with pastels are mainly related to the fact that the pastel particles are never fixed or set in place. The biggest concern is the inhalation of pastel dust. As you rub the pastels onto the surface, inevitably tiny pastel "dust" particles will float into the air. Therefore you must use pastels with proper ventilation - you might even want to wear a face mask or use an air purifier. Inhaled pastel particles can cause serious health problems.
Because pastels are not permanently fixed to the surface of the paper, they must be handled extremely carefully. Pastel art can be accidentally smudged all too easily. In addition, they can be quite messy on your fingers, hands, clothes, and work area. Pastel art cannot be properly "fixed" with a fixative spray without dulling and darkening the color, so it is advised to use the fixative sparingly, if at all. Most fixatives are toxic, so they must be used with proper ventilation. In order to ensure their longevity, pastels must be framed securely under glass.
These are all important points to consider when deciding whether or not to work in pastels. While the end result can be stunningly beautiful, it does take awareness and care to both safely create and safely store a pastel work of art.
Oil pastels are another type of pastel that contain pigment with a wax binder and a non-drying oil. The waxiness of oil pastels is similar to the waxy quality of crayons, only more sophisticated! To learn more about techniques for oil pastels as a fine art medium, visit the website of oil pastel artist Robert Sloan.
Do you want to learn more about pastel techniques? You can ask your questions on Pastel Forum at The Art Colony. Read previous questions that people have asked to pick up some useful pastel tips!When you purchase one of our recommended products you're helping to support this site! Thanks in advance.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
When you think of patterns in art, abstract designs may pop into your head. But this doesn't mean that patterns only appear in abstract art – they can be a part of a wide variety of art styles, even including photorealism. On this page I'll show you several examples of how I use patterns in my artwork, to give you ideas of how you can also incorporate patterns into your art.Acrylic Painting by Thaneeya McArdleFirst: What is a pattern?In art, a pattern is a repetition of specific visual elements.The dictionary.com definition of "pattern" is:We subconsciously enjoy looking at patterns because they embody a sense of harmony. Perhaps that is why patterns feature so promNavajo blanketPatterns in art appear in many art forms around the world, from the detailed geometric Islamic motifs to the symmetrical patterns on woven Najavo blankets to the contemporary art designs you'll see on this page. Every culture has its own distinct set of folk patterns that appear on textiles, architecture, manuscripts, masks, and other objects.Patterns in contemporary art can add a strong element of interest to a painting, drawing or mixed media piece. In many cases, patterns form the main element of interest in a composition.Click here to learn how to draw patterns step by step!    If you want to learn about several ways you can incorporate patterns into your art, read on!Let's start off by taking a look at some of my abstract art, where I use patterns a lot.In fact, pattern is one of the main visual elements used by abstract artists (along with color, form, line and texture) to create compelling compositions.Check out this painting below:Acrylic Painting by Thaneeya McArdleThe patterns are pretty obvious, right?This abstract acrylic painting features several rows of patterns – some simple and some complex. For example, the orange circles at the top are very simple compared to the elaborate multi-colored mandala patterns in the center of the painting.This is the most straightforward use of patterns in art – rows of repeating elements. Even though the formula is fairly simple, the painting is still eye-catching and compelling because of the bright colors and the variation of simple and complex patterns.Here's another abstract painting with patterns that are even more simple:Abstract Acrylic Painting by Thaneeya McArdleLike the previous painting, this one also features rows of patterns - although they are more subtle and less detailed than the previous one.Can you identify the patterns in this painting?From top to bottom, look at:Most of these patterns are separated from other another by a line or expanse of plain color. This helps break up the space and soften the impact of the patterns, especially when contrasted with the previous painting above this one.Now, let's take a look at circular, or concentric rows of patterns:Mandala Painting by Thaneeya McArdleAt first glance, this painting may seem more complicated than the previous two, but that's just because the designs are circular. This mandala painting is still based on rows of patterns – it's just that the rows are now circular, or concentric.Notice the patterns in this painting by starting in the middle and working your way outwards:Do you see how when you break down a painting like this, into its individual components, something that at first looked complicated is actually quite simple?It's fun to "unravel" paintings in this way!Let's look at another abstract painting:Small Abstract Acrylic Painting by Thaneeya McArdleThis painting is quite similar to the previous one, except there are two different mandalas, and you only see ¼ of each because each mandala is tucked into a corner.I'm sure you can easily work out the patterns in this one!Now let's take a look at a more freeform version of patterns in art:Abstract Acrylic Painting by Thaneeya McArdleThis painting differs from the previous ones because it does not contain rows of patterns - instead, the patterns are more free-flowing, looping and swirling playfully on the canvas.Can you point out the patterns in the painting above? They cover the entire canvas in their looping, swirling way. Most of the patterns involve circles, lines, bumps, waves and triangles.Here's a similar painting (below) full of free-flowing patterns:  Acrylic Abstract Painting by Thaneeya McArdleIn the painting above, which pattern stands out the most?You'll probably agree that the black and white pattern snaking through the composition looks really bold compared to the multi-colored patterns.That's another thing to consider when making patterns in art: do you want certain patterns to stand out more than others, and if so, how can you do that?Elements like color and complexity will play a large part in which patterns in art are more eye-catching than others.Another way to paint patterns in art is to arrange them in a blocky composition:Acrylic Painting by Thaneeya McArdleThe painting above contains many different patterns grouped together in a "blocky" way, almost like a quilt.So now you've seen four ways to make patterns in abstract art:Now let's look at abstract patterns in art that also incorporate elements of realism:Acrylic Painting by Thaneeya McArdleThe acrylic painting above is a combination of my abstract art and photorealistic art, a style which I have termed composite art or composite realism.Look at how I've used pattern in art in this piece:The photorealistically-painted sheep stands in front of a colorful abstract background that is filled with flowing patterns. Towards the top of the canvas, I painted a horizontal row containing an elegant yellow pattern in front of pink, crimson and violet stripes.Think about how the abstract patterns relate to the realism of the sheep.Here's another one, with less intense patterns:Acrylic Painting by Thaneeya McArdleThe painting above depicts a photorealistically-painted oscar fish in front of an abstract background.There are three patterned elements in this piece:The patterns at the top and bottom are more spaced out that most of the patterns I've shown you on this page, which lends them a sense of quiet charm.The white and yellow pattern in the middle is quite detailed, but since the color of the pattern (white) so closely matches the color of the background (yellow), it still has a sense of spaciousness, which really brings the oscar fish to the foreground and makes him the center of attention.Here is another painting from the same series:Acrylic Painting by Thaneeya McArdleAnother way to use patterns in art is to make the pattern provide an area for something to stand on, like in the painting above.A small strip of green grass rests on top of a light blue area with a simple pattern along the bottom. There is a more complex pattern along the top of the painting.So far we've looked at my acrylic paintings. Now let's look at some of my drawings that incorporate the use of patterns:Colored pencil drawing by Thaneeya McArdleThe drawing above follows a similar concept to the painting with the cow, because the robin is perched on top of an abstract pattern.The floral pattern forms the background, and the lines of musical notes at the top form another pattern.Notice the different sizes of the patterns above: the top and bottom patterns are fairly detailed, while the middle pattern, which takes up the most space, is larger and less detailed. This helps the robin stick out more in the foreground.Here's another colored pencil drawing that uses pattern:Colored Pencil Drawing by Thaneeya McArdleIn the drawings above and below, simple patterns form borders around the edges of each drawing.In the frog drawing above, the frog is behind the border (but some of the other objects overlap the border).In the cockatoo drawing below, the bird is in front of the border (and everything else is inside it).In each of these two drawings, there are also patterns formed by letters and numbers.Colored Pencil Drawing by Thaneeya McArdleI hope this page gives you some ideas of how you can use patterns in art, from abstract art to realist art. Patterns in art can add such a strong visual interest that it's worth exploring how you can incorporate patterns into your own art!Learn how to draw patterns step by step in this easy drawing tutorial! I'll show you how to draw 4 different patterns, plus tell you the secret to making up your own patterns off the top of your head.This fun and easy Henna Hand Designs art lesson shows you how to make a funky self-portrait featuring your very own hands and a wonderful array of detailed patterns - inspired by mehndi!Click here to read more about composite art – art that embraces more than one style, such as the animal paintings and drawings here that combine abstraction and photorealism.Click to return to the Abstract Art Table of Contents, where you can...If you like my abstract art, check out my printable Abstract Coloring Book with 20 pages of intricate abstract line art to fill in with COLOR!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Colchester Castle, UK.Pen, ink & wash by Sue PownallThe realistic pen and ink artwork of Sue Pownall portrays the essence of her surroundings as she travels around the world, exploring locations as diverse as the UK, Italy, Qatar, Oman, Sudan, South Korea, and the US (to name just a few!). Sue's perceptive eye captures the nuances of each culture she explores, from the Pharoah statues of Sudan to the stone churches of rural Italy. Sue's sketchbook is her constant companion on her daily outings as she sketches the details that give each location its particular flavor: the people, architecture, animals, natural scenery, and objects that are part of everyday life. In addition to sketching with pen and ink, Sue often adds watercolor washes to her line work to bring color to her art, such as you see in the artwork to the right.This fascinating interview provides an inside glimpse into Sue's artistic process. Be sure to click on her drawings so that you can view the amount of detail in her pen and ink artwork up-close.A Saiq window. Pen & ink 260x 260 mm. © Sue Pownall 2011Click on the image above to view a larger version showing more detail.How long have you been an artist?Giraffe by Sue PownallI have always drawn since my mum and dad gave me my first crayon and piece of paper, and only once drew on something I shouldn't have - mum's cookbook. I attended art college in Colchester then Plymouth, UK way-back-when and then worked as a graphic designer for about 8 years until I left the formal art world. After that, I continued to sketch and produce the occasional finished artwork in a limited way until September 2009 when I returned to being an artist and illustrator.How did you learn to draw in pen and ink?It was at art college that I really focused on drawing with all types of ink pens, but I mainly had to teach myself the techniques through reading art books and emulating artists I liked as the majority of my lecturers were painters. A great influence was a college printing course where I learnt to etch and yearned to be the next Albrecht Dürer. Unfortunately / fortunately I found the process too slow and liked the relative immediacy of drawing with pen & ink better.Pen and ink artwork with wash, created on site.Temple of Athena by Sue PownallWhat is your favorite subject matter to draw?I prefer to draw buildings and landscapes for finished pieces of work. However, when I sketch, which I also do in ink or ink and watercolour, I draw people and more buildings.Do you usually work from a photograph or from real life, or both?When I sketch it is always from life, for example I draw people at sporting events and cafés, or even my feet when watching TV. However, when I do a finished piece it is generally from a photo that I have taken, although I sometimes have to find reference photos on-line. For the recent exhibition I took part in, I successfully experimented and used one of my sketches along with a photo of the subject. (See artwork below.)15th Street Mosque, Khartoum. Pen & ink 400x200mm © Sue Pownall 2010.Click on the artwork above to view a larger version with greater detail.In Oman:View of Al Khuwair, Oman. Notice Sue's ink sketch on the ledge.Ink sketch of Al Khuwair, drawn on-site by Sue PownallIn Italy:Sketching an arch at a church in Pollenzo, ItalyAdding colour to the line sketchColoured sketch of Chiesa di San Vittore in Pollenzo, Italy. by Sue PownallWhy does pen and ink appeal to you as a fine art medium?From an early age I was aware of a pen drawing of my grandmother's farm hung in my parents' house and I wanted to be able to copy it. Since then I have enjoyed trying to produce my impression of subjects in a tonal way. Also, I like the fact that once a mark is made there is no going back unlike other mediums where you can just erase or paint a mistake out. Finally, I like the fact that pen and ink is a medium that is neglected and so my work stands out from the sea of colour.Shropshire Hen House. Pen & ink. 245x165mm. © Sue Pownall 2011Click on the image above to view a larger version showing more detail.Are there any challenges to working with pen and ink?As I mentioned in the last question, if you make a mistake with a pen you have to work with it as it is irreversible. You have to incorporate it somehow into the overall image or start again. Also, paper can cause a problem; if it is too porous it drinks up the ink and if it is not smooth enough you cannot get a good line quality. Do you work in any other media?Coloured sketch of Italian church on hill, by Sue PownallYes I use watercolours, often as line and wash but also alone. Also, just for fun I experiment with acrylics.What's your favorite brand of pen for creating pen and ink drawings?I generally use Staedtler Pigment Liners in 0.05 up to 0.5 for finished pieces. For sketching, I prefer the Staedtler 0.1 or any fine pen I can get my hands on.What brand of watercolors do you use?Winsor & Newton half-pans in a travel set plus W&N Payne's Grey in a tube.Do you have any tips for people who would like to learn how to draw in pen and ink?Practice, practice, practice. Ignore lines that are in the wrong place and work around them. Use drawing tutorials and books to try the different techniques. There are very few workshops given on pen & ink, so it is often a matter of self-study, because of that I am contemplating setting up a workshop either online or for small groups to learn the basics.Khalifa's House Gate, Omdurman. Pen & ink 400x 200 mm. © Sue Pownall 2010Click on the image above to view a larger version showing more detail.Where can people find your pen and ink artwork online?I blog my sketches and finished work at http://artofanomad.blogspot.com.I also have a facebook page where people can see my latest work and read my art news.I am also a member of Urban Sketchers, a blog featuring sketches by various artists that are sketched on location around the world.Feering Manor. 295x210 pen & ink. © Sue PownallClick on the image above to view a larger version of the pen and ink artwork showing more detail.Many thanks to Sue Pownall for sharing her pen and ink artwork and artistic process with us! Be sure to check out her blog to see more of her pen and ink artwork.Sue is currently accepting commissions, so if you have a photo you would like her to render in pen and ink or pen, ink and wash, send her a message!Learn more about pen and ink drawings by returning to the Pen and Ink Artwork Main Page. Learn about pen and ink techniques, pen and ink materials, and discover other pen and ink artists!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Aside from pencil, pen and ink drawings are probably the most portable, convenient, and low-cost form of artmaking. All you need is a pen and a piece of paper, and you're ready to make art!Nearly everyone has doodled with a pen in the margins of their paper. Drawing with pens can be as fun and easy as that!There are many types of pens available for drawing, such as:Any of these types of pens can be used to create fine art!Each type of pen will result in a different quality of line. The kind of pen you prefer will depend on the type of line you would like to create, bearing in mind such qualities as thickness or thinness of the line, and fluidity versus control. The kind of pen you choose will also depend upon the type of art you want to create, in terms of style and subject.I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.My four favorite pens are currently the Prismacolor Premier Illustration Markers, Sakura Pigma Micron Pens, Staedtler Pigment Liner Pens, and Spectrum Noir Artliner Pens. These are the pens that I use to create my ink drawings. They come in a variety of nib thicknesses. I especially love the super tiny nibs (.005), because they allow for lots of detail. However, it is really handy having the thicker ones for filling in lots of space! Therefore, I would recommend having a range of nib sizes. If you are using only one color ink on paper, you'll basically be working in two colors: the color of your ink, and the color of your paper. Each will play off the other. In pen and ink drawings, the blank space is just as important as the markings you make with the pen. Therefore, you need to pay as much attention to what's going on in the background as you are to what you're doing with the pen. If you are more accustomed to working in color, this will require a different way of thinking and creating art than you might be used to.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
There are many different types of art paper that you can use for your pen and ink drawings. In addition to the many varieties of drawing paper on the market, you can also use papers that are designed for painting as well as drawing. For instance, watercolor paper is great for pen and ink drawings, especially if you plan to do watercolor washes under or over the ink drawing. Printmaking papers, illustration board and bristol board also work well.Some interesting papers you may want to experiment with are: Yupo, vellum, colored paper, metallic paper, papyrus, Nepalese Lokta papers, Japanese paper and/or handmade paper.
Feel free to think outside the box. If you're not concerned about longevity, you can create art on a variety of unconventional surfaces, such as the inside of a cereal box, cash register receipts, vintage book pages or postcards, etc. Traditionally, these types of surfaces were not recommended for making "fine art" - one reason being the high acidity levels of these papers, which means the paper would yellow and deteriorate over time. These days, anything goes in contemporary art, so these issues are less of a concern. However, if you do want to take the extra step to ensure longevity, there are archival sprays on the market that can neutralize the acidity in such papers. So you've got your paper and pen. What else might come in handy for your ink drawings? There are a few other materials that you might consider keeping on hand whilst working on your pen and ink drawing:
To help fund this site, I receive a small commission from purchases made via the links below.
There are many different drawing papers available for creating pen and ink artwork. Learn about several different kinds of art paper that you can use to make your pen and ink drawings!Learn about the best drawing pens for fine artists. Find out why you should use archival pens if you want your pen and ink art to last a long time!Check out these Frequently Asked Questions (and answers!) from readers interested in pen and ink artwork.How to create value in pen and ink drawingsMost people are somewhat familiar with the process of shading with a pencil, but not everyone knows how to do it with a pen. Learn the basic techniques for creating value in pen and ink drawings.Check out the detailed pen & ink drawings of Eli Helman. In this exclusive interview, he discusses the process and inspiration behind his elaborate pen and ink art.View the realistic pen and ink artwork of Sue Pownall, created on site as she travels the world!Victim of accidental ink spillage? Learn how to remove ink stains!Got a question about working in pen and ink? This handy FAQ about pen and ink techniques contains questions and answers from pen and ink artists like you. Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
These printable coloring pages provide the perfect excuse to get out your markers or colored pencils and feel like a kid again!Coloring isn't just for kids anymore. These coloring pages are so detailed that it can take you hours to complete just one page. And the best thing?Once you download these fun coloring pages onto your computer, you can print them as many times as you want! This means you don't have to worry about coloring them in "perfectly" on your first try. It also means you can experiment with different media and different color schemes!The coloring pages are available as e-books only, which means you print the pages on your own printer. After purchase, you will receive an email with a download link so you can access these pages ASAP and get coloring right away! Since these are e-books, you won't receive any hard copies in the mail. For more info about printable coloring pages, click here.If you're interested in a hard-copy book, check out Thaneeya's Published Coloring Books.There are currently 6 printable coloring books available. Click for more info.These printable coloring books are filled with the hand-drawn art of Thaneeya McArdle (that's me!). I create these drawings from scratch using good old-fashioned pencil and paper. Then I carefully draw over the pencil lines with black ink and scan the drawing into the computer. One by one, the drawings add up to form a totally cool coloring book that you can download and enjoy!"Printable coloring pages" are a collection of line drawings that are delivered to you digitally as a PDF file. They're similar to the regular "pre-printed" coloring pages that you can buy in shops - but they're better!Here's why:No need to worry about messing up that one precious page, or stressing over what colors to use, when you can simply print out a new page and start afresh whenever you want.This opens the door to all kinds of possibilities and experiments - from changing the colors you use to playing around with different media!This means you can print on museum-quality archival watercolor paper, on fabric, on sticker paper, on canvas, and more!You control the quality of the paper. When you use store-bought coloring books, you're stuck coloring on whatever type of paper they give you, which is usually acidic paper that will turn yellow over time.Plus, store-bought coloring books often include double-sided pages that force you to choose between the front or the back, because the colors will bleed through. Printable coloring pages give you much more freedom!Most coloring books in stores are meant for kids. Not these! These coloring pages were designed with adults and teens in mind.Bottom line? All of these perks means you get excellent value for your money!If you haven't colored since you were a kid, maybe it's time to treat yourself!When you color, you're giving yourself permission to sit back and let your mind drift while you focus your attention on colors and shapes, feeling the movement of your hand across the paper, as you watch the line drawing come alive.It's the perfect de-stresser, after a hectic day – or even right in the middle of a busy schedule! If you take time out and spend just 5-10 minutes coloring, even those few minutes can be enough to center yourself and get re-energized.These coloring pages are very portable. All you need is a single printed page and a handful of colors and you're good to go!There are so many reasons why people enjoy coloring. Here are just a few...It is my aim with these printable coloring pages to provide you with a fun starting point for self-expression. When you color my line drawings, it's like a groovy collaboration between you and me, resulting in a super cool and totally unique piece of art!Ready to color? Hop back up and check out my printable coloring pages!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
The quirky realistic drawings of Karen Hull depict cute scenes of whimsy and charm. Her delightful art often features fanciful scenes such as squirrels blowing bubbles and chimps playing chess. Created with a deft hand, Karen's whimsical drawings appear seamlessly real, even though they sprouted from her imagination.Karen also excels in drawing lifelike portraits of people and pets in a range of media, such as colored pencils, pastels, graphite, charcoal and digital media. It seems like there's nothing that Karen can't capture accurately. What's even more inspirational is that award winning artist Karen Hull is entirely self-taught, and she willingly shares her art knowledge with others.Check out this fascinating interview with Karen to learn more about her quirky realistic drawings, as well as her art-making process! Where are you from?I was born in Melbourne Australia, and thoughout my life have lived in Victoria, Tasmania, Queensland and most recently have lived in Sydney, NSW for the last 15 years with my husband and four wonderful sons.How long have you been an artist? Did you always know you were an artist?I first picked up pencils earlier than I can remember and because my Mum has always been artistic I loved nothing more than to watch her draw and to try to imitate what she did. I spent my childhood drawing constantly and my favourite gift at Christmas and Birthdays was a new pack of pencils. However, upon leaving school I took up nursing (at that stage, I never considered doing art on a full-time basis), got married, had four kids and for the next 22 years, I rarely picked up a brush or pencil, although I was always creative, enjoying crafts such as needlework in my spare time.Five years ago we went on a family holiday to Tasmania, where we visited numerous galleries which motivated me to pick up my paint brushes and pencils and to really explore art again. Over the next couple of years I spent every spare moment researching, reading art books, browsing on-line and experimenting with mediums and subject matter.Initially, I focused entirely on doing miniature art as this art form fascinated me, but over time I found this highly detailed and concentrated style was hard on the eyes, and so whilst I still work in smaller format art, I have moved away from the tiny pieces. The demand for commissions and my art took off more than I had predicted which allowed me to make the decision two years ago to leave nursing and pursue art on a full-time basis.Do you have an art education or are you self-taught?Apart from watching my Mum, who had a natural gift for art, from a very early age, I am entirely self-taught.How long does it take you to create an 8x10 inch colored pencil drawing, such as Goddess of Autumn, pictured below? 'Goddess of Autumn' probably took about 2 days to complete (approx 16 hours). Because I still have four boys at home (ranging in age from 7 to 20 years of age), I have to work my art around family commitments, so I tend to work in staggered shifts, grabbing a couple of hours here or there and working right through to late at night.How long does it take you to create a 29cm x 29cm coloring pencil drawing on wood, such as What About Me? pictured below?'What about Me?' took around 3-4 days to complete. (approx 24 hours)How long does it take you to create a 2.5 x 3.5 inch colored pencil drawing, such as Bette Davis Eyes pictured below?Most of my 2.5x3.5 inch artworks (drawings) took around 8 hours to complete.What inspires you? Where do you get your ideas for your art?I am inspired by other artists, books, the internet, the world around me and more often than not I wake up with an idea in my head (sometimes in the middle of the night) and I have no idea where it has come from but I know that I just have to draw it.Who are some artists you admire?There are so many artists and styles of art that I admire - I love the old world illustrations of Beatrix Potter, the lighting and scenery of Thomas Kinkade, the 70's style portraits of Sara Moon, the miniature wildlife art of the Siegrists. There are just so many amazing artists that are a constant source of inspiration and there really are too many to mention.What is your favorite medium (if any) and why?My all-time favourite medium is coloured pencils - they are so versatile, clean, immediate, portable, the list goes on and on.What are some challenges of working with coloured pencils?Achieving a smooth look with coloured pencils is something I am constantly striving for, and is probably the biggest challenge for any coloured pencil artist. Some coloured pencil artists like to allow the texture of the surface show through, but I like to aim for a seamless look and wherever possible, I like to leave people wondering if my artwork really has been done with coloured pencils. I feel coloured pencils are such an undervalued medium, and I hope through my art to give people a greater appreciation of what can be achieved.
Let's take an inside peek into how Karen creates her realistic drawings! In the images below you can see the steps Karen used to create a realistic cat drawing using colored pencils on mat board.
If you want to learn Karen's techniques for creating her whimsical realistic drawings, check out her downloadable art tutorials!
She starts with an outline of her subject.The eyes are colored in first......and then she begins work on the fur.She progresses around the face, layering the colored pencils......and the drawing is complete!Click here to check out Karen's tutorials on her website.Karen's art is available on tons of cuteitems, such as this postage stamp!Do you use a fixative on your drawings?I do prefer to fix all my drawings - it gives me piece of mind that they won't smudge and hopefully won't produce any wax bloom. A lot of my works on wood are sprayed with three coats of fixative, followed by 3-4 coats of varnish and are then left unframed.Do you have any tips for people who would like to create realistic drawings in a quirky style?I love to have fun with art and I find my most popular artworks are those where I relaxed, and just drew what I wanted to, without thought for what would sell, or might win awards. So much art today is so very serious, or political, or tries to say something important. The greatest compliment anyone can give me is that my artwork brought a smile to their face, so my greatest piece of advice is to have fun and to draw what makes you happy.Many thanks to Karen for such an awesome interview, and for sharing her quirky realistic drawings with us!You can see much more of Karen's art at her website, www.miniatureartbykhull.com.Karen's artwork can be purchased at her Etsy shop. She also has a range of delightful goodies featuring her quirky realistic drawings, such as mousepads, mugs, cards, stickers and more, available at her zazzle shop.If you're interested in learning Karen's techniques, check out her helpful tutorials which you can download for a small fee. You can also follow along with Karen's progress on her blog.Karen accepts commissions from private individuals as well as organizations and businesses, so if you'd like Karen to create a custom work of art just for you, click here to find out more about it!The drawings above and below are just two examples of the types of realistic drawings that Karen can create for you.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
It goes without saying that for a photorealist painting, you'll need a good reference photo to work from. This page will provide you with tips about taking reference photos as well as how to use them when you are working.If you're setting up a still life arrangement, take a ton of reference photos of the set-up from many different angles, even angles that are similar but minutely different. It's hard to tell from the screen of a digital camera how the resulting picture will really look. So take at least 1-2 dozen photos. This is important! When you look at them later on your computer screen, the subtle differences between the reference photos will be more noticeable. You'll be able to see the things that work, and the elements that didn't. At least one of the compositions will jump out at you as The One. If not, retake the photos! Don't settle for using a photo that you only feel half-confident about or half-interested in. There's no point in spending a lot of time on a photorealist painting if the picture isn't exactly as you want it.Another tip: photograph objects that interest you. I paint cupcakes, candy, toys and currency because these images appeal to me on a visual level. I like the levels of detail necessary to recreate a dollar bill or the tiny lettering on a candy wrapper. Choose objects that appeal to you, because you will be spending a lot of time staring at those objects!Whatever photo you choose, make sure it is absolutely crisp and clear. This is important, since your task will be to replicate the photo, and most photorealist paintings have a strong sense of clarity and focus. Although if you want, you can plan to work with an out-of-focus, pixelated or fuzzy image. This is actually another possibility, since replicating all the elements of a reference photo is the essential focus of photorealist painting. It's up to you!I recommend getting a good, glossy print of the photo at the exact size that your painting will be. For instance, don't use a tiny 4" x 6" print if your painting will be 16" x 20". You'll need the same size print so that you can see the exact amount of detail that you'll need to recreate on the canvas. These days you can get large poster-size reference photos printed at affordable prices and they are well-worth the cost for painting photorealistically.You should hang this print next to your canvas, or even behind it, with only the portion you are currently working on poking out. See the example below. In this case, this set-up would be ideal for working on the images in the top part of the painting. When you are done working on this section, move the painting and/or photo so that you can easily see a different part of the photo. Don't worry about poking tiny thumbtack holes in the reference photo - just put the thumbtacks in an area where there is not a lot of visual information.If working on a large scale, you may want to print a few small (4" x 6") close-up photos of your photograph, so that you can tape these to your canvas as you work on certain parts of the painting. (See picture below.) Be sure to use artist tape that is specifically meant for such use. The tape is often blue, archival and peels off easily without leaving any residue.In the example above, the small photo, which is exactly to scale, is gently taped to the surface of the painting right above the section to be worked on. I repeat: be sure to use archival artists' tape for this, because it is acid-free and peels off easily without leaving any residue. Do not use regular masking tape!You will also need a paper photocopy or inkjet paper print of the image. The size of this print depends on how you plan to transfer the image onto your work surface, which we'll cover in the Part 2 of the Step-by-Step Guide to Painting Photorealistically: Transferring the Photo
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
3M Scotch Artist Tape adheres strongly to your work surface, yet removes easily and cleanly, leaving no residue behind. Ideal for temporarily taping reference photos to the surface of your canvas or panel while you work!Painter's Tape is a good, strong tape that won't harden or leave behind any adhesive residue. Don't leave it on forever though - take it off after 10-14 days. This is the tape I use most frequently.Read a current and historical overview of Photorealist painting techniques and methods. It is beneficial to familarize yourself with this information before you embark on your own journey to create photorealistic paintings.Familiarize yourself with the Photorealist art movement by reading my overview of Photorealism.
To help fund this site, I receive a small commission from purchases made via the links below.
Hyper Real: The Passion of the Real in Painting and Photography
The Realism Challenge: Drawing and Painting Secrets from a Modern Master of Hyperrealism
Super RealismSign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Need to remove ink stains? Pens, markers, and bottles of ink are all at risk for accidental spillage, especially for avid pen and ink artists!First: be aware that there is no “one size fits all” technique for removing ink stains, because the composition of the ink will vary depending on what type of pen or marker caused the stain. A Copic marker stain will differ from a fountain pen ink stain, an Indian ink stain or a gel pen stain, for example. Additionally, ink stains react differently depending on the type of fabric that it’s spilled onto - cotton, rayon, polyester, etc. For that reason, I’ve listed several different methods for ink stain removal on this page. Here we go!Here's how to remove ink stains from your clothes or other fabrics:If that technique doesn't help you remove ink stains, you can try this alternate method for removing ink stains with rubbing alcohol:Rubbing alcohol is the #1 method for DIY ink stain removal. But if rubbing alcohol doesn’t remove your stubborn stain, here are a few more techniques you can try:Be patient and persistent when tackling those pesky ink stains – it may take several applications, or several techniques, before the stain comes out.Water-based ink stains are the easiest to remove if caught early. Permanent ink, on the other hand, is called “permanent” for a reason – it is very difficult to remove. You can try, and depending on the amount of permanent ink that was spilled and the type of cloth, you may be able to remove it… but in many cases, the best you’ll be able to do is lighten it.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
If the stain still doesn’t come out, take it to a professional cleaner who has specialized products and techniques to remove ink stains... or try a commercial ink stain removal products, such as Kiss-Off Stain Remover to remove ink stains. In fact, Kiss-Off Stain Remover is handy to have around if you are an artist, because it can be used to clean ink stains, paint stains, and more. For general studio clean-up, environmentally-friendly cleaning products such as EZ Air Studio Cleaner or Simple Green All-Purpose Cleaner are also handy for removing ink stains, as well as other cleaning uses.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Here's a fun sketchbook assignment for art students, artists, travelers, and anyone who would like to keep a daily visual record of their thoughts, impressions and surroundings.If you'd like to......then this Daily Visual Diary sketchbook assignment is for you! Even if you only have 15 minutes a day to draw and sketch, you can participate in this sketchbook assignment. This project is very versatile, so you can adapt it to suit your needs and your style.Here's how it goes:First, create a grid in any size you want, as long as it takes up a whole page in your sketchbook. You can draw a "normal" grid, like this:...or if straight lines and edges aren't your thing, you can get creative and make a grid out of different shapes!Here is a grid I made out of irregular squares and circles:As you can see, you can interpret the "grid" in any way you want! Have fun with it. In my grid, the shapes don't even touch one another, and that's totally okay.Now that you've drawn your grid (or conglomeration of shapes), your sketchbook assignment is to fill in each of the squares or shapes one day at a time. By filling in one shape at a time, you thus create a visual diary of exactly where you were at that certain intersection of space and time. Start with any shape you want - some people like going in a linear manner, starting from the top left and moving straight across before moving onto the next row. Others, like me, choose a random shape and fill it in on a whim:For my first drawing, I doodled a star design inside a square. I considered this my "warm-up drawing", to get me in the groove for this sketchbook assignment.The next day, I picked another random square and drew something more representional - the top of a mountain as I sat on a bench in Switzerland:Although it can be fun to fill in a different part of the grid each day, I have to admit that I didn't manage to keep that schedule for this sketchbook assignment. Here's what I did instead:I carried this grid with me in my sketchbook as I traveled across 3 continents and 1 ocean: from Switzerland to Italy to England, then across the Atlantic on a ship, then from Florida to Australia. The journey took 4 months in total and whenever the moment felt right, I pulled out my sketchbook and added to the grid.The result is a visual diary that captures my experience of each place, translated into imagery.As you can see, some drawings are abstract and others are more representational. I felt that the mixture of styles helped to embody my mood and state of mind at each particular juncture in time.Even if the final drawing doesn't "make sense" to anyone else, it speaks to me of my journey. When I look at this drawing, I see the frosty chisel of Alpine peaks, the top of Brunelleschi's dome, the inside of a Swiss lodge, Montepulciano at night, the churning of waves across the Atlantic, and the peaceful calm of Melbourne's Royal Botanic Gardens.The memories are crisp and specific, triggered by these simple 10-15 minute drawings.This sketchbook assignment is great because there is very little pressure involved. You don't have to be a "good" drawer, and you only need to spend 10-15 minutes on it per day. It's a fun ongoing project to keep on the side while you work on other projects and go about your daily life.All you need to participate in this sketchbook assignment is paper and a pencil. However, a sketchbook is more ideal because then the drawing will be safe from creasing or from getting lost, whereas a loose sheet of paper might easily get lost or damaged.After you finish filling in your grid, you can fill in the background (if there is one). For instance, I could brush black ink in the background of my grid (as shown above), which creates the feeling even more that each shape is a little portal (or porthole) into another world.You could color in the background in any way you want, using markers, pens, colored pencils, etc. Similarly, even though I did my sketchbook assignment in pencil, you could draw yours in markers, colored pencils, pens - whatever you fancy.Here's another idea: cut out each square of the grid and make a collage, or paste them onto handmade paper:Another idea is to create a painting in this manner. Divide a canvas into different sections, and work on one section per day.Or how about spending 10-15 minutes each day drawing on a small, 2" x 2" piece of paper. After a month, you will have 30 or so small drawings that you can stitch together to create a handmade art book.Drawing every day can be relaxing and therapeutic. Some people don't draw (as much as they would like to) because they think they don't have enough time. They worry that they would have nothing to show for it if they only spend a few minutes each day sketching.Well, if you carry out this sketchbook assignment, you'll end up with an intricate and inspiring grid full of art - a sizable achievement accomplished in little steps!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Surfaces for pastels can mean a whole range of materials because pastels are incredibly versatile. They can be used on almost any surface as long as there is enough tooth for the pastels to grip. Textured paper is the most popular surface for pastels, but you can also use boards, canvas, and even sandpaper. Let's take a look at some things you need to consider and then check out some products. We're going to cover: Tooth and Texture, Paper (Pastel Paper and Watercolor Paper), Pastel Board, and Canvas.The single most important consideration when selecting surfaces for pastels is tooth and texture. Tooth refers to the tiny bumps and valleys that you can feel and see on rough surfaces. Smooth paper, for example, has little to no tooth. This is vital because unlike other media, which will bind to the surface, pastel particles need tooth and texture to grip or they will slide right off. Tooth is also needed to shave the pigment from the pastel sticks. Without it, you'll find it hard to apply a lot of color.Super macro shot of pastel on textured paper.Paper is generally the best support for pastels, but as long as a surface has sufficient tooth and can survive some rubbing and blending, you can give it a try. Once these requirements are met you can have quite a bit of fun experimenting with unusual supports, thereby creating unique and distinctive effects.The degree of tooth can also affect certain types of techniques, such as layering, detail work, and blending:The amount of tooth determines how many layers of pastel can be applied. If the tooth is shallow, it may be filled by a single layer of pastel and when you try to add another layer on top, there won't be any tooth left for it to grip.When deciding on the degree of tooth or texture you want for your surface, you should also think about how detailed or textured your finished artwork will be. If you plan on doing precise details with hard lines and edges, you should consider a surface with less tooth. If you'll be applying a lot of color or think it will look cool to have texture showing through, you can opt for a rough surface.If you know you're going to be blending colors on the support, you should avoid very rough textures because they will inhibit blending. When it comes to finding the right texture or degree of tooth for your style, it's often a case of finding the right balance: enough tooth for the pastels to grip but not so rough that you find you're restricted. As you gain experience you'll find supports that fit your needs.
There are ways to add texture to paper (or any support) by priming it with gesso mixed with sand, or using something like Golden Pastel Ground (this links to Blick Art Materials, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that helps support this site). This is useful for artists who like to create their own personal textures. If you're a beginner, don't worry about this. There are plenty of textured products available commerically.
Having discussed some of the attributes you should consider when buying surfaces for pastels, let's take a look at some of the products that are available.
Paper is the most popular surface for pastels because it's relatively cheap and it gives you so many options. You can buy paper in different thicknesses, weights, colors, textures, and forms (sheets, pads, rolls). It's easy to cut and is very light, which makes for easy transport. You can also choose between archival paper that will allow you to create permanent artworks, or dirt-cheap varieties that are great for practice.The texture of the paper is important, but it must also be tough enough to withstand the rubbing, blending and erasing techniques that are used frequently with pastels. For this reason, very absorbent paper and fragile papers (like silk papers) are not suitable. The strongest papers are made from 100% cotton (also called rag paper), which is acid-free and has been treated to prevent it from yellowing over time.It's common for pastel artists to use colored or toned paper, especially when using a limited range of pastel colors.The color of paper is frequently used by pastel artists to create a number of subtle effects. You can select paper that harmonizes with your pastel colors and has the effect of unifying the artwork. Or you can purposely contrast the paper color with the pastels to create interesting atmospheric moods.The tone of the paper refers to the lightness or darkness of any particular color. Light-toned paper will typically enhance and emphasize dark-toned pastels. You can also create dramatic effects by contrasting light pastels on dark-toned paper. Mid-toned papers are used most commonly with pastels because they provide a balanced, harmonious background.Listed below are different types of paper that are compatible with pastels. As long as they possess sufficient tooth and durability, your choice really comes down to personal preference.
Pastel paper, also called ingres paper, is textured paper that comes in a wide range of colors and tones. You can buy it in single sheets or in pad form. Some varieties have been sanded or treated to give them added texture.
If you're just starting out with pastels, I'd recommend you try Canson Mi-Teintes Drawing Paper because it's cheap and versatile. It's textured enough for pastels but is also suitable for a range of other media (a handy trait when you're on a budget). After you're more familiar with pastels you can experiment with the heavier, more textured varieties of pastel paper, seen below.
I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.
Watercolor paper is also a suitable surface for pastels because it's strong and can be purchased in a range of textures. I'd recommend you buy artists' grade paper because it will be the most durable and is available in more textures. Depending on the techniques you'll be using, you should use cold-pressed (medium) or rough paper, and avoid the hot-pressed (smooth) varieties. If you're stuck with smooth paper, you can always treat it with Golden Pastel Ground to give it the "tooth" you need.
For more information check out my Watercolor Paper page.
The Recommended Products below are there to help you browse for art supplies, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that supports this site and keeps it FREE! Thanks in advance.
Pastel boards are made by mounting pastel paper or watercolor paper to a hard board, usually masonite. They are often sprayed or treated with fine particles of cloth or grit to enhance their tooth and texture. Pastel boards are more expensive than paper, but worth considering if you like using rough techniques that might damage paper.
Another option is to try an Ampersand Pastelbord, which has a clay surface that has been treated with fine marble dust granules for added texture. I did the cat painting below on an Ampersand Pastelbord and found it to be a pleasing surface to work on.
My pastel painting of a cat on an Ampersand Pastelbord.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
Canvas has the required texture to hold pastels so it's a worthy surface, especially if you want to paint a large artwork. You can buy pre-stretched canvas, canvas boards, rolls, and pads. These products are much more expensive than paper, especially if you choose top quality linen.
Be wary when buying pre-primed canvas because the tooth of the weave may be reduced by the gesso, resulting in a smooth surface not particularly suited to pastels. You can avoid this buy purchasing unprimed canvas or by priming the canvas again with Golden Pastel Ground which will provide tooth for the pastel particles to grip.
You can check out more art supplies for pastels and other media via the guide to buying art supplies. Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Transfer paper is one of the greatest inventions ever for artists. Most of us are familiar with carbon paper, where you place the sheet of carbon paper underneath your writing paper, and a copy of what you write is transferred to the sheet below. Well, transfer paper (also known as graphite paper) works in exactly the same way, only using graphite instead of carbon. I would not recommend using carbon paper for art purposes. Transfer paper that is designed specifically for artists is a lot cleaner than carbon paper. Transfer paper is greaseless, leaving behind less residue, and is easy to erase. It also comes in different colors.I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.Let me tell you about the wonders of graphite paper. Before I discovered transfer graphite paper, I used to spend hours drawing the images in the reference photo onto the canvas. I occasionally used the grid method, but mostly I pored laboriously over every detail in the original image, endeavoring to replicate the image exactly on the canvas. While it was artistically-rewarding and ego-gratifying, eliciting plenty of ooh's and aah's from everyone - it was also intensively time-consuming. By the time I learned about artist transfer paper, I had already proved to myself and others that I knew how to draw. I no longer needed to constantly prove my drawing skills with every single artwork that I made, so I felt comfortable transitioning to the use of artist graphite paper. Basically, artist graphite paper speeds up the art-making process, allowing me more time to spend conceptualizing and creating new works of art.There is no doubt that drawing skills are fundamentally important for any artist. All artists need to know how to draw - how to render what they see. But once you get to the stage where you are comfortable with your skills, when you feel you really know how to draw, it's perfectly acceptable to use artist's tools such as graphite paper, the grid method or projectors. They are artist tools, just like a paintbrush is a tool. Anyone can pick up a paintbrush, but not everyone can create a masterpiece. Anyone can use graphite paper to "trace" an image, but what happens after that (and even the tracing itself) depends upon the skill level of the artist. More importantly, no one can create the vision that you see inside your head - so it's up to you to put that brush to canvas and show the world what you see!Here is an example of a 4" x 6" reference photo taped to a 5" x 7" wood panel, with graphite paper in between:Here is how the above reference photo looks after tracing:Compare that with the photo of the reference image before the tracing, and you can see how much detail you need to capture. Especially take note of the lines on the right part of the shadow. All those lines signify subtle changes in the strength of the shadow. Make sure to record important pieces of visual information such as this!Here's how it looks when you remove the graphite paper:Take a close look at this painting in progress:The still life above is another example of how detailed you need to be. This painting is a work-in-progress of a silver gift bow on a plate with a bunch of colorful marbles. If you look closely, you can see the lines that were traced to form all the nuances of each marble. Some of the marbles are in various stages of being painted. Some only have a few dabs of paint here and there, whilst the ones closest to the silver bow contain more paint. So you can see how important it is to take note of each variation of color, light, shadow and form!You can see another example of the use of transfer paper in the artwork below. The main features of the bird have been marked using transfer graphite paper. These two work-in-progress images show how the visual information that is recorded by the transfer paper serve as visual pinpoints for the placement of each feather. The bird was then drawn in using Prismacolor Colored Pencils. You can see how the image progresses, followed by the completed drawing.If you're not sure whether you're pressing too hard or too soft, gently and carefully lift up a corner of the reference photo and transfer paper to see what's going on underneath. (Be careful to only lift up a tiny piece, because you don't want to throw everything out of alignment.) You need to use just the right amount of pressure. If you press too lightly, the image won't transfer very well. If you press too hard, the transferred lines may be too dark. Dark lines are not a problem if you are painting, as you can just paint over them, but the excess graphite will smudge when painted over. If you will be creating a drawing, then take care not to press too hard.When you're finished, slowly release the artist tape from the canvas, lifting each corner one by one. I recommend inspecting the tracing closely as you lift each corner. Leave one side still taped to the canvas to form a hinge (as in the cupcake example above), so that if you see some part that you may have overlooked, you can try to replace the graphite paper and reference photo and redo that area.Graphite paper can be smudgy, so wash your hands immediately after removing the paper from your canvas. You don't want extra smudgy fingerprints on your canvas (or clothes or anything else for that matter!).
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
Since graphite paper can be smudgy, the trace can be smudgy as well. Therefore if you're not planning to paint or draw on it right away, make sure to leave it someplace where it won't be disturbed and nothing will rub against it. One idea is to carefully wrap it in glassine and tape a piece of foamboard to the front of the piece, to act as a protective barrier.If the graphite is too dark upon your canvas or paper, simply use a kneaded rubber or other eraser to blot out the excess graphite. Really, all you need is a hint of a line to remind you what goes where. Dark lines aren't necessary!Likewise, don't allow dust to settle on your canvas, because if you try to wipe or brush off the dust, you'll smudge the graphite tracing. Big mess!You can reuse graphite paper a few times before the graphite wears out, so it's economical to save a sheet and use it a few times!
The Recommended Products below are there to help you browse for art supplies, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that supports this site and keeps it FREE! Thanks in advance.
To help fund this site, I receive a small commission from purchases made via the links below.
Making Art: Materials and Techniques for Today's Artist
The Artist's Handbook
101 Mixed Media TechniquesSign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
There are 10 types of easels that artists use, each with a slightly different purpose.If you want to buy an artist easel but you're not sure which type to get, this Handy Overview of Artist Easels will demystify the process! I'll explain the differences between the various types of artist easels, helping you figure out which artist easel is the best match for your needs.Here are the main types of easels for artists:Each type of easel has its own characteristics and uses, which makes each type specially suited to specific types of art-making processes.I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.
A-frame easels (also called Lyre easels) are triangular shaped easels with 3 legs – 2 in front and 1 in back. When you look at them head-on, the shape resembles the letter "A", hence the name. This triangle shape makes it easier to tuck the easel into a corner, if space is at a premium. These types of easels are easy to store because the rear leg can be pushed forward, which flattens the easel for storing in closets or whatnot. The price range for A-frame easels ranges from $50 - $250.
Depending on the specific model, A-frame easels can hold canvases as large as 38" to 75", and they can easily handle anything smaller. They are not as sturdy as H-frame easels or Giant easels, so if you typically work on a large scale, consider a different type of easel.
The Recommended Products below are there to help you browse for art supplies, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that supports this site and keeps it FREE! Thanks in advance.
H-Frame easels get their name because they are shaped like the letter "H". These types of easels usually have a strong base that makes them sturdier than A-Frame easels. The downside is that they take up more room and aren't as easy to fold up and hide (although there are some smaller models available for those who live in tight spaces.) If you have a dedicated studio space where you can leave your easel up indefinitely, then an H-Frame easel is well worth the investment. They can handle bigger canvases than A-Frame easels.
Depending on the specific model, some H-Frame easels have handy paint trays for storing art supplies. Some can also be collapsed for storage - although even in a collapsed state, an H-Frame easel will still be more clunky and bulky than an A-Frame easel. Many of them can handle canvases up to 84" – 96".The price range for H-Frame easels ranges from $90 - $1460.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
Giant easels are aptly named because they are designed for artists who work in a large scale. If you frequently work on canvases larger than 8 ft (what a doozy!) then a giant easel is for you. These types of easels are extra strong and sturdy, so they can support the extra weight and size of large canvases.
Depending on the specific model, giant easels can handle paintings up to 85" – 120" tall. Giant easels are bulky and heavy, so they are not easy to transport or store like most of the other types of easels. The price range for giant easels ranges from $300 - $1800.
To help fund this site, I receive a small commission from purchases made via the links below.
Convertible easels (also called hybrid easels) are one of the most fascinating types of easels because they can "convert" from being a normal easel to becoming a table top! This is handy for artists who work in a variety of media. For instance, acrylic and oil painters need to work with their paintings upright on an easel, while watercolor painters and pastel artists may prefer a more horizontal surface, like a table top. If you need both types of surfaces, this easel is perfect for you.
Depending on the specific model, convertible easels can handle paintings up to 84" tall. Some also include a paint tray for holding your supplies. Convertible easels are generally sturdier than A-frame easels, but they require more space. The price range for convertible easels ranges from $90 – $750.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
Single mast easels are simple and affordable. These types of easels are not as sturdy as H-Frame or even A-Frame easels, but they can get the job done for beginning artists, art students, or anyone who needs an easel that is easy to store.
Depending on the specific model, single mast easels can handle paintings up to 72" tall. The price range for single mast easels ranges from $42 - $600.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
Table top art easels are perfect for artists who work in a small scale. As the name suggests, these types of easels are small enough to place on a table top, which makes them very portable. Since they don't take up a lot of room, they can be easily stored away.
Tabletop art easels are available in A-Frame, H-Frame, and single mast designs. Some contain a drawer for holding art supplies, which is handy for artists who need to take their easel and supplies to and from home and school, for example. Depending on the specific model, some tabletop art easels can hold paintings up to 32" high. The price range for tabletop art easels ranges from $15 - $200.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
Plein air easels are designed to be taken outdoors. The best models are easy to carry and easy to set up. They have tripod legs, and are made from wood or aluminum. French-style plein air easels contain built-in drawers for painting supplies, and a shelf for holding a palette. Some can also carry canvases.
Depending on the specific model, some plein air easels can hold paintings up to 45" – 78" high. The price range for plein air easels ranges from $17 - $500.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
Bench easels are neat because they are a combination of an easel and a bench. This is really handy for plein air painters or artists giving demonstrations. They collapse into a portable position, so you can take them with you when you paint on-site, without needing to lug around an additional chair. The two models below have wheels for easy transport.
Depending on the specific model, some bench easels can hold paintings up to 24" high. The price range for bench easels ranges from $230 - $400.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
Display easels are meant for just that – display. These types of easels are not meant to be used for painting, because they are too flimsy. Also known as decorator easels, these easels include those that have unusual or whimsical designs, allowing for an aesthetically-pleasing presentation.
Depending on the specific model, some display easels can hold paintings up to 55" high. The price range for display easels ranges from $17 - $400.
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
Let us not forget our tiny tykes, our budding Picassos! Children's easels are usually adjustable, so they can grow along with your child. Some models are 2-sided, so that two kids can make art at the same time. Some also have chalkboards, magnetic boards and/or dry erase boards built-in, with a replaceable paper roll that dispenses the paper over the top of the board. The price range for children's easels ranges from $35 - $400.
Learn about other art supplies via the guide to buying art supplies page.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Understanding abstract art is easy: all it requires is an open mind and a big imagination. When you look at the painting on the left, what do you see?Swirling shapes, an array of colorful patterns... The path of a flowing river cutting through fields of lush vegetation... or maybe you see pure energy and cosmic flow?There is no right or wrong answer to this question. Abstract art is open to interpretation, and that is one of the beautiful things about it. Abstract art doesn't jump out and declare "THIS is what I'm all about." Instead, abstract art requires you to have an open, inquiring mind; you must enter the painting and see where it takes you. Abstract art gives you the freedom to explore the artwork and assign your own meaning to the piece. This intensely personal process enriches a viewer's experience of an artwork.Understanding abstract art does not come naturally for everyone. It is the kind of art that makes some people scratch their heads and say, "My 5-year old could do that." What people don't realize is that the best abstract artists have excellent drawing skills, a finely honed sense of composition, and a deep understanding of the workings of color. Most abstract artists have the ability to draw a perfectly rendered rose or a realistic portrait, but they choose not to. Instead they choose to express their creativity by creating a visual experience that is more free and unencumbered by the weight of objects.Abstract art can also make people uneasy because they don't automatically know what the art is "about" just by a cursory glance. Or they assume that because it doesn't look like anything, then it is not "about" anything. Abstract art doesn't contain recognizeable objects, so there is nothing to grasp or hold onto. This can be very confusing, even threatening, to some who are not used to assigning their own meaning to what they see before them.The truth is, abstract art is not "about nothing". At its basis, it is about form, color, line, texture, pattern, composition and process. These are the formal qualities of artwork, because they describe what the art looks like and how it is created. Abstract art is an exploration of these formal qualities. Meaning is derived from how these formal qualities are used to create a visual (and/or visceral, cerebral, emotional, etc) experience.Picasso has a point. Art can't be explained adequately in words, because it's influence on people is so personal and speaks to the nonverbal parts of our existence. Therefore, art is an experience. You must let go of your need to put things into words, and let the artwork take you somewhere... even lift you into higher spheres.You have to 'understand' abstract art with a different part of you, one that you may not normally use or be familiar with. Essentially, you must:Accept that it is what it is. Don't try to pinpoint an exact meaning for an image.Look at abstract art in the same way that you would listen to a symphony. When you listen to music, you don't try to hold on to the notes - you let them wash over you. Let your eyes wander over the painting the way the notes of a symphony wash over your soul. Let your eyes play with the painting, slipping around corners, following the twirls, twists and turns, dipping in and out of the surface. Let your eyes dance around the piece.Rather than trying to figure out what the painting looks like, just allow yourself to be taken in by the painting. See what emotions, sensations or memories emerge. Let your eyes relax and travel around the piece without expectation. Examine the colors, forms, materials, surface, and how they interact with each other. Take your time. Let the painting "speak" to you.Notice how the various elements like shape, color and form affect you. An intricately detailed, vibrant painting will affect you differently than a calm, cool Malevich.Take a look at the two artworks below. What are the differences in how they make you feel?Au printempsThaneeya McArdle Black SquareKasimir MalevichIt is best to see abstract art in person to truly get the full effect. This will help you immeasurably with understanding abstract art. You can't get the full impact of a piece of art from a small photo in a book or pixelated image online. In person, you can see up close the texture, size, stroke of the paintbrush, shine or matte of the surface. You can feel the strength of the painting from across the room. You can stand in the space the artist once occupied, and try to imagine his or her thoughts upon each stroke of the brush.Understanding abstract art requires an inventiveness that invites you to discover for yourself the meaning behind the work. It is not easy to grasp, like still lifes, portraits, or other form of representational art, because it is open to interpretation in a way that representational art is not.To read more about understanding abstract art, mosey along toUnderstanding Abstract Art, part 2.Click to return to the Abstract Art Table of Contents, where you can...If you like my abstract art, check out my printable Abstract Coloring Book with 20 pages of intricate abstract line art to fill in with COLOR!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Find out what watercolor painting supplies you'll need to begin painting with watercolors!  If you can't wait to get started with watercolor painting, be sure to read the info on this page so you know exactly what to buy.The great news is that you actually don't need that many supplies to get started with watercolors. This makes watercoloring an affordable pastime. Even if you just have a beginner's set, you can still make some beautiful art!I've divided this page into 2 lists: one for essential watercolor painting supplies, and one for extra watercolor supplies.If you are a beginner at watercolor painting, then be sure to get everything that is mentioned in the Essential Watercolor Painting Supplies list. These are the things you really cannot do watercolor painting without.Even if you are a beginner, take a look at the items on the Extra Watercolor Painting Supplies list, because there are items there that can be really handy for watercolor painting, but aren't totally necessary. A few of them you will already have on hand, such as paper towels, a pencil, and an eraser. But you don't need to buy the other supplies unless you feel ready. That's why they are "extra"!To get started with watercolor painting, you will need these 6 essential watercolor painting supplies: paints, paintbrushes, watercolor paper, a palette, a container of water, and soap.Watercolors come in 2 forms: tubes and pans. Tubes of watercolors are already moist, with a pasty consistency. Pans of watercolors are like hard cakes of paint that need to be moistened with water to be used.If you're not sure whether to get pans or tubes, consider buying a beginner's set of each and seeing which you like best. Every artist has his or her own preference on pans vs. tubes, so it really boils down to your own experience with each! Watercolor paints are available in sets, or you can purchase them individually.I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.
Watercolor paints are also available in 2 types of quality: Artist Quality and Student Quality. The Student Quality watercolors are more affordable, but they contain more filler and less pigment than their Artist Quality counterparts. You basically get what you pay for. With Artist Quality watercolors, you can achieve more subtleties with color and transparency.
 Still, Student Quality watercolors will give beginners a taste of what it's like to work with watercolors - and if you find that you like it, then you can always invest in a set of Artist Quality watercolors down the road!
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
When buying watercolor brushes, you have 3 choices to consider: hair, size, and shape. If you're a beginner, all the info below about brushes might overwhelm you - so I'll tell you what you need to know in a nutshell:
Quick Beginner's Guide to Watercolor Brushes:
Natural brushes are better than synthetics, and if you can only afford one brush, choose a natural round brush. If you can afford two brushes, get a small round and a medium round (or a medium round and a large round, depending on whether you like to work big or small).
This is all you need to get started - you can worry about the other sizes and shapes later!
If you're on a budget, you'll be happy to know that you can create an entire watercolor painting using just one brush! I've done this quite a few times, using just a small round brush.
If you're ready to learn more about watercolor brushes, read on…Hair - Natural hair paintbrushes are the best choice for painting with watercolors, but they can also be costly. Sable hair is the most revered, especially Kolinsky Sable. The hairs are strong and when well-cared for, Kolinsky Sable brushes can last a lifetime. Red sable and pure sable paintbrushes are less expensive than Kolinsky Sable, but still quite good.Other types of hair used to create watercolor brushes include ox hair, which is ideal for square brushes; squirrel hair, which is ideal for mop brushes; and goat hair, which is ideal for creating large washes.If you are on a budget, there are some good synthetic brushes you can try that work well with watercolors. With the right care they can last a long time, but will likely not last a lifetime like a quality natural hair paintbrush. Synthetic brushes may need to be replaced every few years or sooner, depending on how often they are used and how they are treated.Size - Watercolor brushes come in sizes ranging from super-tiny to somewhat large.A range of sizes is nice, but you don't need that many, because watercolor brushes are so versatile (as you'll see from the descriptions of each brush shape described below).A medium or large round brush, for example, is sufficient for creating both large washes of color and for creating fine details, so you can use the same brush for both functions.Shape - Watercolor brushes are available in several different shapes that serve different functions:
To help fund this site, I receive a small commission from purchases made via the links below.
Watercolor Papers are available as sheets, pads, or blocks. There are Student Papers and Artist Papers, and again, you get what you pay for. Artist papers will be better quality, which will allow you to achieve better results.
Sheets - Artist Quality watercolor papers can be purchased in individual sheets that you can cut to size. This is a good way to try out different types of paper.
Pads - Most watercolor pads contain Student Quality watercolor paper that is connected on one edge by a wire binding. Watercolor pads usually contain 10-20 sheets that are much smaller than what you can purchase individually. Pads are great for travel and also handy for practice!
Blocks - Watercolor blocks are basically a pile of watercolor papers that are glued together on one edge. You paint on the top sheet and then after the painting has dried, you insert a knife into the glued binding and gently remove your page. The benefit of painting on watercolor blocks is that you don't need to stretch your paper, which we'll talk about later.
There's one more thing you should know about watercolor papers: they are available as hot-pressed, cold-pressed, or rough. Most watercolorists use rough or cold-pressed paper.
The Recommended Products below are there to help you browse for art supplies, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that supports this site and keeps it FREE! Thanks in advance.
Most watercolor palettes are either plastic or ceramic. Ceramic palettes are better quality; the plastic palettes will eventually become stained with the paint, but plastic palettes are lighter and easier to hold.Choose a palette that has separate wells that you can mix your colors in. The walls of the wells will keep the colors separate, otherwise the watery paint may just run into each other.If you use pan watercolors, you can also use the plastic lid of the watercolor set as a palette. Just be sure that the lid is dry when you close it.In a pinch, you can use tin foil or a dinner plate as a palette. Just be sure to space the colors far enough apart that they don't run into each other!
If you make a purchase via the links below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
 A glass, jar or cup of water is essential. It's best if your container is clear, so that you can see how clean or dirty the water is. It's important to change the water when it becomes too murky; otherwise the residue can get onto your brush and wind up on your painting.    Some artists use 2 containers of water – one full of clean water for dipping, and one for rinsing in between colors.To clean your watercolor brushes, use a mild shampoo or organic, all-natural soap. Avoid commercial soaps with strong cleansers, as they can damage the hairs of your brush.  There are also artist soaps specially designed to clean paintbrushes:
The Recommended Products below are there to help you browse for art supplies, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that supports this site and keeps it FREE! Thanks in advance.
Phew! Congratulations, you've just gotten through the list of Essential Watercolor Painting Supplies!Now let's take a look at some other watercolor painting supplies that might be handy…So there you have it – your list of essential and extra watercolor painting supplies! If you're not sure what to get, take your time and read more about the different watercolor painting supplies. Read product reviews to see what other artists are saying about specific products and brands.And remember, you can always start out with affordable watercolor painting supplies and upgrade as you become more comfortable with the medium. You don’t need to shell out $400 for a top-grade Kolinsky Sable brush (like the one below!) if you're just starting out… Just ease into it with moderately-priced watercolor painting supplies, and you'll be fine!  Happy Painting!!Learn how to create an abstract watercolor painting!See how to combine watercolors and colored pencils in this fun mixed media tutorial!Read an overview of painting with watercolors.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
If you are new to acrylics, you may be wondering - what is gesso and why do I need to know about it? Step right up - this page will tell you all about the glories of gesso and how to use it.Gesso is an important art supply to get your canvas ready for painting. You can buy gesso readymade from any art supply shop. Gesso is very similar to white acrylic paint, only thinner. It dries hard, making the surface more stiff. Gesso prepares (or "primes") the surface for painting, making the surface slightly textured and ready to accept acrylic paint. Without gesso, the paint would soak into the weave of the canvas.The word gesso is a noun, but many artists also use it as a verb. For example: "You need to gesso your canvas before you paint."The beauty of gesso is that you can apply it to nearly any surface, and then you can paint on that surface with acrylic paint. For example, you can apply a layer or two of gesso to vinyl records, rubber duckies, or cigar boxes, and voila - you can now paint on that object with acrylics! What fun. The possibilities are endless!
Gesso is traditionally white, but nowadays you can also buy black, clear gesso and colored gesso readymade (these link to Blick Art Materials, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that helps support this site). You can also tint your gesso to make any color you want. Just mix a little acrylic paint to the gesso, and you've got some tinted gesso!
There are two different grades of gesso: Artist grade and Student grade. The difference between the two amounts to the different ratios of pigment vs. filler. The Student grade is cheaper because it contains more filler than the Artist grade. Artist grade has more pigment than Student grade, making it thicker and more opaque. These differences are reflected in the price, and also in the quality. Student grade is usually available only in white, but as mentioned earlier, you can add acrylic paint to the gesso to make it more pigmented.
The consistency and texture of gesso will vary from brand to brand. Some are more liquidy and others are more thick. Some apply more smoothly and others leave a more textured, toothy surface. You'll have to experiment with different brands to find the one you like best. Liquitex Super Heavy Gesso is great for applying sculptural effects to the canvas with a brush or palette knife.
Gesso comes in both squeeze bottle form and in large tubs or jars. With the squeeze bottles, you can squeeze the gesso right onto canvas and then smooth it out with a brush. You can also pour some onto your palette first if you want to mix the gesso with paint or water. If your gesso comes in a jar, you can stick your paintbrush right into the jar and apply it to the canvas.
Gesso is also available as a spray. What is gesso spray? You shake the can and spray the gesso directly onto your canvas, with no need for a brush.
I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.Most pre-stretched canvases are pre-primed these days, meaning you can start painting them with acrylics as soon as you take them out of the packaging. This is perfectly acceptable, but often times you may feel that the canvas lacks tooth and absorbency. Therefore it is generally advisable to give the canvas another coat or two of gesso.How can you tell if the canvas lacks tooth and absorbency? If you paint acrylics onto it, and the paint either mottles on the surface, or sinks into the weave of the canvas, then it's a good idea to give the canvas a coat or two of gesso.Ultimately, it's really up to you. There is no one way that is the correct way. It all depends on how you want your painting to look. Certain styles of contemporary painting might actually benefit from painting directly onto a raw canvas.Priming a canvas is easy! To apply gesso, use a wide, flat brush. The bigger your surface, the bigger brush you will need. Dip the paintbrush into the gesso, and brush it onto the canvas. Make sure that you cover the entire surface of the canvas evenly. That's it - that's really all there is to it!There is honestly no right or wrong way to prime a canvas. It all depends on the type of painting you want to create.Depending on the consistency of your gesso (whether it is thick and gloppy or thin and drippy), you may or may not want to dilute it a bit with water. Thinning gesso with water will make the layer more smooth.To ensure a nice, smooth coat, make sure you go over the surface enough times with the brush to make the gesso sink evenly into the canvas. Sometimes as you lay out each brushstroke, lumps or lines of built-up gesso will gather at the edge of the brushstroke. Using a different brush that is dry, go over these lines to smooth them out.To make a really smooth coat, use sandpaper to gently sand in between each layer. Make sure the surface is completely dry before attempting this!How many layers of gesso will you need to properly prime your canvas? It depends on your personal preference. Try a canvas with one coat of gesso, then another one with two, and maybe even one with three. Note the difference in how the canvas feels and in how it accepts the paint. It's generally a good idea to coat the canvas at least twice, to ensure that you've covered the entire surface.You can also mix the gesso with colored acrylic to get a tinted gesso. Another idea is to mix the gesso with texture gel to create a textured surface.
The Recommended Products below are there to help you browse for art supplies, and if you make a purchase I get a small commission that supports this site and keeps it FREE! Thanks in advance.
Click here to return to the main Acrylic Table of Contents page, where you'll find heaps of goodies about painting with acrylics... acrylic painting tips, techniques, and more!Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Reader Question: What is the difference between professional colored pencils and normal ones?I've provided links below to the relevant products so that you can easily find them on Blick Art Materials, my favorite online art supplier. I'm a member of Blick's affiliate program, which means if you make a purchase after clicking on one of these links, I'll receive a small commission (at no extra cost to you). Your purchase helps support this site and keeps it free of ads. Click here for more info.Professional colored pencils, also called Artist Quality colored pencils, differ from "normal" colored pencils in several ways:Professional colored pencils contain more pigment and less binder, whereas with normal colored pencils, it's the other way around.The higher pigment content in colored pencils makes the colors more vibrant and rich, to the point where heavily layered colored pencil drawings can even resemble paintings... like my colored pencil drawing below!A drawing I did with Prismacolor Colored PencilsNormal colored pencils, on the other hand, can't create drawings that are this vibrant and rich in color, because they don't contain strong enough pigments.The higher pigment content in professional quality colored pencils (such as Prismacolor), combined with a core made of wax, clay and other ingredients, makes Prismacolor Colored Pencils softer than normal colored pencils. For this reason Prismacolors are easier to blend, which is ideal for creating strong colors, variations in hue, and transitions from light to dark.Professional colored pencils are also more lightfast than regular colored pencils, so they are more resistant to fading over time. In other words, colored pencil drawings that were created using professional colored pencils will last much longer than colored pencil drawings created with regular colored pencils, which will fade or lighten within a few years.Professional colored pencils like Prismacolor are also available in a wider range of colors than you'd find in a normal set of colored pencils. Prismacolors are available in 132 colors, which is ideal for creating fine art drawings.In short, if you want to create fine art colored pencils drawings to display or sell, go for the professional quality colored pencils. You'll see better results. However, if you are on a budget or you just want to draw with colored pencils for fun, feel free to experiment with regular colored pencils.
If you make a purchase via the link below I receive a small commission, which helps support this site.
You can always buy a handful of the professional quality colored pencils open stock and try them out, and if you like them, you might decide to invest in a whole set one day!  Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
Whimsical art is a vibrant and playful style of art that is childlike and carefree. Commonly associated with children's book illustrations and fairy tale art, this artwork lifts the spirit and makes you happy.Whimsical art is characteristically (but not necessarily) bright, colorful, and fun. It is the art of childhood and innocence. But it doesn't always have to be sugary sweet and deliciously darling. Art imbued with whimsicality can also include the cutely creepy, the oddly adorable, and the ugly munchkins. For example, Tim Burton's cast of characters in Nightmare Before Christmas are a bizarre bunch of mostly-loveable whimsical characters that emerge from the darker side of human psychology. Such characters express innocence gone awry. They are the shadowy side of whimsicality. The characters that appear in whimsical art include fairies, elves, gnomes, trolls, aliens, monsters, pixies - basically anything that the imagination can conjure. Whimsical creatures can also include absolutely anything with anthropomorphic (human-like) features... such as a giant tomato with big blue eyes. Or a serpentine sea creature with a penchant for cowboy hats. The common theme is that they are surreal and quirky. Their strangeness is unexpected and often unsettling. They are the stuff of both daydreams and nightmares.Humans can also find, creep, tumble or crawl their way into whimsical art. When they do, whimsical art will usually depict them as odd humans who have something slightly strange about them. Maybe their eyes are too big, their mouths too small, their ears too close. Maybe their feet are bigger than their heads. Or else they are perfectly "normal" humans (at least on the outside), who find themselves in strange and unsettling scenarios... wandering amidst towering toadstools or swimming in underwater galaxies with mermaids and butterflyfish.    Whimsical creatures do not exist in "real life", or so they say. In the world of the whimsical, imagination rules supreme. Whimsical worlds envelop the realms of mystery and magic, where the surreal is more real than unreal. Such art has the power to take us to other places and to plumb the depths of our most hidden dreams.There is an innocent poetry to whimsical art. They can tell tales, or they can leave the story-telling up to the viewer. Either way, whimsical art delights and enchants, weaving a charming and spirited path through our imaginations.You can see my whimsical art on my website.Learn how to draw doodle monsters! Pick up lots of ideas and inspiration, including step-by-step instructions for two whimsical creatures. Plus, download a free doodle monster coloring page!Check out these tips for creating your own whimsical art!Get inspired by the whimsical art for children by Mariann Johansen-Ellis (shown below), and learn about how she makes her cute art!Check out the colorful, whimsical artwork of Lindy Gruger Hanson, who creates inspiring images that unite nature and spirit.Check out the quirky realist art of Karen Hull, such as the cat and fairy colored pencil drawing below!Learn how to draw whimsical faces from photographs, like the one on the left! This whimsical drawing lesson shows you how to look at an ordinary photo and find inspiration for creating whimsical portraits.learn how to create your own whimsical art in my book, Draw Groovy!In the image below you can see some examples of the artwork in my book, which is filled with easy step-by-step lessons on how to draw cute, colorful art such as butterflies, owls, elephants, mandalas, peace signs and more! Draw Groovy was written with kids in mind, but "kids at heart" might have fun with it too!Click here to learn more about my book Draw Groovy.Get a sneak peek into Draw Groovy with this free sample lesson: learn how to draw a cute owl step-by-step! You can also download a free PDF of the lesson as it appears in Draw Groovy.Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.We respect your privacy.Thank you!About This SiteAbout MeFAQContactSupport This SitePrivacy PolicyDisclosure StatementDisclaimerBy Thaneeya McArdle © 2008-2019 Thaneeya LLC.All photos, images and text are copyright protected. Not to be used without permission.
