J.K. Rowling keeps changing Harry Potter canon in an effort to improve the Wizarding World. Unfortunately, it's generally had the opposite effect.The recently-released Avengers: Endgame Empire cover featuring the original six MCU heroes gets an updated version with all their new costumes.EA and BioWare have been scrambling to address Anthem's loot issues for weeks now. That's why we haven't seen any meaningful change yet.A report from the 2019 Game Developers Conference floor provides some speculative details on Google's big gaming announcement tomorrow.Acclaimed Harry Potter actor Ralph Fiennes has said that he would like to reprise his role as the horrific Lord Voldemort in Fantastic Beasts.James Gunn is re-hired by Disney for the MCU's Guardians of the Galaxy 3! Lots of people had takes online about this and we've got the best here!Screen Rant's Ryan George (with some help from his cat) reveals what (probably) happened in the pitch meeting for Captain Marvel.As Bethesda officially announces its E3 2019 showcase, fans can expect the likes of Starfield and Doom Eternal to dominate the gaming expo. Samsung, iKON, and Fortnite have teamed together to give players of the latter a new skin and emote exclusively through a new series of Galaxy phones.Halo: The Master Chief Collection is coming to PC and new cross-play and Xbox Play Anywhere details have just dropped ahead of the big release.Heroes never die in our hearts. The television show Arrow has given us many legendary heroes, it's our duty to give you our ranking of them.Original Sliders cast members Jerry O'Connell and John Rhys-Davies are in talks with NBC about a possible revival of the 1990s sci-fi series.The trailer for Steven Seagal's latest action vehicle, General Commander, teases a thrilling tale of a man's fight for justice.Fighting with My Family star Florence Pugh is in talks to join the cast of Marvel Studios' Black Widow movie, starring Scarlett Johansson.Who are the Ninth Circle and what role has this sinister cabal of evil bankers from the Green Arrow comics played in the events of Arrow season 7?Marvel and DC are head-to-head again with MCU's new female superhero film, Captain Marvel. Find out what Wonder Woman did better and worse.Shazam director David F. Sandberg and producer Peter Safran both say they plan on returning for a sequel if Warner Bros. moves ahead with one.NBCUniversal's Syfy network is in the early stages of developing a new TV series based on author Seanan McGuire's Wayward Children book series.The filmmakers behind Detective Pikachu actually tested Danny DeVito's voice for Pikachu early on during the live-action/CGI movie's development.Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige reveals Spider-Man's death scene in Avengers: Infinity War was filmed very early on during production.Captain Marvel is poised to become one of the MCU's biggest hits, but before you see the movie, you should check out these must-own items!Despite earning mostly positive reviews with last year's Bumblebee, the sequel will be including more of Michael Bay's type of 'Bayhem' action.HBO's Game of Thrones prequel TV show pilot adds Oscar-nominated Harry Potter and Good Omens actress Miranda Richardson to the cast.Warner Bros. Entertainment's chairman and CEO, Kevin Tsujihara, is stepping down from his position amid a sexual misconduct investigation.343 Industries celebrates the announcement that Halo: The Master Chief Collection is coming to PC with pizza gun skins in Halo 5. No, really.Both board games and the MCU have risen in popularity recently, so it's only natural that the likes of Marvel and Monopoly would come together.The Captain Marvel post-credits scene proves the early Avengers: Endgame trailers lied - here's what it means for the upcoming MCU movie.After being canceled by ABC, Designated Survivor season 3 moves to Netflix. Here's everything we know about the shorter, darker new episodes.Detective Pikachu could be become the first movie in a connected Pokemon universe ala the MCU if it's a big enough success according to a producer. After the success of Black Mirror: Bandersnatch, Netflix announces its next interactive TV series will be a survival adventure starring Bear Grylls.
J.K. Rowling keeps changing Harry Potter canon in an effort to improve the Wizarding World. Unfortunately, it's generally had the opposite effect.Amazon Prime's Hanna TV show is an adaptation of the 2011 action film that starred Saoirse Ronan. Here's what we know about Amazon's Hanna TV show.The final season of Veep has added Better Call Saul alums Rhea Seehorn and Michael McKean to the cast as guest stars for upcoming episodes.The recently-released Avengers: Endgame Empire cover featuring the original six MCU heroes gets an updated version with all their new costumes.EA and BioWare have been scrambling to address Anthem's loot issues for weeks now. That's why we haven't seen any meaningful change yet.James Gunn is re-hired by Disney for the MCU's Guardians of the Galaxy 3! Lots of people had takes online about this and we've got the best here!Acclaimed Harry Potter actor Ralph Fiennes has said that he would like to reprise his role as the horrific Lord Voldemort in Fantastic Beasts.After announcing last week that he would have his retirement match at WrestleMania, Kurt Angle reveals that Baron Corbin will be his final opponent.Screen Rant's Ryan George (with some help from his cat) reveals what (probably) happened in the pitch meeting for Captain Marvel.As Bethesda officially announces its E3 2019 showcase, fans can expect the likes of Starfield and Doom Eternal to dominate the gaming expo. Heroes never die in our hearts. The television show Arrow has given us many legendary heroes, it's our duty to give you our ranking of them.Halo: The Master Chief Collection is coming to PC and new cross-play and Xbox Play Anywhere details have just dropped ahead of the big release.When will Black Lightning season 3 release on The CW and what shocking events can fans expect to see after the thrilling season 2 finale?Original Sliders cast members Jerry O'Connell and John Rhys-Davies are in talks with NBC about a possible revival of the 1990s sci-fi series.The trailer for Steven Seagal's latest action vehicle, General Commander, teases a thrilling tale of a man's fight for justice.Marvel and DC are head-to-head again with MCU's new female superhero film, Captain Marvel. Find out what Wonder Woman did better and worse.Who are the Ninth Circle and what role has this sinister cabal of evil bankers from the Green Arrow comics played in the events of Arrow season 7?Black Summer, the prequel series to Z Nation gets its first trailer, which takes a look at the bloody beginnings of the zombie apocalypse.Shazam director David F. Sandberg and producer Peter Safran both say they plan on returning for a sequel if Warner Bros. moves ahead with one.NBCUniversal's Syfy network is in the early stages of developing a new TV series based on author Seanan McGuire's Wayward Children book series.Captain Marvel is poised to become one of the MCU's biggest hits, but before you see the movie, you should check out these must-own items!Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige reveals Spider-Man's death scene in Avengers: Infinity War was filmed very early on during production.The effort to save One Day at a Time may run into trouble as Netflix restricts the ability of its original programming to move on post-cancelation.Despite earning mostly positive reviews with last year's Bumblebee, the sequel will be including more of Michael Bay's type of 'Bayhem' action.HBO's Game of Thrones prequel TV show pilot adds Oscar-nominated Harry Potter and Good Omens actress Miranda Richardson to the cast.Both board games and the MCU have risen in popularity recently, so it's only natural that the likes of Marvel and Monopoly would come together.343 Industries celebrates the announcement that Halo: The Master Chief Collection is coming to PC with pizza gun skins in Halo 5. No, really.Following the successful launch of Magic esports, Wizards of the Coast reveals its 2019 Challenger Decks, making Standard cheaper for entry.The Captain Marvel post-credits scene proves the early Avengers: Endgame trailers lied - here's what it means for the upcoming MCU movie.After being canceled by ABC, Designated Survivor season 3 moves to Netflix. Here's everything we know about the shorter, darker new episodes.
Captain Marvel explained why Nick Fury chose the name Avenger, but the moment may have also teased a future all-Asian superhero MCU team.An Easter egg referring to a villainous group from the comics in Star City 2040 may foreshadow the details of Oliver Queen's death in Arrow Season 8.Actor Michael B. Jordan will produce a new monster movie from Jordan Vogt-Roberts, the director of Kong: Skull Island, starring Brie Larson.The future of Fox's X-Men horror film New Mutants is now entirely in the hands of Disney, with a release on a streaming service possible.Disney resurrects the long-departed Lucasfilm Games, the predecessor to the more famous and influential LucasArts, prompting a flurry of speculation.As we approach the 80th anniversary of Batman, let's take a look back at some of the best and most important Dark Knight stories.FTX Games' Criminal Minds: The Mobile Game will stay true to the show as much as possible, releasing a 'Meet the Writers' video to prove it.Ryan Reynolds' Deadpool is the only character from Fox's X-Men franchise not expected to get rebooted by Disney now that the deal is closed.Marvel's Shang-Chi movie can be a major success for the MCU, but it must avoid the kung fu mistakes of Netflix's Iron Fist TV series.Forget the hefty price tag; Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is going to have a free version released in the West on the PlayStation and the Xbox today.The MCU's latest movie Captain Marvel has some quotes that will be repeated by fans for years to come. Here are some of our favorites!Voice actor, Joey Camen, has deleted old racist and transphobic videos from his personal YouTube channel after Devil May Cry 5 fans found them.Stranger Things season 3 returns to the 1980s, but the trailer's song is straight out of 1971. Why such an upside-down choice?Family Guy is responsible for some epic fights over the years, so here's some of the best - from Peter vs the chicken to Stewie vs Lois.Us manages to be funny, freaky, and thrilling all at once, and marks another step forward in Peele's evolving sense of storytelling and craftsmanship.Pretty Little Liars was a massively successful TV show and it's only been made better by guest stars such as Adam Lambert and Claire Holt.Warner Bros. and DC Films have scheduled the Shazam! review embargo for this Saturday, which is the earliest embargo date for a DCEU movie.Sony releases the first trailer for Quentin Tarantino's Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, teasing the fan favorite auteur's latest period piece.On Showtime's Billions, Damian Lewis portrays Bobby Axelrod, the alpha male founder of Axe Capital. Here's why Axe is doomed in Billions season 4.Netflix releases a trailer for Stranger Things season 3 that shows the series' heroes growing up, enjoying summer vacation, and fighting new monsters.The trailer for the final season of Game of Thrones just dropped today, and needless to say, the internet is already full of reactions.The CW's The Flash hit a series low in terms of ratings last week, with the 16th episode of season 5, titled 'Failure is an Orphan'.Captain Marvel explained why Nick Fury chose the name Avenger, but the moment may have also teased a future all-Asian superhero MCU team.The Wolverine is back in Marvel's comic universe, but his best special move is making a return without him - thanks to Honey Badger?Michael Rosenbaum has praised Jon Cryer's recent debut as Lex Luthor on Supergirl. Rosenbaum previously portrayed the classic villain on Smallville.The Aquaman spin-off about the Trench could open the door for other DC characters to star in their own films. Here are eight possibilities.Simpsons showrunner Al Jean celebrated the conclusion of Disney's purchase of Fox's film and TV assets with an image of Homer strangling Mickey Mouse.Jordan Peele's Us is already surpassing the advance movie ticket sales of his previous Oscar winning film, Get Out, as well as A Quiet Place.Former Angel star David Boreanaz is dropping hints that there's something in the works for the show's upcoming 20th anniversary this fall.In what's truly a work of mad genius, a fan recreated the most recent Avengers: Endgame trailer using clips from Spongebob Squarepants.
The Disney-Fox deal is now complete and gives the MCU Fantastic Four, X-Men, and maybe Deadpool. Here's what it means for the future of the franchise.Star Wars: The Mandalorian executive producer Jon Favreau teases Taika Waititi's potential role voicing IG-88 in a new social media photo. It has been revealed that Fargo creator Noah Hawley at one point tried to make an Alien miniseries for FX, although the project never happened.Star Trek: Discovery finally revealed who the Red Angel is. We explain the shocking answer to season 2's mystery and the further questions it raises.Marvel TV announces that it will be auctioning props and costumes from their cancelled Netflix shows such as Daredevil, Luke Cage and Iron Fist. Leading online entertainment publication screenrant.com officially adds its video game review content to Metacritic and OpenCritic.Netflix's The Dirt has all the sensationalist sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll of Mötley Crüe, but little heart despite its attempts to humanize the band.HBO's Watchmen TV series arrives in 2019. Here's everything we know about the show, from the cast and returning characters to the sequel story.Game of Thrones infographics calculated from betting odds predict who is likeliest to die first in season 8, as well as who is likeliest to rule. Charles Boyle from Brooklyn Nine-Nine (played by Joe Lo Truglio) is adorable, in a sort of pathetic sense. This list will make you laugh and cringe.CCP Games, makers of the groundbreaking space MMO EVE Online begin their tour of fan-focused events around the world this weekend in Amsterdam.Netflix announces that they are in the process of developing a modern day adaptation of the iconic 19th century novel, The Three Musketeers.Jeremy Renner (who plays Clint Barton/Ronin) in Avengers: Endgame taunts Thanos in a new photo with the original six members of the Avengers. Disney and Lucasfilm confirm that the live-action TV series The Mandalorian will have a panel at Star Wars Celebration Chicago in April.Find out which characters are confirmed and which are rumors in the DCEU's newest movie Shazam!Jordan Peele's Us is the first major horror movie of 2019. Just how scary and violent is the Get Out follow-up? We explain (spoiler-free).The disc-less iteration of the Xbox One S is hardly the best kept secret in the industry, and information about its release date has appeared online. Mike Trout is currently the best player in Major League Baseball, and he's rated very highly in MLB The Show 19 as a result of his real-life skill.Critics weigh in with reviews of FromSoftware's Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice. The game may be tough, but it's also one of 2019's finest titles.Later this year, Trine 4: The Nightmare Prince brings back the classic 2.5D gameplay. This time, though, up to four friends can work together. HBO releases the first teaser trailer for Deadwood: The Movie, which confirms that the long-awaited TV film will premiere at the end of May.The alter-egos of the Marvel and DC superheroes Spider-Man and Batman are included on a list recognizing and celebrating White House interns.While it's not unusual for Marvel and DC Comics to reference one another, both The Flash and Arrow made references to Spider-Man this week.
The new trailer for John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum contains a sly Easter egg to Keanu Reeves' famous role as Neo in The Matrix.Of all the alternative Earth versions of Harrison Wells that exist in The Flash, which is the best?Amazon's Dark Tower TV show casts Sam Strike and Jasper Pääkkönen in the Stephen King adaptation as the Gunslinger and Man in Black, respectively.Star Wars creator George Lucas said as early as 1977 that he always intended for the Star Wars universe to include female stormtroopers.Paramount Network sets the Yellowstone season 2 premiere date for June 2019; the series stars Kevin Costner and was co-created by Taylor Sheridan.MLB The Show is a license with universal appeal, but it sounds as if the franchise will remain locked to PlayStation consoles for the time being.

Many television experts name the year 2000 as the official start of the “golden age of television” that we’re still experiencing today. It’s true: the decade of the ‘00s was chock-full of excellent television programming.Even with all of the fantastic shows on air today, many viewers still point to the series that came out of the ‘00s as the best-of-the-best, swearing that they can’t be topped.However, in order to understand just how good some of the programming that came out of the 2000s was, it’s also important to review how flat-out awful some of the ‘00s series were at the same time.This list will cover both shows that are considered to be the cream of the crop and the worst of the worst from the ‘00s. It includes shows of all genres, from comedies to highbrow dramas, and also includes shows from cable networks like NBC to premiums like HBO.As a result of television’s highly subjective nature, this list uses Rotten Tomatoes as a reference, a site that collects critics’ reviews and averages all of their ratings together to give a single score to each TV show.Some of the television series on the list received perfect scores of 100%, while others rank all the way down in the single digits.With that said, here are the 10 Best (And 5 Worst) ‘00s Shows According To Rotten Tomatoes.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewNBC’s comedy/spy thriller Chuck answers the question of what would happen if The Office met 24. Zachary Levi played main character Chuck Bartowski, an average guy who works a computer help desk.However, Chuck’s average lifestyle comes to a screeching halt and he’s soon pushed into the spy lifestyle after he reads an encrypted email with government secrets and they become implanted in his mind.NSA Major John Casey (played by Adam Baldwin) and CIA Agent Sarah Walker (Yvonne Strahovski) are tasked with protecting Chuck and the information he now possesses. Through the course of the series, the three work together on different spy cases.The unique concept and genre-blending style of Chuck won critics over immediately. The first season received a high rating of 87% on Rotten Tomatoes, and Chuck continued to gain equally high ratings as the series went on. Its fifth and final season even secured a perfect 100% rating.While the series wasn’t perfect in television critics’ eyes, they still stuck by it through all five seasons because it was one of the few genuinely entertaining and consistent series on air at the time.Critics praised the NBC series for its fresh humor, plot twists, and entertaining writing. They also loved Zach Levi’s performance, which was described as charming and endearing.Chuck won an overall rating of 90% on Rotten Tomatoes for all of these successful qualities.Lost was one of the most unique television viewing experiences to come out of the 2000s, and was one of the first shows of the decade to grab the attention of television audiences nationwide.Lost was also one of the first television shows ever that interacted with its audience through websites and related novels, helping the show gain a loyal – and even obsessive – fan base in the process.The series had one of the most original concepts to play on television. It followed a group of passengers that survived a plane crash and were stranded on a mysterious and scary island and must now work together to figure out what to do next.Viewers at home were fascinated by the series, and so were professional television critics. The series ran for six series, and its ratings on Rotten Tomatoes never dipped below 80%, which is an impressive record.Critics celebrated Lost’s character-driven plots, original sci-fi elements, and consistently strong plot lines and performances from the show’s actors.Thanks to all of the attention and praise it received from critics, Lost is still named as one of the best series to come out of the ‘00s and even one of the best television shows ever made.It’s not surprising, then, that Lost has a high overall rating of 91% on Rotten Tomatoes.A show has to be pretty bad in order to gain less than 25% of critics’ approval. However, a series like The Beautiful Life no doubt earns that low rating.The Beautiful Life was a teen drama on the CW that ran for only one season, with the network deciding to cancel after only two episodes aired. Also, according to television critics, there was a good reason for that.The series told the story of a group of young models living together in New York City and trying to make it on the fashion scene.It starred Mischa Barton, Sara Paxton, Ben Hollingsworth, and Corbin Bleu as some of the young models. Surprisingly, Gal Gadot was also cast to play a supermodel in later episodes, but these never reached to air.The Beautiful Life’s early cancellation was due to several reasons. Critics were irritated at the poorly produced melodrama, and many wrote that the show had flashy visuals with absolutely no substance to back it up.The Beautiful Life was also overly dramatic, while at the same time extremely boring.Essentially every television critic said that the series would never last due to these factors.With such a poorly rated first and only season, The Beautiful Life rests at a low 21% on Rotten Tomatoes.Kristen Bell is winning over television audiences around the world with her role in the current hit sitcom The Good Place, but back in the ‘00s, she starred in one of the most decade’s popular TV series, Veronica Mars.The CW series took the film noir concept into a storyline following modern day teens. Kristen Bell starred as high school student Veronica Mars who lives in Neptune, California and works as a private investigator. Each episode follows Bell’s titular character as she solves different mysteries.Though Veronica Mars didn't manage to pull in hugely impressive ratings, critics showed the series some love. They loved Bell’s confident lead performance, as well as the series’ original and modern take on the film noir genre, sharp writing, and its surprising inclusion of social commentary.The mystery and the high school TV series might be two genres that are played out, but critics insisted that Veronica Mars elevated both to new and impressive heights.Unfortunately, despite such high praise from critics, Veronica Mars was cancelled after three seasons. Fans remained loyal and were able to help creator Rob Thomas raise funds through Kickstarter for a Veronica Mars movie.They were successful, and the movie premiered in 2014, but the series never made its way back on television.Nevertheless, Veronica Mars is still remembered as one of the best series from the ‘00s, and its rating of 94% on Rotten Tomatoes reflects that.Ask fans of the crime genre what piece of media best captures the mob, and some might say movies like Martin Scorsese’s Goodfellas or Francis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather trilogy.However, many others would name HBO’s record-breaking drama The Sopranos as the best work ever produced in the mobster crime genre.As one of the best series to come out of the premium network HBO, The Sopranos follows crime boss Tony Soprano (played in a career-defining performance by James Gandolfini) as he leads the New Jersey mob while balancing his home life with wife Carmela (Edie Falco) and children Meadow (Jamie-Lynn Sigler) and AJ (Robert Iler) with the help of therapist Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco).At times chillingly violent, at times surprisingly funny, there’s no television series quite like The Sopranos.It quickly became one of the most popular series in American programming, and critics were quick to praise the HBO drama.Half of its seasons have received a perfect 100% on Rotten Tomatoes, with critics lauding The Sopranos’ emotional depth, philosophical themes, first-rate performances from its entire case, and its original take on the mobster genre.The series will forever be remembered as one of the best dramas ever made and is easily one of the best television productions to come out of the ‘00s.The Sopranos sits at an impressive 95% on Rotten Tomatoes.With smash-hit sci-fi movies like The Terminator and Aliens behind him, everybody thought that James Cameron would be an amazing filmmaker to bring to television in the ‘00s. Unfortunately, his television series Dark Angel didn't fare so well.In her breakout role, Jessica Alba starred as the genetically modified super-soldier teen Max Guevara. Dark Angel follows Guevara as she breaks out from the military compound that holds her and explores James Cameron’s vision of a post-apocalyptic Seattle, trying to survive out on her own.Dark Angel was promoted hard by Fox, which had devoted a huge budget to creating the series, and it did gain some fairly good ratings with its first season.Having secured decent ratings, the network thought its show was good to go.The critics, however, were not such big fans of James Cameron’s first foray into television. Many scoffed at the series’ poor scripts and awful one-liners, stiff performance by lead Jessica Alba, and its storyline’s aimless and just plain boring direction. The series was labeled as all style and no substance by critics.Dark Angel was unable to recuperate from such harsh criticism and was cancelled soon after. It now ranks with a mere 20% on Rotten Tomatoes.Damages showed audiences and critics what can happen when you have a knock-out A-list actor like Glenn Close leading a television series.The FX legal thriller Damages starred Close as main character Patty Hewes, a top-rate lawyer in Manhattan who specializes in corporate cases. Rose Byrne starred as Hewes’ protégée Ellen Parson. Other stars that appeared over the course of the series included William Hurt, Ted Danson, Martin Short, and Timothy Olyphant.However, it was Close who stood at the heart of Damages and lead the series into being the razor-sharp drama it is remembered for being today.Her steely, determined lead character impressed viewers nationwide and paved the way for equally strong female characters on network television in the future.With other popular shows like Law and Order, the legal drama might seem like a worn out genre. But critics relished in Damages’ refreshing and captivating take on melodramatic legal thrillers.Many praised Damages for its memorable, polished performances, masterful production and direction, and its downright addicting storylines.Not one of Damages’ five seasons ranked lower than 88% on Rotten Tomatoes, with the final three seasons each ranking at a perfect 100%.This gives Damages a near-perfect cumulative score of 96% on the famous critics’ website.If you asked someone what they believed the best show to come out of the ‘00s was, there’s a good chance they’d answer with Breaking Bad.The AMC drama took the entire world by storm after its thrilling first season, and through the years it proved itself as one of the best television series ever produced.Breaking Bad followed Bryan Cranston’s Walter White as he makes a jarring switch from his old job as a high school chemistry teacher to being a meth dealer after learning that he has cancer.Before the AMC series, American audiences knew Bryan Cranston best from his role on Malcolm in the Middle. However, by playing Walter White, he stunned audiences with his career-defining performance and made a serious impression on casual viewers at home and critics alike.However, it wasn't only Cranston’s amazing performance that drew in praise from television critics.They also found Breaking Bad’s storylines to be uniquely compelling, with the show going in completely unexpected directions with new twists every season. The series was also praised for its high production value and excellent writing and direction.Four out of five seasons of Breaking Bad received perfect 100% scores on Rotten Tomatoes, and the series finished out with an overall 96% on the website.Critics and television audiences at home often disagree on whether shows are actually good or not. However, with the 2006 series South Beach, the two groups reached an absolute agreement that the show was downright awful.South Beach, executive produced by Jennifer Lopez, followed the story of Vincent (Chris J. Johnson) and Matt (Marcus Coloma) as they move from Brooklyn to the South Beach neighborhood of Miami, Florida.There the two get caught up in various melodramas with women, family, and their work as burgeoning businessmen.Critics lambasted the series for its all-around awful performances, poor production value, boring and predictable storylines, and flat, unbelievable characters. With poor scripts, direction, and acting, it seemed like there was no aspect of South Beach that viewers were able to enjoy.South Beach ended up being one of the lowest rated series on air and stands today as one of the worst series of the entire ‘00s decade. It was no surprise that South Beach did not receive a renewal from the CW. The producers were so ashamed of the series’ low ratings that South Beach was never released on DVD or Blu-ray.With all of this considered, South Beach’s laughably low rating of 15% on Rotten Tomatoes makes complete sense.The Wire is one of those dramas that continues to represent the standard for successful television programming to this day.Set in Baltimore, HBO’s crime drama The Wire explored different aspects of law enforcement in the city through its individual seasons, including drug trade, city government, and education.In addition to its impressive cast with actors like Dominic West, Michael K. Williams, Idris Elba, and Michael B. Jordan, The Wire also pulled from real life in order to emphasize its realistic approach to the subject matter and used non-professional actors throughout the show as well.This quest for realism paid off. The Wire is still remembered and celebrated for its accuracy, complexity, and commentary on the social and political realities of cities like Baltimore.Television critics liked The Wire’s nuanced storytelling and that the showrunners depicted its subject matter in an unflinching, no-holds-barred manner. The series’ characters routinely drew praise from critics as well, and many of them insisted that The Wire was one of the top television dramas ever made as a result.Four out of five of The Wire’s series scored a flawless 100% on Rotten Tomatoes, giving the series an overall high rating of 97%.One of the quintessential American television dramas of the ‘00s is the NBC drama Friday Night Lights. The series followed a Texas high school football team and was based on the best-selling book written by H.G. Bissinger and adapted from the 2004 film with the same title.Kyle Chandler starred as the show’s lead, football coach Eric Taylor, and was joined by an impressive ensemble cast including Connie Britton, Michael B. Jordan, Taylor Kitsch, and Jesse Plemons.However, Friday Night Lights was more than just a sports drama. The series used its working class Texas setting to offer commentary on social issues and American culture as a whole, taking on topics such as the American family, race, substance use, and the American economy.Critics loved its take on such social issues and how Friday Night Lights was able to blend profound themes with the sports genre. Television critics also enjoyed the series’ strong cast performances, surprising narrative twists, and the heartfelt drama at the core of it all.Each season of Friday Night Lights has received an A grade from Rotten Tomatoes critics, with the lowest scoring first season still pulling an impressive 91% rating.As a result, Friday Night Lights sits at a high 97% rating overall on the site.Even some of the worst series are still able to pull double-digit ratings on Rotten Tomatoes. Not so for The Ghost Whisperer, which was so despised by critics that it was unable to break even a 10% overall rating.CBS’ supernatural drama starred Jennifer Love Hewitt as Melinda Gordon, a woman who has the mystical ability to see and talk to ghosts. She uses these skills to help ghosts solve the issues that are keeping them on earth while trying to keep a normal lifestyle on her own at the same time.The series was highly popular with viewers at home when it was on air and was actually one of CBS’ highest rated series, as the show consistently pulled in millions of views each week.However, The Ghost Whisperer did not receive the same level of love from critics by a long shot.Even though American audiences loved the drama, critics found it too melodramatic and overly sentimental. The series lacked the amount of depth critics look for, and many found Jennifer Love Hewitt’s lead performance to be lackluster. Some just found The Ghost Whisperer to be flat-out absurd.Still, despite its single-digit rating of 9% on Rotten Tomatoes as a result of its heavy criticism, The Ghost Whisperer remained popular through the ‘00s and ran on CBS for five seasons before being cancelled.HBO’s gritty and realistic western Deadwood is always named whenever there’s a conversation on excellent television series that were cancelled far too soon.Deadwood’s cast alone was enough to make it one of the most exciting series from the ‘00s.Actors Timothy Olyphant, Ian McShane, Molly Parker, and John Hawkes formed the series’ cast, all playing characters based on real-life figures from the real lawless frontier town of Deadwood, South Dakota.With its refreshingly realistic take on the western genre, Deadwood immediately caught the eyes of television critics. Its honest and unflashy depictions of the history American west, excellent writing, and top-notch performances earned Deadwood a score of 100% for each of its seasons.Some critics even argued that it was the strongest drama to ever hit American television.When it was on air, Deadwood was one of the strongest shows in HBO’s roster. It’s still considered among HBO’s best dramas today. Deadwood enjoyed a three season run before it was cut down in its prime.There have been rumors of a movie that would reunite the original cast, but that production’s fate is still questionable. Fans may never get new Deadwood material ever again.Nevertheless, it is still remembered as one of the best dramas ever put to television, and Deadwood’s perfect score of 100% reflects its memorable status.Many critics would argue that they consider Band of Brothers to be the best series to come out of the ‘00s. The visceral, unnerving depiction of World War II framed the legendary conflict in a new light, emphasizing the tragic sacrifices many in the American Armed Forces had to make in order to win the war.The HBO series told the story of the “Easy Company,” a part of the Parachute Infantry Regiment of the US 101st Airborne Division during World War II. The series spanned the Company’s time from training in the United States to the end of the war.The series also featured an extraordinary ensemble cast. Band of Brothers served as a stepping-stone for many of today’s A-list actors to grow the huge careers they’re known for having today.Actors such as Damian Lewis, Ron Livingston, Michael Fassbender, Stephen Graham, Colin Hanks, Simon Pegg, and Tom Hardy all starred in Band of Brothers.Also, their knockout performances weren’t the only aspects of the HBO drama that garnered critical acclaim. The series’ shocking intensity, engrossing drama, and its realistic characters’ heroic exploits all won over critics’ favor.It was remarkable qualities such as these that has earned Band of Brothers its flawless 100% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.Paul Haggis’ 2004 movie Crash was one of the strongest drama films to come out of the ‘00s and is still celebrated today for its emotional depth and award-winning performances.So when it was announced some years later that Starz would be adapting the series for television, many grew excited, hoping a classic could grow out of the adaptation.However, Starz’s Crash did not enjoy much success. Instead, the show is considered one of the biggest television failures of the ‘00s.Developed by Glen Mazzara, who is best known today for his work on The Shield and The Walking Dead, Crash starred Dennis Hopper, D.B. Sweeney, and Dana Ashbrook. The series told the story of an array of different characters living in Los Angeles attempting to find their own versions of success.All of the subtleties that contributed to the success of the original 2004 movie were lost on Mazzara’s television adaptation. According to critics, even though the series attempted to take on heavy social themes, it floundering under the weight and only ended up preaching to its audience.In addition to its heavy-handedness, critics found the series too self important, while the storylines were found completely ridiculous and the performances were described as flat and uninspired.Crash was cancelled after two seasons and remains today as one of the lowest-rated series of the ‘00s, with an embarrassing 7% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.---How did your favorite series from the '00s fare? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Say what you will about 2016, but the year finished strong with both critics and audiences. Damien Chazelle's awards-friendly musical La La Land finally opened in theaters (albeit in a gradual rollout designed to build buzz), while Rogue One: A Star Wars Story catapulted into the year's top three highest-grossing films. However, December was also marked by some less successful releases as well, namely the video game adaptation Assassin's Creed -- which seemingly confirmed how difficult it is for the world of gaming to cross over into big-screen success -- and the star-studded but critically panned Collateral Beauty.Although January isn't traditionally the most fruitful of months when it comes to films (aside from the lingering Oscar bait that tends to stick around for a while longer), 2017 may be off to a stronger start than usual, with some high-profile sequels and promising horror films among the offerings coming moviegoers' way. To kick off the new year, let's take a closer look at the first batch of releases hitting theaters in the coming weeks.Here are 10 films to check out in January 2017:Underworld: Blood Wars (Release Date: January 6)Since 2003, Kate Beckinsale has played the vampire assassin Selene in the Underworld franchise, and while the series has never been a critical favorite, its fan base has remained loyal over the years. In fact, the ongoing vampire/Lycan war has earned more than $500 at the worldwide box office across its four installments, with 2012 release Underworld: Awakening serving as the highest-grossing to date.The followup, Underworld: Blood Wars, sees Selene out to protect her daughter from both the vampire and Lycans, as she seeks a way to bring their eternal conflict to an end. Directed by Anna Foerster, this fifth entry hopes to keep the franchise alive for years to come, as both a sixth Underworld film and a television series remain in development.Check out the latest trailer for Underworld: Blood Wars.A Monster Calls (Release Date: January 6)Based on the Patrick Ness novel, A Monster Calls tells the story of a young boy named Conor (Lewis MacDougall) coping with his mother's (Felicity Jones) terminal illness. In this time of emotional crisis, he meets a humanoid tree -- the titular "monster," voiced by Liam Neeson -- and a friendship is born that offers an escape from the harsh reality Conor must endure.The film -- directed by acclaimed filmmaker J.A. Bayona (The Orphanage) -- aims to use fantastical elements as an allegory of how people deal with pain and grief. Considering that Ness himself is the screenwriter on the project, chances are strong this adaptation will retain that sentiment. Thus far, the critical response to the film has been overwhelmingly positive, boding well for its moving tale.Check out the latest trailer for A Monster Calls.The Bye Bye Man (Release Date: January 13)Horror is often among the most subjective genres of filmmaking. What one moviegoer finds terrifying might feel derivative and flat to another. It's unclear exactly which category The Bye Bye Man will fall into, but the latest film from director Stacy Title (Let the Devil Wear Black) certainly has promise, especially seeing how it's one of the few horror films making their way to theaters this month.The Bye Bye Man centers on a trio of college students who become haunted the eponymous supernatural creature, who may or may not have been responsible for a string of killing sprees in recent years. There's the real opportunity here for Title's film to explore a bit of social commentary, but even if it doesn't seize that chance, Doug Jones' performance as the mysterious antagonist will likely be a highlight.Check out the latest trailer for The Bye Bye Man.Monster Trucks (Release Date: January 13)Sure, the premise of Monster Trucks -- in which a high-schooler (Lucas Till) winds up with a truck inhabited by a monstrous creature -- is more than a bit goofy, but there's hope yet that director Chris Wedge (Ice Age) can deliver a fun adventure for the whole family with this one. After all, its story does feel like a throwback to 1980s films like E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial.Till may still be best known for his role as MacGyver in the CBS reboot, but in Monster Trucks, he's accompanied by a strong supporting cast that includes Jane Levy (Don't Breathe), Amy Ryan, Rob Lowe, and Danny Glover. Families who have caught up on all the holiday films might want to give this one a shot, especially as ones of the few releases this month specifically aimed at younger viewers.Check out the latest trailer for Monster Trucks.The Founder (Release Date: January 20)Ever since his Oscar-nominated lead performance in Birdman, Michael Keaton has seen his career resurge in ways that most actors of his generation can only hope for. The Batman star played a key role in Best Picture winner Spotlight and is set to rejoin the world of comic book films as the Vulture in Spider-Man: Homecoming later this year.Yet, before he does so, Keaton will breathe life into the story of Ray Kroc, the businessman who acquired McDonald's in 1961 from founders Dick and Mac McDonald. Director John Lee Hancock specializes in turning real-life stories into hit films (The Rookie, The Blind Side, Saving Mr. Banks). We suspect that The Founder -- which looks to balance a bit of satire into its own account of Kroc's McDonalds purchase -- will follow suit.Check out the latest trailer for The Founder.Split (Release Date: January 20)Not so long ago, M. Night Shyamalan seemed to be an industry pariah. However, 2015 horror film The Visit offered the director a bit of redemption. In addition to earning mostly strong reviews, the $5 million film went on to bring in $65 million at the domestic box office.By all accounts, Split may be able to keep Shyamalan's hit streak rolling along. Starring James McAvoy as a kidnapper suffering from dissociative identity disorder, the film could simply be a showcase for McAvoy's onscreen range, but with 2016 breakout Anya Taylor-Joy among its cast and strong reviews coming out of its festival run, we're hoping that Shyamalan has officially reclaimed his title as a powerful horror director.Check out the latest trailer for Split.xXx: Return of Xander Cage (Release Date: January 20)Back in the early 2000s, Vin Diesel's career seemed to be on fire. Between Pitch Black, The Fast and the Furious and xXx, the action star had three popular roles (and potential franchises) in the can. Though he would ultimately revisit Richard B. Riddick and Dominic Toretto in future films, Diesel seemingly missed out on his chance to headline any sequels to xXx, having missed out on the 2005 sequel.Now, 15 years after first playing the extreme sports junkie-turned-spy, Diesel is back as the title character in  xXx: Return of Xander Cage. Despite the fact that a short film seemingly confirmed Cage's death, he resurfaces to race the villainous Xiang (Donnie Yen) and winds up recruiting a team to help him complete a top-secret mission. Even though the premise sounds eerily similar to a Fast and Furious film, we're curious to see if this third xXx film connects with audiences like the first one did.Check out the latest trailer for xXx: The Return of Xander Cage.The Red Turtle (Release Date: January 20)With three animated films among the most successful of the year, 2016 was a tremendously profitable time for animation. However, while American audiences had plenty of chances to see the latest Disney and Universal animated films, this French release -- which is heavily tipped to earn a Best Animated Feature Oscar nod -- is only now getting a limited theatrical run in North America.Featuring no dialogue, The Red Turtle -- a co-production between French company Wild Bunch and famed Japanese house Studio Ghibli -- tells the story of a shipwrecked man who befriends a giant red turtle, and while its plot is simple, the film has received universal acclaim for its visual style and storytelling technique. Dutch-British animator Michaël Dudok de Wit makes his feature directorial debut here.Check out the latest trailer for The Red Turtle.Gold (Release Date: January 27)Matthew McConaughey stars as businessman Kenny Wells in this crime adventure from director Stephen Gaghan (Syriana). Wells teams with a geologist (Édgar Ramírez) to find gold in the Indonesian jungle. Though Gold began hitting theaters in December 2016, it receives a wide release this month, hoping to redeem McConaughey's summer 2016 misfire Free State of Jones.With a script by Patrick Massett and John Zinman (Lara Croft: Tomb Raider), Gold could stand apart as one of the few original adventure films coming out this month. In addition to McConaughey and Ramírez, the film features Bryce Dallas Howard, Joshua Harto, Corey Stoll, Toby Kebbell, and Bill Camp. It will also marks McConaughey's final big-screen role before he stars alongside Idris Elba in The Dark Tower.Check out the latest trailer for Gold.Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (Release Date: January 27)For 15 years, Milla Jovovich has proven that a popular video game series can be adapted into a financially successful film franchise. As Alice -- the central figure of the Resident Evil films -- the actress has taken on the Umbrella Corporation and hordes of zombies in five films, and the sixth entry, Resident Evil: The Final Chapter, aims to wrap up the series in epic fashion once and for all.A number of familiar faces from the franchise's history return to help Alice in one last showdown with Umbrella in Raccoon City, where the apocalypse started in the first place. Paul W.S. Anderson writes and directs this one, which should easily push the Resident Evil franchise reach a cumulative worldwide box office gross of $1 billion. Not too shabby.Check out the latest trailer for Resident Evil: The Final Chapter.-While many more exciting months may still await moviegoers in 2017, January brings several potential blockbusters to theaters, kicking the year off in style. Although the first quarter of any year is traditionally a quieter time in which the industry's awards season kicks into high gear, we're confident that this month brings a release or two you'll be excited to see. Let us know in the comments which films you'll be checking out in January.Once again, here are the 10 films to check out in January:January 6: Underworld: Blood Wars, A Monster CallsJanuary 13: The Bye Bye Man, Monster TrucksJanuary 20: The Founder, Split, xXx: The Return of Xander Cage, The Red TurtleJanuary 27: Gold, Resident Evil: The Final Chapter
Tags:
XXX: The Return of Xander Cage,
underworld 5,
gold,
a monster calls,
split,
the founder,
Resident Evil 7
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 1990s represented a real time of cultural change and creative progress in the world of the entertainment industry. Following the experimental and witty period of the 1980s, the 1990s allowed for creatives to take stock of what had worked, and what definitely hadn't, in order to keep producing art that would mean something - and, of course, sell tickets.Viewers flocked to their televisions in the tens of millions to watch the adventures of the Central Perk gang, or Frasier and Niles, or Martin and Tommy and Gina. The Seinfeld series finale is still one of the most contentious pieces of pop culture, even after all these years.In the world of film, Disney was going full steam ahead during their Renaissance period, and Pixar would begin making a name for itself then, too. The careers of future Hollywood icons like Jennifer Aniston, Matt Damon, and George Clooney would burst out into the cultural consciousness during that time period as well.However, for all the highs of the entertainment produced in the 1990s, there were definitely many, many lows - and some pretty embarrassing ones, at that. At least according to Rotten Tomatoes scores, the disparities between the best and the worst of the films of the '90s are quite surprising.Here are the 10 Best (And 10 Worst) '90s Movies According To Rotten Tomatoes.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewHard as it may be to imagine, someone, somewhere, once thought it would be a good idea to make a film starring Carrot Top as a surfer bro who, through sheer dumb luck, winds up the head of an incredibly profitable company. Chairman of the Board was released in 1998 to the near universal disdain of critics, going so far as to earn two Razzie nominations for Worst New Actor and Worst Supporting Actress.Beyond the ludicrous initial premise of the movie, the details that follow are even more dumbfounding.Some of the key items used in the plot are a hybrid television and TV dinner, an inherited surfboard, and goo that glows in the dark. The real mystery here is how this film even managed to score as high as a 13% on the Tomatometer.As we’ve previously mentioned, Disney had a real hot streak leading into the 1990s as the company entered the period that would come to be known as the Disney Renaissance. One of its biggest successes and most beloved films in this period is the 1992 classic, Aladdin, which scores in at a 94% on the Tomatometer.Buoyed by the voice work of a lifetime by the legendary Robin Williams as the wish-granting Genie, Aladdin has the heart of the best Disney movies, and the irreverent wit that the earlier films were lacking. Supported by a lively soundtrack, featuring classics such as “Friend Like Me” and “A Whole New World”, it was only a matter of time before the film entered the illustrious canon of the best Disney films ever made.It's hard work adapting a superhero franchise into film. Even in this day and age of the Marvel Cinematic Universe and, well, Wonder Woman, superhero adaptations can truly be hit or miss. There's a reason, after all, that we said Wonder Woman, and not the DCEU as a whole. We don't want to touch that one with a ten-foot pole. However, for the most part, superhero movies nowadays are legions better than they were in the 1990s - and the stark contrast between recent superhero films and 1997's Batman and Robin offers a clear cut example of that.Most movies in the superhero genre these days are pretty dark and gritty, action-heavy stories. Occasionally, lighter fare like Ant-Man or Deadpool enters the canon. However, Batman and Robin was a bloated, joke-heavy film featuring far too many characters to make any meaningful story, and far too many bad jokes to allow for any movement of plot or connections. Its 10% on Rotten Tomatoes is sadly all too well earned.Sometimes, art in its best form exists to challenge people, to stir up controversy, and to create conversations that have often been avoided. Films like the 1992 Academy award winner The Crying Game fit precisely in this complicated nexus of categories. The movie takes place in the contentious period of Irish history known as The Troubles, featuring a truly disparate cast of core characters that allow it to explore the struggles of Irish and British citizens through the lenses of class, gender, and race.It's perhaps one of the more uncomfortable movies on this list to discuss at great length, purely because of the ugly truths it reveals about what humans are capable of when at their worst.However, by prominently featuring such a diverse cast from all walks of life and including a lead transgender character, The Crying Game broke the silence on many social issues that desperately needed to be discussed, and therefore rightfully deserves its grade of 95%.Apparently, nothing says "this should be a plot of a romantic comedy!" like a group of preteen boys enlisting the services of a street worker to help them learn about women. The initial premise is definitely bawdier than most rom coms, and that's even before the romantic part of the plot is forced into existence.The year 1994's Milk Money finds a group of young boys desperate to learn the truth about women - including their anatomy. When they meet a street worker who's willing to help them out, nothing about this apparently set off any warning signs or alarms for the characters in the film, or the creators behind the making of it - but hey, it's okay. The street worker and one of the boys' fathers wind up falling in love, so there's nothing surprising to see here, not at all. Not even the confusing mob money storyline that takes up far too much of the movie.Sometimes, big isn't better, and the smallest movies can turn out to be some of the best ever made. The 1994 British romantic comedy Four Weddings and a Funeral is a prime example of this notion. Made on a budget of less than $3 million, the film would go on to gross nearly $250 million in its theatrical release - and for good reason, too. Starring the then up and comer Hugh Grant, the genuinely affecting story follows a group of close friends as they navigate love and loss.Even in its cheesiest moments, Four Weddings feels fresh, funny, and full of warmth. It masters the craft of the romantic comedy without ever feeling schmaltzy and overdone, more than earning the 95% Certified Fresh ranking it currently bears on Rotten Tomatoes.It wasn't just Batman and Robin that showed how poorly conceived superhero films could be in the 1990s. The 1990 adaptation of Captain America may have even been worse in many ways. Some of the beats the story of the film hits are similar in many ways to Captain America: The First Avenger - except for the fact that, well, that film worked tremendously well, and this one... did not, in any way.The overall look of both Captain America and the Red Skull is garish and overdone.The acting is truly shoddy, and the film's production was riddled with so much trouble that, despite being intended for a theatrical release during production, it wound up being released direct to video after a couple years of delay.It's not every day that a movie has the unenviable task of making a monstrous, psychopathic cannibal into a compelling, fascinating, entertaining character. Yet somehow, not only was that the exact task 1991's The Silence of the Lambs was forced to deal with - it was also one they completely succeeded in meeting. The Silence of the Lambs is, by all accounts, a horror movie - sure, it's one infused with aspects of a mystery and thriller, but a horror film all the same. In that regard, the film accomplished considerable feats that are almost unheard of in the world of horror.It was the winner of Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress, and Best Adapted Screenplay at the Oscars, and has long been considered one of the best films ever made, in large part due to the performances by Anthony Hopkins and Jodie Foster. The 95%, in some sense, seems almost too low for a film of such high regard and quality.Mr. Magoo is a character that has never really been culturally sensitive in any form. Whether in the frequently racist cartoons, or in 1997's Leslie Nielsen starrer, the character has led to a lot of controversy in its lengthy tenure. The simply titled Mr. Magoo found Leslie Nielsen tasked with bringing the often-clueless cartoon character to life. J. Quincy Magoo's adventures may have been amusing and outlandish in cartoon form, but in live action, they're just plain unbearable to sit through.However, thankfully for any potential viewers at the time, the film was faced with a far greater challenge: in addition to being a just plain bad story, it was found to be completely offensive to blind and near-sighted people. The 7% movie was even pulled from theatres only two weeks into its release.Mafia movies are incredibly common in Hollywood, with The Godfather and The Godfather II often hailed as some of the best movies ever made. But beyond The Godfather series, Goodfellas stands out as one of the strongest crime films ever produced, with the added bonus of being inspired by a true story.While the movie was merely a modest box office success, nearly earning double its $25 million budget, it was a massive critical success, resulting in six Oscar nominations and a win for supporting actor Joe Pesci.Rotten Tomatoes is so bold as to claim the movie as "the high point of Martin Scorcese's career," and when you look at all the film accomplished, thematically and stylistically and on sheer story and casting levels, it's hard not to agree with them. While it may not be The Godfather, there's no denying that the 96% rating the film holds is well-earned.It's not every day that you come across a movie that was marketed as a sequel to a film it truly has absolutely nothing to do with. The reported original, Troll, was released in 1986 and only has a 25% on Rotten Tomatoes. So it's not like there were very large shoes to fill, when Troll 2 was released in 1990. And yet, it managed to do even worse, earning a pathetic 6% on the Tomatometer.Of course, Troll 2 really has nothing to do with Troll, the mothership. There aren't even any trolls in the movie, but vegetarian goblins who turn people into vegetable goop, because why not? The film is far and wide considered one of the worst ever made, and yet, it lives on in infamy on the internet these days, frequently discussed and turned into memes and GIFs whenever the need arises for such things.Stop us if you've heard this one before. You'd be hard pressed to find a better comedy film to come out of the 1990s than the Bill Murray starring classic Groundhog Day. With a lofty 96% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, the film stands far and away as one of the best rated comedies of the '90s, if not all time.While Murray may have built his career with the likes of Saturday Night Live and the Ghostbusters films, Groundhog Day stands as perhaps the best representation of what his talents are really capable of. The movie has become such a cult classic hit that it would even go on to become a Broadway musical in the 2016 season.This definitely isn't the story of The Avengers you're thinking of. The 1998 film was a remake of the hit 1960s British spy series that aired nearly 200 episodes from 1961 to 1969. Despite having considerable star power among its cast, including Ralph Fiennes, Uma Thurman, and Sean Connery, this very well may be one of the worst British to American translation adaptations ever produced.Critics found the movie to be terribly dull in terms of its story (or lack thereof), and with almost all characters miscast, no matter the otherwise strength of the actors in other projects.The film failed to make back its budget of $60 million, which all but guaranteed its status as a box office bomb, and makes it more than deserve its paltry 5% rating.As we've seen so far, the length and strength of an actor's career prior to a project doesn't by any means guarantee whether the film will be a success. Harrison Ford may have been a star for the 1970s and 1980s, but by the time the 1990s rolled around, it wasn't a sure thing that his star power would continue to hold audience attention.However, the 1993 movie The Fugitive quickly put an end to any and all wondering, showing that the 96% rating it's been given on Rotten Tomatoes is entirely deserved. The film is emotionally gripping, a chase movie with real stakes that most action movies lack across the board. Harrison Ford's performance is a powerhouse, one of the strongest of his career, and Tommy Lee Jones similarly steals the show, even winning the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1994.The 1990s had a lot to live up to when it came to embracing the level of creativity and originality on display in the best films of the 1980s. The cult hit Who Framed Roger Rabbit was released in 1988 to wide acclaim, earning it a 97% on Rotten Tomatoes for its seamless blending of animation and live action.So it was inevitable, really, that imitations would come along - and likewise inevitable that they would never be as good as the Robert Zemeckis flick. The year 1992's Cool World is perhaps the most egregious example of a film that tried to be Roger Rabbit, and failed in every possible way. No matter its impressive animation, the film was darker, raunchier, and all the more uncomfortable to view because of it.Few Academy award-winning films can boast the fact that they were written by relative newcomer twentysomethings, and that the script started as an assignment in a course for Harvard. However, that's exactly the case of the now iconic 1997 film Good Will Hunting, which clocks in at a much-deserved 97% on Rotten Tomatoes.The movie put future A-listers Matt Damon and the Affleck brothers on the map, offering a glimpse at the then culturally-ignored world of South Boston's working class.With stunningly emotional work by Robin Williams, who earned the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor, and the young Damon, Good Will Hunting manages to tread familiar beats in a way that doesn't feel tired or overwrought. Will Hunting's story is uniquely his own, full of life and color and pain and love, beautifully directed by Gus Van Sant and scored to perfection by Danny Elfman.For some reason, Hollywood was convinced for a while that movies with talking babies were guaranteed to be sure fire hits. The '80s and '90s brought us films like Look Who's Talking, Look Who's Talking Too, and Look Who's Talking Now. However, 1999 brought us the film Baby Geniuses, which featured some considerable talent with the likes of Kathleen Turner, Christopher Lloyd, Peter MacNicol, and Dom DeLuise in its cast.However, unfortunately, it also featured a group of creepily CGI edited talking babies who, as a result of scientific experimentation, are now super geniuses. Nothing about the movie works, and no amount of talented adult casting could have helped it. It's no wonder that, in addition to a truly embarrassing 2% on Rotten Tomatoes, the film's consensus on the site reads, "Flat direction and actors who look embarrassed to be onscreen make Baby Geniuses worse than the premise suggests."Out of all the films on this list, L.A. Confidential may be the most affected by time. As a result of the revelations about Kevin Spacey during the #MeToo and #TimesUp era, it's hard to look back on his career and evaluate his work with an even mind. However, the 1997 movie L.A. Confidential stands out as one of the best of the 1990s for much more than just Spacey's performance.The film currently holds a strong 99% Certified Fresh ranking on Rotten Tomatoes, with only one review in the entire record being classified as a negative one. The movie was a hit at Cannes, a hit with critics, and a hit with audiences. It was nominated for a whopping nine Academy Awards, and has been chosen by the Library of Congress to be preserved as a significant cultural work.The pairing of Gene Hackman and Dan Aykroyd doesn't exactly sound like one that would lead to the best comedy ever made - and... well, that assumption would be all too correct. Loose Cannons may just have one of the most absurd, offensive starting premises of any movie made in recent decades: two police officers are tasked with finding and exposing an adult tape featuring a current male politician from Germany and a young former leader.Upon its release, the movie was universally panned, and to this day maintains a true goose egg score of 0% on Rotten Tomatoes, a feat that almost takes an impressive capability of being unabashedly awful.Even Aykroyd all but renounces his role in the movie, claiming in 2013 that it belongs in a landfill.Few movies have fundamentally changed the world of animation in the way that Toy Story did in 1995. Beyond introducing a relatively new form of animation to the world, the film introduced a story that didn't have to be totally defined by the archetypal hero's journey or princess narrative that Disney films had become so renowned for.Instead, Toy Story offers a story of jealousy, of hurt, of unlikely allies forced to work together to save their skins. It's a story of adventure and friendship and, ultimately, the nature of consciousness, hard as it may be to believe. For a kids' movie, it can get pretty intense at times. With a perfectly chosen voice cast including Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Wallace Shawn, and John Ratzenberger, Toy Story created instantly iconic characters, all by showing that toys have feelings, too. If that doesn't deserve a 100%, we're not sure what does.---What do you think were the best and worst of 1990s movies? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Just because Halloween is over doesn't mean the horrors have to end. In fact, for many of these series, the spooks and scares are only beginning with season one. A new string of debut shows recently hit Netflix and are quickly becoming everyone's favorite subject. The Chilling Adventures Of Sabrina, Haunted, and The Haunting Of Hill House dominate Netflix right now, but some of us aren't scared of the paranormal or don't believe in it. That's why we included Mindhunter and Black Mirror, two shows that are much too real in their delivery of serial killers and techno-paranoia. The one show we didn't feel the need to mention here is The Walking Dead simply because it's already so popular and loved. But don't worry, there's room for comic relief on this list, too.While the haunted house angle may seem outdated and overdone these days, The Haunting Of Hill House breathes fresh life into the horror sub-genre. The storyline time jumps between the past and present while following the lives of the Crain family, who were once victim to the haunting of their childhood home. Now, as dysfunctional adults, they must come together to grieve the loss of their sibling. Medical records say she killed herself inside Hill House, but the Crain family know it's never that simple. She saw something. Felt something. Was possessed by something -- the same something as their mother many years ago.There are two types of people in this world: those who believe in ghosts, and those who don't. If all the lights suddenly go off in your home, you may automatically assume something spooky is going on, while your partner is convinced it's an outlet issue -- just tech stuff. If you're a non-believer in the creepy paranormal, Haunted might change your mind. Each 20-ish-minute episode tells the "true" story of a haunting from a first-person perspective. The haunted individual shares their experience with friends and family in a secluded room with interwoven dramatic scenes to help capture their true fear.No matter what your deepest, darkest fear is, American Horror Story has got you covered. In the past eight seasons, they've touched on witches, demons, clowns, vampires, the apocalypse, hospitals, hotels, an insane asylum -- even bondage figures in black latex suits. It's impossible to get bored of American Horror Story since every season invites brand new characters and a brand new storyline. Granted, a lot of the actors are the same. The most recent season begins with a nuclear blast that wipes out the world's entire population, excluding a group of civilians living in Outpost 3, an underground bunker dedicated to those with a strong genetic makeup.There's a reason Alfred Hitchcock is considered one of the founding fathers of horror. He's like the Stephen King of the movie world. Based on the movie Pyscho, arguably Hitchcock's greatest piece of work, Bates Motel follows the lives of mother-son duo Norma and Norman. Yep, you guessed it, they share a much-too-close relationship with absolutely zero privacy or personal space. That is, until Norman makes some new friends in town that rub Norma the wrong way. Not to mention there's also a murder, the hiding of a dead body, and the secret-keeping behind it. The coastal town of White Pine Bay is also keeping a few secrets of its own.Black Mirror isn't your typical goblins and ghouls TV show. In fact, it's the complete opposite. This series explores the "what ifs" of techno-paranoia. Each episode delves into a different component of technology, from online dating to posting reviews to being trapped inside a video game. Imagine for a second that the characters (and horse) in Red Dead Redemption were real. They had their own thoughts and opinions but were being forced to play your game as a modern form of slavery for all of eternity. Black Mirror treats technology as your best friend and worst enemy, a similar perspective to those of us who love and hate our iPhone at the same time.Nothing to see here, just a regular girl's 16th birthday party. Yeah, right. The Chilling Adventures Of Sabrina takes elements of Sabrina The Teenage Witch and turns the genre upside down. This new adaptation is far spookier and darker than the original. We first meet Sabrina on the eve of her 16th birthday party, during which she's expected to pledge loyalty to the Dark Lord Satan. Either that, or continue to live a relatively normal life as half-witch, half-mortal with her friends, family, and boyfriend. Madame Satan isn't giving up that easily, though. She's willing to do whatever it takes to bring Sabrina over to the dark side.Nothing coy about this one. If you want an absolute bloodbath packed with disturbing middle-of-the-night kills, turn on Slasher. The title says it all. The series begins with a woman who returns to her small hometown where her parents were brutally murdered by "The Executioner" on the night of her birth. No one has seen this man's face or has any clue about his identity. During the week of her return, a new string of murders takes place based on the seven deadly sins: envy, gluttony, greed, lust, pride, sloth, and wrath. One reviewer actually said this show made her scream out loud.It's amazing how horror and comedy can be so well intertwined. Cabin In The Woods nailed it and now it's trickling down into television shows like Ash Vs. Evil Dead and Stan Against Evil. Scary movie fans should know Ash from The Evil Dead, but this time around he's all grown up and carrying a chip on his shoulder toward the paranormal world. Who could blame him? With his chainsaw arm and monster-fighting friends, Ash was always prepared for the day that evil would come back to haunt him and lead him back to that deathly cabin. He's waited 30 years to kick monster butt.Stranger Things came out of nowhere and was an immediate massive success for Netflix. Starring Winona Ryder, Stranger Things takes place in the fictional town of Hawkins, Indiana in the '80s. The Hawkins National Laboratory is inadvertently responsible for creating "the Upside Down" after conducting experiments on the paranormal and supernatural, sometimes using human subjects. The "Upside Down" abducts Will Byers in season one at the same as Eleven, a girl with special powers, escapes from the lab. Season two picks up a year after Will's rescue when his group of friends realizes there's more to the "Upside Down" than they ever imagined.Season two of Mindhunter is expected to air in 2019 -- but what's the big deal, right? Well, this series just goes to show that the worst monsters are real. They're walking among us. They look just like us. There are no ghosts or goblins in Mindhunter, just seemingly ordinary people who suddenly crack and carry out a string of murders. This based-on-true-events show explains how the term "serial killer" came to be. Ever wondered what was going through Ed Kemper's mind the day he decided to have intercourse with his mother's corpse? FBI agent Holden Ford is on a mission to find out.
Tags:
american horror story,
haunted,
bates motel,
Black Mirror,
ash vs evil dead,
mindhunter,
stranger things,
the haunting of hill house,
The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
There have always been a lot of good movies on Hulu, but 2019 has ushered in some absolute classics that the whole family will enjoy. Picking out the "best 10" wasn't easy, especially since it's so subjective, but we managed to select a variety of films from almost every possible genre. From animated classics like Shrek to cinematographic masterpieces like Silence, there truly is something for everyone on this list. Are you in the mood for a scare, a laugh, or a good cry? Hulu's got you covered. Here are 20 of the best movies on Hulu, streaming now.RELATED: The 25 Best Movies on Hulu Right NowCome on, who doesn't love the movie Shrek? This might make you feel old, but Shrek was released almost twenty years ago at the Cannes Film Festival. Hard to believe, right? Rocking a 90% on Rotten Tomatoes, this fairy tale film parody was (and is) enjoyed by almost everyone who sees it. In case you forgot, Shrek won the first ever Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and was also nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay. Maybe it had something to do with the amazing narrators, particularly Mike Myers and Eddie Murphy, or the well-placed (and often well hidden) adult humor and themes, but Shrek was (and is) a freaking masterpiece.Even though I knew how it ended, Apollo 13 is utterly captivating from beginning to end, because the performances are just that good. Given that it was directed by the legendary Ron Howard and has an all-star cast, including Tom Hanks and Kevin Bacon, they really couldn't go wrong with this one. Although it was released back in 1995, the film still maintains a 95% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, and will forever be one of the top 5 astronaut movies of all time.RELATED: 5 Terrifying Real-Life Scenarios in MoviesMartin Scorsese's intense period drama, Silence, follows two 17th-century Jesuit priests who travel to Japan to locate their missing mentor and spread Catholic Christianity throughout the region. In true Scorcese fashion, the results are pretty horrifying, but the film's setting (Taiwan) and cinematography are absolutely breathtaking. The movie was a failure at the box office but was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Cinematography (well deserved) and maintains a respectable 83% on Rotten Tomatoes.It's relatively rare for a zombie movie to get an 86% rating on Rotten Tomatoes, but 28 Days Later captured the imaginations of horror fans everywhere. After a highly contagious virus breaks out, four people struggle to survive in a post-apocalyptic world. Not exactly a new concept, but this British classic is credited with reinvigorating the zombie genre of horror film. In case you're still not sold on it, a poll was released in Time Out magazine that ranked it as the 97th best British film ever (and there have been a lot of them).RELATED: Alex Garland 'Doubts' 28 Months Later Will Ever HappenAnnihilation was only released a few months ago, but already it has an 89% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and was recently named by Barack Obama as one of his favorite movies of 2018. Not too shabby! If you're into science fiction, military scientists, and strong female leads, then this might be the film for you! Natalie Portman portrays a cellular-biology professor and former soldier who enters The Shimmer, an otherworldly quarantined zone created by a meteor striking Earth. What will she find when she's in there? You'll have to watch to find out.Considered by many to be the scariest movie of all time, The Exorcist is about the demonic possession and exorcism of a 12-year-old little girl, inspired by the 1949 real-life exorcism of Roland Doe. Creepily enough, the film had a troubled production that included an unexplained fire on set and multiple personal tragedies. All of the weird hype surrounding its creation paid off, because The Exorcist became one of the highest-grossing films in history and was nominated for ten Academy Awards (which was unheard of in the horror genre).RELATED: 10 Best Possession MoviesIt's often rare to watch a movie more than once, but Little Miss Sunshine is just. that. good. Good enough to actually buy, and watch again and again. The movie, which stars a very young Abigail Breslin, chronicles a quirky and dysfunctional family's cross-country road trip to get their daughter to the finals of a beauty pageant, come hell or high water. It doesn't sound like much on paper, but the film explores some really interesting themes, including unconditional love, body positivity, and society's concepts of "winning" and "losing." It's truly fabulous, and its 91% rating on Rotten Tomatoes speaks for itself.Love Actually might have just been removed from Netflix in 2019, but it is now readily available on Hulu. For those who haven't already seen it, the film is a romantic comedy starring Hugh Grant, Keira Knightley, Colin Firth, and countless other famous Brits you would easily recognize from the silver screen. The love theme explores the different lives of many individuals whose stories are all intertwined by the end of the film. It's definitely a gooey-gooey feel-good movie, but God knows we need more of those in the world right now.RELATED: 20 Details Behind The Making Of Love ActuallyAnyone who has watched this as a child will remember just how terrifying it is! Cujo, which is rumored to be getting a remake, was first released in 1983 and was based on the novel by Stephen King. This film is a horror cult classic, and viewers can only watch helplessly as a rabid St. Bernard mercilessly terrorizes a mother who is trapped inside a hot car with her young child. It's brutal, it's painful, and it proves that horror movies don't need a huge budget to make us pee our pants.Everyone in their mid-to-late thirties can rejoice, because The Neverending Story has finally come to Hulu and they can relive their childhood once again. Although it wasn't exactly the easiest movie to make, this film's weird AF scenes are burned into the memories of every child who ever watched it. There are several kids with odd names, a magical land called Fantastica that's ruled by a creepy child empress, a massive flying shih-tzu dragon hybrid called Falkor, an oracle, a haunting scene involving the death of a horse...they just don't make kids' movies like this anymore! If you think you just imagined how insane it was, you thought wrong. Ah, the '80s.
Tags:
hulu
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Family movie night is the best. It's the perfect chance to spend some time with the people that we love most and also watch an entertaining flick. When we have kids, we can't wait to show them some of our favorite movies and have them fall in love with the stories that we adored when we were growing up. Another great thing about family movie night is that it gives us the opportunity to talk about some of the characters and themes in the films that we're curling up in front of.It's time to pass the pizza and popcorn (and maybe some chocolate) and get watching. Here are the 10 best movies to watch with your kids on family night.SEE ALSO: Big Hero 6 Cast Returns for Kingdom Hearts 3Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThe 2015 Pixar film is all about emotion... literally.The story follows Riley Anderson (Kaitlyn Dias) as she and her mom (Diane Lane) and dad (Kyle MacLachlan) move to another city. The movie goes inside her head to explore five emotions: Disgust (Mindy Kaling), Sadness (Phyllis Smith), Fear (Bill Hader), Joy (Amy Poehler and Anger (Lewis Black). It's a truly sweet and heartwarming film that any kid (and adult) will love since the themes are realistic and perfect for chatting about afterward (while munching on more popcorn, of course). It's hard to imagine a better film to teach kids about their feelings and how to properly process them.SEE ALSO: Incredibles 2 Honest Trailer: Another Passable Pixar SequelIs there a more classic kids movie than Toy Story? Probably not, which is why it's another perfect pick for family movie night.The 1995 Pixar movie may look primitive by today's moviemaking standards but it's also historic because it was the first feature-length computer-animated film. These days, everything is computer animated, so it's cool to look back at this flick. The storyline follows toys who can talk and act real, namely Woody (voiced by Tom Hanks) and Buzz Lightyear (voiced by Tim Allen) as they settle their differences and become friends. That's a great lesson to impart to children, and we'll enjoy the nostalgia of this movie, too.SEE ALSO: 25 Disney Heroes Reimagined As VillainsThe 2012 Disney film follows video game/arcade characters Wreck-It Ralph (John C. Reilly), Sergeant Tamora Jean Calhoun (Jane Lynch), Vanellope von Schweetz (Sarah Silverman) and Fix-It Felix Jr (Jack McBrayer).It's one of the best movies for family night because kids will enjoy the colorful animation and adults will be impressed by the well-written script and feel a sense of nostalgia for playing video and arcade games while growing up.The sequel, Ralph Breaks The Internet, comes out in late November 2018, so in just a few months we can watch that for another family movie night. Our kids will beg us to watch that one, too.SEE ALSO: Frozen 2 Release Date Moved Up One Week in 2019The voice cast of this movie is perfect, it's endlessly quotable, and it's silly enough for kids but clever enough for adults. Released in 2000 by Disney, The Emperor's New Groove is another great pick for family movie night.David Spade is the voice of an emperor named Kuzco who is turned into a nice llama and has to figure out that being a good person is something that he should consider (another awesome lesson for little ones). John Goodman voices Pacha, the leader of the village. It's a simply hilarious movie that anyone will enjoy and it should be on our list for sure.SEE ALSO: Disney’s Star Wars Already Turns A Profit On Lucasfilm PurchaseDo we want to watch a hilarious animated film about animals who dare to go over the hedge to steal food from humans who live in the suburbs? Of course we do. If we've seen the 2006 Dreamworks film Over The Hedge, we can't wait to show this hilarious flick to our children.The voice cast is stellar, from Garry Shandling's turtle named Verne who decides to brave the human world to find food for his animal pals to Steve Carrel's squirrel named Hammy who can't stop moving around. It's sweet to watch these animals care for each other and also just plain funny to watch them see how much junk food humans eat.SEE ALSO: Tom Hanks Got Very Emotional Recording Toy Story 4’s EndingClassics exist for a reason and there are many animated movies which stand the test of time. The Lion King is one of them.As we get older, we realize how totally sad this movie is, but when we're kids, we simply enjoy the fun story of Simba (voiced by Matthew Broderick) and his sidekicks Nala (voiced by Moira Kelly), Pumbaa (voiced by Ernie Sabella), and Timon (voiced by Nathan Lane).The 1994 Disney movie is a perfect movie night pick for our family since it has beautiful music (written by the super talented Elton John) and colorful animation and a plot that keeps everyone interested. And we can all hate Simba's uncle Scar (voiced by Jeremy Irons) together.SEE ALSO: The Grinch Review: A Delightful, Modern Retelling Of A Christmas ClassicThe R.L. Stine book series was most likely a staple of our childhoods and the 2015 Rob Letterman-directed film, starring Jack Black and Dylan Minnette, should be a staple of our kids' childhoods as well (along with the books, of course). This movie is a charming tale about Minnette's teenage boy character Zach who moves next door to Hannah (Odeya Rush) and realizes that her dad is none other than R.L. Stine. They open some of his novels and all of the monsters and creatures descend upon the town. Oops. We'll need extra popcorn for this fun and thrilling film.SEE ALSO: Harry Potter: 10 Characters Voldemort Was Close With (And 10 He Couldn’t Stand)"Inconceivable." “As you wish...” "This is my favorite book in all the world, though I have never read it.”These are just a few lines from the classic movie The Princess Bride. Released in 1987, the Rob Reiner-directed film stars Robin Wright as the Princess Bride, also named Buttercup, along with Cary Elwes as Westley and Wallace Shawn as Vizzini. It would be a crime not to watch it at least once during your childhood (and it definitely needs multiple viewings). Your kids will fall in love with the story of star-crossed lovers who must face many obstacles (and the film includes a story within a story since it is also about the tale that a grandpa tells his ill grandchild).SEE ALSO: Fantastic Beasts & Harry Potter’s Different Grindelwalds Risk A Timeline ProblemA list about the best movies for family movie night has to include the Steven Spielberg-directed E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial In the 1982 film, Henry Thomas stars as a boy named Elliot who meets an alien and becomes friends with him, along with his brother Michael (Robert MacNaughton) and sister Gertie (Drew Barrymore in a beloved role). It couldn't be more heartwarming and adorable if it tried. It's a must-see.We should definitely watch this with our kids, if only so they can hear the classic line "E.T. phone home" (and repeat it to us all the time and then laugh hysterically as kids are prone to do).SEE ALSO: Ron Howard Open to Directing Another Star Wars MovieFinally, we have Coco, the 2017 animated Pixar film that follows 12-year-old Miguel who dreams of making music (voiced by Anthony Gonzalez) and his great-grandma, Coco.There has been a lot of buzz around this film and for good reason. What is so wonderful about this movie (and what helped it win Best Animated Feature Film at the 2018 Academy Awards) is the singing and dancing. This movie is what can definitely be described as a feast for the senses, and our kids won't be able to stop smiling and humming along. These ten films are movie night magic and perfection.READ MORE: Can You Name All These Movies From 2017?
Tags:
toy story,
pixar,
goosebumps,
the lion king,
wreck-it ralph,
the princess bride,
coco,
e.t. the extra-terrestrial,
disney
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Be prepared to never sleep again. Don't say we didn't warn you -- these horror flicks are not for the faint-hearted. While it may seem that possession movies are overdone these days and none of them are that different or unique from each other, we've rounded up 10 of the very best guaranteed to make you quiver in the dark. The possession sub-genre is undoubtedly crowded with competition, making the task of narrowing down the top 10 nearly impossible. But we did it. Grab some popcorn, turn down the lights (okay, maybe not all of them), and press play... if you dare.We cannot -- and will not -- discuss possession movies without tipping our hat to The Exorcist. Seriously, you don't understand. This 1973 classic is what started it all. What makes it even scarier is that it's loosely based on actual events. When Regan starts acting strange (speaking in tongues and levitating), her mother seeks medical help only to reach a dead end. Her only glimmer of hope is a priest who requests to perform an exorcism on Regan. Not only is this movie terrifying, but its special effects were also well ahead of its time. That puking scene with Regan in her bed is too much for some people.The Conjuring introduces fans to Lorraine and Ed Warren, the same paranormal investigators who examined the Amityville house. All of this is true, by the way. The Warrens are real people and the Amityville murders really happened. The first Conjuring movie summons the Warrens to the Perron house where a supernatural presence has made itself known to their five daughters. Honestly, the second Conjuring might even be scarier as it introduces the nun from Lorraine's haunted childhood. The Conjuring 3 is set for release in July of 2019, and we can't wait to see what the Warrens are up to now.Sometimes, the movies with the smallest budget make the biggest impact. Just look at The Blair Witch Project. The first Paranormal Activity started with a budget of $11,000 and earned $193 million for Paramount. No biggie. In the film, we meet young couple Katie and Micah who move into a new house in San Diego. Micah quickly learns that Katie's been keeping a big secret from him: she used to see demons as a child, one of which has come back to haunt her in adulthood. Again, no biggie. Wouldn't that be a deal breaker for some? Anyway, this demon is back with an angry vengeance.Rosemary's Baby is unlike most possession movies for a number of reasons. Firstly, the possessed individual (her baby) is never seen, so it's up to our imagination to figure out what's wrong with it. The imagery of Rosemary's reaction to finally seeing her child inside the crib is beyond disturbing (see above). Secondly, there's an underlying cult storyline as members of Rosemary's building plot to impregnate her with Satan's seed -- all while she thinks this baby is going to be her sweet bundle of joy. Nope. Wrong. Rosemary becomes increasingly isolated and sickly carrying a demon baby. The diabolical truth is revealed only after Rosemary gives birth.Okay, now this is where things get confusing. Some viewers believe Insidious and The Conjuring are tied. You'll be able to guess why in a second. After Josh and Renai Lambert's son falls into an inexplicable coma, they search for answers in the paranormal world. They begin seeing dark shadows and hearing noises on the baby monitor. So, they call over Josh's mother, Lorraine (possibly from The Conjuring?) and a team of paranormal investigators. Leader Elisa Reiner fears their son has traveled too far into a purgatory realm called "The Further." Elise must then enter the realm herself to bring the boy back. Side note: Patrick Wilson also stars in both movies, which is confusing if there's no connection between the two.Let's be honest, both the original and remake of Evil Dead are equally terrifying. We really can't pick which is better. The film franchise introduces us to Ashley "Ash" Williams and his group of friends who hike into the woods for an overnight stay in a secluded cabin. There, they find the Necronomicon book, which is filled with ancient texts that reawaken the dead. Naturally, Ash's possé can't resist the temptation to read a page or two and inadvertently release a flood or evil. The creepiest scene of all takes place in the 2013 version when Mia gets "stuck" in a tree.Possession movies aren't exclusive to the US -- just ask Paco Plaza, the director of Veronica. This Spanish flick takes place during a solar eclipse when Veronica and her friends want to summon the spirit of Veronica's father using an Ouija board. Yeah, cause that always goes well. Veronica loses consciousness and it soon becomes clear that evil demons have possessed her. Oh, did we mention that it's inspired by true events? The rolling end credits are accompanied by pictures from the police report. Local officers reported that they saw a "situation of mystery and rarity." Analyze that any way you'd like.The true horrors of this movie lie in its backstory. Let's begin with serial killer Ronald DeFeo who murdered his father, mother, two brothers, and two sisters in their sleep. Why? Allegedly because voices told him to. Fast forward some weeks later when the Lutzs moved in, unaware of the horrors that unfolded inside their home. Like DeFeo, the Lutzs also reported hearing voices and seeing paranormal figures. It got so bad that they moved out in a whim without ever returning for their furniture or belongings. Come on, how can a movie about these events possibly be anything less than alarming?It's not a happy ending for Emily Rose. We learn that at the beginning of the film when Father Richard Moore, the Catholic priest who attempted the exorcism, is arrested and sent to court. The rest of Emily's story is told through flashbacks and the evidence provided by witnesses. The prosecution claims Emily suffered from epilepsy and psychosis to explain her erratic behavior -- elevating, speaking in tongues, bending her body in ways it shouldn't bend -- but Moore is convinced there's more to it than science. The Exorcism Of Emily Rose plays the science vs. religion card harder than any possession movie.This sequel is way better than the original. Seriously, don't bother with that one. Ouija 2: Original Of Evil takes place in 1967 Los Angeles in the home of widowed mother Alice Zander. Her youngest daughter, Doris, misses her father terribly and tries to make contact with him using an Ouija board. When will these people learn? Naturally, things don't go according to plan and the merciless spirit takes over Doris's body. Never have we laid eyes on a creepier little girl. The special effects in this movie are top notch as Doris's mouth stretches and her eyes roll in the back of her head.
Tags:
evil dead,
Paranormal Activity,
ouija,
the exorcist,
the amityville horror,
Insidious,
The Conjuring,
rosemarys baby,
the exorcism of emily rose
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Holiday season has arrived and this is the time where families get together and people are looking for love. What better way to find some inspiration in finding that love then with some romantic movies?Not all the movies on this list are pure romantic movies, some are comedy dramas with a romantic twist. Nevertheless, all of the entries contain enough heat that we don't feel bad recommending them.Here are Screen Rant's 10 Romantic Movies You Should See From 2015Click the button below to start this article in quick viewA freak accident leaves a young woman without the ability to age. Doesn't sound like a bad problem to be young forever, but Blake Lively makes you feel the struggles and sadness Adaline is going through. She's always on the run and has given up on finding love.This is a beautifully shot movie. Director Lee Toland Krieger moves does a great job of telling the through the changing styles and spectacular visuals of old and new San Francisco. It's one of those rare romantic movies where sex, violence, or bad language don't make an appearance. Even though it's fairly predictable how the story ultimately will end, the journey to it is satisfactory and filled with a genuine and sweet moments.The film's old fashion portrayal of dating is timeless. It's definitely one of the better romantic movies of the year.Chris Evan's directorial debut (yes, Captain America made a movie) is a romantic pleaser. Starring opposite Alice Eve in this tale of an unlikely chance encounter at a subway. Two strangers stranded for the night with nowhere to go embark on a journey throughout NYC.What could happen when you get two good-looking people together with nothing to do for an entire night? Of course sparks will fly, right? While the concept sounds predictable, the outcome isn't clear-cut. It's hard not to root for these two to end up together at the end, but its intriguing to see them navigate and help each other through their personal issues, all in one night.In an Oscar worthy performance by Saoirse Ronan, this romantic drama is as much about finding love as it is about finding your place in the world.Ronan plays Eilis, a young Irish woman who immigrates to Brooklyn. While the story takes place in the 1950s, it can easily be applied in today's day and age. Eilis meets a Yankee loving Italian guy who makes her start to forget about feeling like an outcast in her new country. Eilis's struggle between going back to Ireland or staying for her new man definitely pulls on the heartstrings.Just like in The Age of Adeline, Brooklyn has a great old-school feel and look to it that only makes you wish you could experience love during those times. A must-see romantic movie.After the flop that was Maleficent, Disney does everything right with the live-action version of Cinderella. A mainly British cast, lead by Lily James as Cinderella, dazzles with this refreshing take on the Disney princess.It's a wonderfully-compiled film with plenty of magical sets and costumes, but it's Cinderella that steals your heart. Prince Charming isn't as charming as his name makes him to be, though his unaware ways make him endearing. Disney can make anyone feel warm and fuzzy, but Cinderella is not only heartwarming, but also entertaining. A romantic movie for both the Disney and non-Disney lover.A story of two women who fall in love amid the controversy that follows one of them. Cate Blanchette and Rooney Mara are spectacular as the forbidden lovers. The film's story takes place in 1950s New York, which seems like a theme for romantic movies in 2015.Carol is as sensual and tense as it gets for a romantic movie. Just the mere interaction between Blanchette and Rooney's characters is romantically charged enough to convey the passion just with a few stares. It's an ambitious film by Todd Haynes that explores a romantic bond between two women during times when it was considered criminal for two people of the same-sex to engage in romantic relationships.Will Smith and Margot Robbie are expert con artists that scheme their way through life. So on the surface this doesn't look like a romance of any sorts, but it is. At the core of the movie is the relationship between Smith and Robbie's characters. It's a gender battle for supremacy with mutual attraction and love hidden beneath the surface of their relationship.Focus doesn't have to be a pure romance in order for it to be enjoyed. This is a fun and exciting movie that can be enjoyed for the action and sex appeal.There couldn't be a romantic movies list without a Nicholas Sparks movie in it. The Longest Ride is yet another Sparks novel turned into a movie. A bull rider and a NYC-bound college girl getting together? Only in a Sparks movie this can happen. Britt Robertson and Clint's boy Scott Eastwood are the only ones that can make this romance work.This film isn't a huge leap from the style of other Sparks adaptations; it actually falls in line with the others, which isn't a bad thing. How bad can it be to watch two good looking young people find love in the unlikeliest of ways? Sparks makes it happen and it's worth at least a rental for a hot date night.One of those coming-of-age movies where a mystery search for a girl will decide if friendship or love will prevail. Margo (Cara Delevingne) and Quentin (Nat Wolff) are a cute pair of naïve teens who run and hide from each other with the hope of love guiding Quentin to her. It's not like The Fault In Our Stars, which is what the filmmakers were going for, but it's still a romantic adventure that pleasing and entertaining not only for the teenage audience. Thanks to an excellent performance from current it-girl Cara Delevingne, this movie will probably be on a lot of teenage girls' top 10 lists this year.A rom-com with Jason Sudeikis and Alison Brie attempting to swear off any hookups in hopes to finding love. It's a portrayal of modern-day dating and relationships. The hot and cold relationship between Sudeikis and Brie is fairly authentic and relatable. Can they swear off hookups or are they so prone to them that they can't change their ways?It's an enjoyable film that didn't even crack a million bucks at the box office, but it's well worth spending a few bucks to rent it to get some laughs and perspective on modern dating.From a movie that made under a million at the box office to one that made over a $109 million more. Amy Schumer was the queen of the summer and it was mainly due to this film. A hilarious take on modern dating from a female perspective.A commitmentless lifestyle gets put to the test as Amy meets a successful sports doctor that is starting to change her thinking on dating. Plus, he's LeBron's doctor and buddy so that can't hurt his credibility. This is a must-see, and for those few people who have managed not to see the film yet, were you trapped in a cave or something? Date night? Friend night? Trainwreck is a movie for any night.This might be a controversial title, but it does at least belong in an honorable mention. Mommy porn or not, bookstores sell the book in the romance novels sections, while it's plainly clear that it's erotica. As far as the movie goes, it would be hard to recommend to anyone that this mindless soft core porn would be a date night favorite, but it still falls under the "romance" genre on Rotten Tomatoes, so it belongs right?Now if someone can recommend some acting classes for the lead actors then that might be worth a wait for the sequel.-Do you agree with the mentioned titles or are there some stellar romantic movies missing from this list? Share your thoughts and critiques in the comments section below.
Tags:
cinderella,
50 Shades of Grey,
Focus,
paper towns,
before we go,
the age of adaline,
trainwreck,
brooklyn,
the longest ride,
sleeping with other people,
carol
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Thanks to streaming services, fans of every genre can find plenty to watch outside of primetime television. If your tastes tend toward the science fiction, there are plenty of offerings, both old and new, on Hulu. You can get lost in space in a futuristic series or watch investigators try to determine what's the truth at the heart of a case. You can travel through time or see a time you hope will never come.PREVIOUSLY: Twilight Zone Super Bowl TV Spot: Jordan Peele Is the New Rod SerlingWhether you're looking for a show to get into early or a series that was on for years and will take you a while to get through, there's something for everyone.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewYes, the Arrowverse currently rules over CW's primetime television (and it's even growing), but once upon a time, there was only one superhero series part of its lineup. Smallville told the origin story of Tom Welling's Clark Kent, who would go on to become Superman.For 10 seasons, it followed him from the small town of Smallville to the big city of Metropolis and his journalistic work at the Daily Planet alongside Lois Lane. The series introduced other well-known masked heroes, including those who would go on to have their own television series, like the Green Arrow, or appear in other shows, like the Black Canary.Fans of the Marvel Cinematic Universe won't want to miss this one. Marvel's Runaways fits right in with the movies and other television series available across ABC and Netflix. Those looking for the world of the Avengers or SHIELD on a (much) smaller scale need look no further.The series follows six teenagers who don't get along but have a common enemy: their evil parents. It's a Hulu original, and the entire second season was just released on the streaming service in December. In the new episodes, the teenagers are on the run and trying to hide from their parents while also trying to figure out how to stop them.What if you had the ability to change history? James Franco's Jake Epping does in this eight-episode miniseries, Hulu's 11.22.63, based on Stephen King's novel, 11/22/63. The history teacher is given the opportunity to travel back in time and prevent John F. Kennedy's assassination on November 22, 1963.However, as Jake learns, changing the past is easier than said done because history wants to happen as it did. It's one of many time travel-related series, and the best part of this subgenre of science fiction is you can love them all and find something to appreciate in every one of them.Stargate SG-1 was part of the Stargate franchise and took place a year after the movie, Stargate. It followed SG-1, a military team made up of soldiers and scientists, that traveled to other planets to explore, make alliances, resolve conflicts, investigate ancient mysteries and defend Earth from hostile forces.RELATED: 15 Things You Never Knew About Stargate SG-1The Stargate that allowed them to travel between planets allowed the series to explore a variety of places and threats. The series was not only very popular, but it also received several nominations, including for Emmys. It also led to several spinoffs, Stargate Atlantis, Stargate Universe and the animated Stargate Infinity.12 Monkeys showed what happened when, 27 years after a virus wiped out most of humanity, someone traveled back in time and tried to save the future. The first three seasons of the Syfy time travel series are already available on Hulu, so you can watch the beginning of Cole and Cassie's journeys.Cole used a risky time travel machine to go back in time and try to find the origin of the deadly plague that eventually decimated the human race, and that was just the beginning. The series was loosely based on the 1995 movie with the same name.2004's Battlestar Galactica picked up where the 2003 miniseries left off, as the last surviving humans traveled on a fleet of ships led by President Laura Roslin and Commander William Adama. They were chased by Cylons that wanted to wipe out humanity, but little did they know that there could be Cylons closer than they even realized.The survivors traveled across the galaxy looking for the long-lost Earth. Earlier seasons were much stronger than the later ones, but it is still a television show worth binging, and Hulu gives you the perfect opportunity to do just that. Both the miniseries and the series are available to stream.Do you want to believe? The truth is out there. The X-Files followed FBI agents Scully and Mulder as they attempted to explain the unexplainable. The concept of the original series was simple: he believed, while she sought a scientific reason behind their cases.RELATED: The X-Files Season 11: Finale & [SPOILER] Reveal ExplainedThough the series' original nine season run ended in 2002, Fox brought it back for two additional seasons, with the season 11 finale airing in March 2018. All 11 seasons are available to stream on Hulu, so whether you're an old fan who wants to rewatch them all or a newer fan who maybe only caught the revival, you're in luck.There may have only been one season (and a follow-up movie) of Firefly, but it is easily one of the best science fiction series ever. There are fans just discovering the series now, and that's because it's available to stream on Hulu.Captain Malcolm "Mal" Reynolds led his crew on the Firefly-class spaceship Serenity, and it's likely you were able to find at least one character you loved among those on board.It was a space adventure and science fiction series that may not have been perfect but was certainly memorable, in great part because it was canceled too soon.In a way, Timeless was the little show that could, mainly, the little show that could survive cancelation — twice! Three strangers became family as they traveled through time and tried to stop the enemy that wanted to change history.NBC canceled the series after the first season, but then surprisingly took back that decision. The series returned for a second season, but then it was canceled again. However, fans were treated to a two-hour wrap-up movie in December, which not only tied all the loose threads together but also teased future life, just in case. For now, fans have to just make do with two seasons and a movie, all of which is available on Hulu.The Handmaid's Tale has been quite the success for Hulu, and it will be back for a third season soon.The dystopian drama is based on Margaret Atwood's 1985 novel and imagines a future with widespread infertility. The totalitarian Gilead becomes the government, and women become subservient to men, serving as Marthas, who work in the house, and handmaids, women who are fertile and whose sole purpose is to produce children for the man of the house and his wife. It's a bleak world, and it's a television series that has received numerous awards, for the show itself and its actors, and nominations.NEXT: What To Expect From The Handmaid's Tale Season 3
Tags:
firefly,
hulu,
the handmaid's tale
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Every great film begins with a script, which must be adapted into live-action by a competent director - entrusting the right cast to do the story justice. But it's nearly impossible for a modern film to hit the big screen without some changes along the way. Oftentimes, that means tweaking or outright shedding scenes that steal attention away from the movie's larger moments and plots. But occasionally, it's the moments when actors go OFF the script that is most remembered.To offer just a small taste of the evidence, we present you with our list of the 10 Greatest Unscripted Movie Scenes.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewWhen Indiana Jones' leading lady is kidnapped in search of a holy relic in Raiders of the Lost Ark, the film's hero finds himself seriously outmatched. Instead of trying to actually fight a skilled swordsman, Jones simply pulls out his gun and drops his opponent with a single shot. The original script had called for a lengthy fight sequence, but when Harrison Ford was struck with food poisoning the night before filming, his energy was so sapped on set, he asked Steven Spielberg if he could simply shoot the man instead. The director agreed, and one of Indy's most iconic moments was born.Heath Ledger's Joker is a comic book villain for the ages, blending anarchy with dark humor in nearly every one of his scenes in Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight. After finding himself in police custody, he witnesses firsthand Jim Gordon's promotion to the rank of Police Commissioner. As the officers in the room applaud their colleague, the mocking, expressionless clapping from the jail cell grabs all their attention, putting the camera squarely on Joker - a chilling moment that Ledger completely improvised during the scene.Martin Scorsese and Robert DeNiro will forever be remembered for the chilling tale of Travis Bickle, the insomniac star of Taxi Driver - particularly Bickle's unforgettable mirror monologue centered on a single question: "You talkin' to me?" But the script only stated that Travis should begin speaking to himself in front of the mirror, without any specific details on what sort of scene to play out. The lines which followed were improvised by DeNiro entirely on the spot, with his words, raised eyebrow, and general attitude coming to define the actor for decades to come.James Cameron's sequel to Alien helped define the sci-fi genre of futuristic space marines now seen in film, TV, and even video games - but not every one of those soldiers has what it takes to bring down the franchise's Xenomorph enemies. After the first attack decimates the marines and their drop ship crash lands, the script called for Private Hudson - played by Bill Paxton - to panic, but the actor decided to add a bit of video game lingo to the line, giving the film - and the genre - one of its most beloved quotes: "Game Over, man!"The most iconic scene from Bryan Singer's The Usual Suspects centers on a police line-up of the film's main cast of criminals. But writer Christopher McQuarrie came up with just a single line of dialogue for each actor to repeat, meaning it was up to the actors to shape the rest of the scene. When it came time to film, the actors sought to outdo one another, turning the scene into a mess of laughter. Even McQuarrie himself - playing the police officer on the intercom - got in on the action, asking actor Benicio del Toro to offer the line "in English please," getting an unscripted response in return.The underwater menace of Steven Spielberg's Jaws goes unseen for most of the film, finally revealing its incredible size as Police Chief Brody is throwing chum overboard to attract it, leaving him (and the audience) in shock. As Brody comes to his senses, he turns to the vessel's captain to inform him that "you're gonna need a bigger boat." The warning was improvised by actor RoyScheider during the scene, with the success of the film making it one of the most famous lines in movie history.When the heroes of Star Wars find themselves ambushed during the final act of The Empire Strikes Back, Han Solo is captured by the bounty hunter Boba Fett, planned to be frozen in carbonite and returned to Jabba the Hutt. With his character's future uncertain, Han and Leia were meant to say their goodbyes in the form of matching "I love you"s. But director Irvin Kershner felt something was missing, and told actor Harrison Ford to simply respond the way he felt his character should before shouting "Action!"What Ford came up with captured the smuggler's attitude perfectly, and offered a line no Star Wars fan will ever forget.Stanley Kubrick's tale of supernatural and psyhological terror was an instant classic, due as much to Jack Nicholson's crazed descent into madness as the novel upon which The Shining was based. When Jack turns on his family - chasing his wife and son into a bathroom - he begins chopping through the door with a fire axe, before offering a twisted version of the phrase made famous on The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson: "Heeeeeeere's Johnny!" The line became a shorthand for the entire movie, despite it not appearing in Kubrick's original screenplay, improvised by Nicholson during the scene.Few cinematic psychopaths have even come close to the character of Dr. Hannibal Lecter, played by Anthony Hopkins in The Silence of The Lambs. While Hopkins proved chilling in every one of his scenes, 'Hannibal the Cannibal' cemented his legacy with a single anecdote involving a dinner of "fava beans, and a nice chianti." Hannibal's specific tastes were found in the script, but Hopkins' unsettling suckling sound effect wasn't. The actor had started making the sound to creep out his co-star Jodie Foster during rehearsals, and the director decided it was too good to leave out.Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels came up with more than a few unforgettable exchanges and physical gags as the co-leads of Dumb & Dumber, but for a scene in which a hitman discovers how the pair entertain themselves on long road trips the duo went completely off script. The back and forth wordplay, poking, and Carrey's reveal of 'the most annoying sound in the world' were all thought up on the spot with no warning given to the actor between them - meaning his reaction was genuine.So what do you think of our list? Did we miss any of your favorite improvised or unscripted scenes? Let us know in our comment section and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for more videos like this one.
Tags:
batman,
star wars,
the dark knight,
Indiana Jones,
dumb and dumber,
jaws,
aliens
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
After a fight with her fiancee, aspiring fashion designer Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) packs her things and hits the open road - leaving her apartment and engagement ring behind. However, after fueling-up at a rural gas station, Michelle's car is struck by another driver, knocking her unconscious, as her vehicle tumbles off the road. Following the accident, Michelle awakens in unfamiliar surroundings - she's handcuffed to the wall of a sparse, concrete room with no windows. In time, Michelle learns that she is the guest of a mysterious doomsday prepper, Howard Stambler (John Goodman), who claims to have stumbled upon her wrecked car, rescued her, treated her wounds, and brought her to his underground fallout shelter to recover - on the eve of an extinction-level nuclear disaster that rendered Earth's surface uninhabitable.In spite of her suspicions, and with no alternative choices, Michelle attempts to embrace life underground. Though, with no first-hand knowledge of the alleged danger up on the surface, she struggles to trust Stambler, given that her rescuer could be mistaken, completely insane, or worst of all - intentionally holding her hostage under false pretense.While many moviegoers might assume that 10 Cloverfield Lane is a sequel to the fan-favorite found-footage kaiju film Cloverfield from director Matt Reeves (Dawn of the Planet of the Apes), 10 Cloverfield Lane was actually developed, initially, as a standalone story from John Campbell and Matt Stuecken. Originally dubbed The Cellar, the film was rebranded under the Cloverfield series banner when Paramount Pictures, and Cloverfield producer J.J. Abrams, acquired the script. Ultimately, the movie's journey to the big screen doesn't undercut 10 Cloverfield Lane's quality as a standalone tale but viewers hoping for a direct sequel to Cloverfield will find sparse (at best) connective tissue within the film's world and story. That's all to say, 10 Cloverfield Lane has little in common with Cloverfield but is, nevertheless, a clever, thrilling, and downright fun movie experience.Former Totally Rad Show co-creator, and Portal: No Escape director, Dan Trachtenberg helms 10 Cloverfield Lane - and the freshman filmmaker proves himself in both storytelling and visual flare. Despite a straightforward setting, Trachtenberg injects rich world-building and cinematic flourishes that enliven what could have otherwise been a dull (albeit well-written) drama-thriller. In fact, 10 Cloverfield Lane actually benefits from Trachtenberg's inexperience - who, backed by the confidence (and money) of producer J.J. Abrams, turns wide-eyed enthusiasm into a polished mix of gripping mystery, impactful drama, lush cinematography, and clever scenes of levity.In that respect, 10 Cloverfield Lane manages to replicate the playful but frightening tone that made Cloverfield both a grounded character story and a well-realized piece of science-fiction. Given that much of Trachtenberg's success comes from smart setup and satisfying payoffs, in both the film's central mystery and clever twists along the way, viewers should avoid spoilers ahead of time. Nevertheless, the strength of 10 Cloverfield Lane isn't in answers to its mysteries - the film is most satisfying and most affecting when subverting (and toying with) viewer expectations. For that reason, audience members who have previously been frustrated by a J.J. Abrams "mystery box" TV show or movie will find the producer isn't concerned with concrete answers here either; instead, Abrams and Trachtenberg place their characters in a unique situation - and follow those characters through to a satisfying conclusion.Mary Elizabeth Winstead and John Goodman are at the center of that interplay - responsible for making loaded banter between two people in a kitchen just as absorbing as discovering what (if anything) is happening outside of the fallout shelter. Supported by sharp script work, Winstead's Michelle is a relatable entry point for the audience - one that is made even more compelling by Trachtenberg's firm control over the unfolding of 10 Cloverfield Lane and its mysteries. Michelle isn't afforded award-contender moments to pontificate but Winstead succeeds where Trachtenberg needs her most: a likable stand-in for the viewer, ensuring Michelle's fear, confusion, and relief in any given scene transfer onto 10 Cloverfield Lane's audience.Similarly, Goodman tackles a tough challenge - presenting Howard as a believable human being that falls somewhere between an eccentric but well-intentioned hero and full-on unhinged psychopath (depending on scene context). The actor moves with ease along that spectrum and Trachtenberg carefully juxtaposes Goodman's imposing physicality (especially given the small underground space) with quiet glimpses of tenderness - while exploiting the star's affable personality to punctuate fleeting glimpses at an underlying mean streak. Winstead makes for a witty protagonist but it is Goodman that ensures 10 Cloverfield Lane will keep its audience guessing.10 Cloverfield Lane is also playing in IMAX theaters but only the most dedicated viewers will likely find a premium ticket worthy of the added cost. Given that so much of the film takes place underground, in a confined space, Trachtenberg rarely gets an opportunity to take full advantage of IMAX format benefits.  That said, crisper sound and a bigger picture will contribute to a more immersive viewing - if for no other reason than the final act offers welcome contrast to the intimate drama and claustrophobic setting that dominate the first two-thirds of the film.10 Cloverfield Lane could be considered a distant-relative of its predecessor but the two are not directly linked - at all. For that reason, where viewers can expect certain tonal elements of the original film to resurface in Trachtenberg's movie, ticket buyers should base their interest on what is shown in the trailer - not what they might hope has been left out. Trachtenberg doesn't drive toward an earth-shattering reveal or over-arching moral, so moviegoers who want answers to every question will be left to fill in more than a few blanks (not to be mistaken as plot holes) on their own. Still, on its own terms, 10 Cloverfield Lane is a top-notch movie experience - with solid execution from a passionate freshman filmmaker. Trachtenberg has produced a taut, humorous, and often terrifying debut - one that will, without a doubt, have plenty of fans crying for another entry (be it sequel or spiritual successor) in the Cloverfield series.TRAILER10 Cloverfield Lane runs 105 minutes and is Rated PG-13 for thematic material including frightening sequences of threat with some violence, and brief language. Now playing in regular and IMAX theaters.Let us know what you thought of the film in the comment section below. If you’ve seen the movie and want to discuss details about the film without worrying about spoiling it for those who haven’t seen it, please head over to our 10 Cloverfield Lane Spoilers Discussion.For an in-depth discussion of the film by the Screen Rant editors check back soon for our 10 Cloverfield Lane episode of the Total Geekall podcast.
Tags:
cloverfield 2
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A fan-made alternate ending to 10 Cloverfield Lane gives fans the ending they deserved by removing the alien spaceship and adding in the original monster in its place. After years of waiting, J.J. Abrams and Bad Robot Productions finally delivered a Cloverfield sequel in the form of Dan Trachtenberg's 10 Cloverfield Lane. Sure, it wasn't a direct sequel to the original 2008 film, but the 2016 spiritual sequel did expand the franchise enough to set up future anthology installments down the line.Still, while people knew 10 Cloverfield Lane wasn't a direct sequel, they still hoped that the monster outside the hatch/bunker would be the original Cloverfield monster. That wasn't the case. Instead, there were alien ships circling that caused the fallout and disaster outside. And then at the end of the film, when Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) was approaching the Texas border, she heard a voice on the radio asking for help in Houston. Instead of heading towards refuge in Baton Rouge, she turned towards Houston to aid the resistance. That's when the audience sees another alien ship hovering in the middle of the storm. Though tantalizing, 10 Cloverfield Lane's ending was a bit underwhelming. But now a new video is looking to right that wrong.Related: How All The Cloverfield Movies ConnectYouTube channel ToolBrowny edited 10 Cloverfield Lane's ending to replace the alien ship with the original Cloverfield monster, thus giving fans a more natural connection to Matt Reeves' Cloverfield film. You can watch the video in the section above.With Julius Onah's The Cloverfield Paradox now out on Netflix, it appears 10 Cloverfield Lane is the outlier amongst the three films that have released so far. Cloverfield Paradox's near future story about a particle accelerator accident breaking the space-time continuum and ripping apart the dimensional barriers is what gives the Cloverfield monster (and the franchise) its origin.Because of the Shepard particle accelerator, monsters and aliens are ravaging the world across time. But people aren't interested in aliens; Cloverfield fans wanted another monster movie, that's why people clamored for Cloverfield 2 for so many years, and many still are hoping for a direct Cloverfield sequel one day. Even though 10 Cloverfield Lane doesn't present much of that monster story on-screen, the aforementioned fan-made alternate ending does tie the film's story into the Cloverfield universe much more organically than the one that was shown in the final cut.Now that 10 Cloverfield Lane and The Cloverfield Paradox are in the past (or the future?), hopefully, a more monster-esque story lies ahead with Bad Robot's forthcoming Cloverfield 4, aka Overlord, which is due out in theaters this October.More: The Cloverfield Paradox Broke J.J. Abrams’ Mystery BoxSource: ToolBrowny/YouTube
Tags:
cloverfield 2
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
We’ve all been there before – a new movie we’ve been dying to see for years is on its way. The trailers tease what could very well be some amazing stuff, the posters and TV spots hint at something better than we could have imagined. But yet when the film finally does arrive, it doesn’t deliver in any of the ways that we had thought, hoped or needed it to.For movie lovers, heightened expectations are par for the course. The quality of every new release is anyone’s guess until it actually arrives in theaters. Up until that time, imaginations can get lead in different directions – spurned on by misleading promotional campaigns. Hollywood studios are highly skilled at enticing their audiences into theaters. Sometimes this pays off and sometimes it doesn't.Yesterday’s surprise trailer for the J.J. Abrams-produced sequel to 2008’s Cloverfield seemed to come out of nowhere and create a lot of excitement. Aside from including the name of the original in the new title and being produced by Abrams, 10 Cloverfield Lane’s credibility as an actual sequel is now being questioned by some. According to a post via Reddit, not only is 10 Cloverfield Lane NOT a sequel to Cloverfield, but it has also existed under two previous titles:"This film was originally made under the names Valencia and The Cellar for Paramounts Insurge division (a subsidiary for films made for under 5 million dollars like The Devil Inside), and when Paramount closed it down, this movie (shot and completed) was thrown out to the wind and orphaned. Paramount bought it back up and had Dan Casey and Damien Chazelle do some re-writes so that it would connect to the Cloverfield universe and they went back and did reshoots and add-ons in March 2015 in New Orleans and L.A."The post goes on to accuse Paramount of attempting a cash grab by pawning off something that was never intended to be a Cloverfield sequel in the first place. It claims that Abrams' involvement with Cloverfield only went as far as pitching the idea at Paramount, and that it was Drew Goddard and Matt Reeves who were responsible for the original film. Neither Goddard nor Reeves are involved with 10 Cloverfield Lane.In addition to all this, the post also provides links to such things as early audience reactions, test screenings and to information on the purported original script, which was called The Cellar. The poster points out that this film was shot in only 36 days, which comes off rather quick for an epic monster movie and mentions that the script is available to anyone who PM’s him/her. Furthermore, initial reactions to the test screening seem to support the claim that the movie originally had nothing to do with Cloverfield.There does seem to be a pretty convincing argument against this being an actual Cloverfield sequel, but there are some things to keep in mind here. The poster claims that this couldn’t be a sequel as it was made for a small budget of $5 million. Yes, this is a small budget, but the original’s $25 mil budget wasn’t huge either. If this film is merely taking the 'monsters attack' concept of the original, it doesn’t mean it can’t be part of the Cloverfield universe. Perhaps this franchise could be about making low budgeted, vaguely connected monster movies? And if that’s the case, what’s wrong with that?It’s also worth remembering that big budgets don’t necessarily equal good films. The original Cloverfield was not a massively budgeted affair and people loved it. All in all, perhaps it’s best to simply wait and give this project the benefit of the doubt – or at the very least, wait until more information is available before making any solid judgements.Screen Rant will keep providing info on 10 Cloverfield Lane as we get it, so be sure to keep checking back for updates.Source: Reddit
Tags:
cloverfield,
cloverfield 2
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
From Grindhouse to Final Destination 3 and The Thing, horror-lover Mary Elizabeth Winstead has become a storied scream queen. But her latest dive into this deadly genre might be her most compelling yet. In 10 Cloverfield Lane, the American ingénue takes the Final Girl trope into twisted new realms as she battles monsters real and extraterrestrial.A blood relative to the 2008 hit Cloverfield, 10 Cloverfield Lane explores the first film's cinematic world within the claustrophobic confines of an underground bunker. John Goodman stars as a conspiracy theorist who rules with an iron-fist over his bunker mates, a dopey but affable neighbor (John Gallagher Jr.) and an out-of-towner who's desperate to leave (Winstead). But escape could be even more complicated if captor's apocalyptic proclamations aren't all paranoia.Screen Rant sat down with Winstead in New York to discuss 10 Cloverfield Lane's unique and thrilling blend of genres, its feminist Final Girl, and what blood-relative movie she'd like its potential success to inspire.Screen Rant: So you’ve done a lot of horror movies. What, for you, do you think sets 10 Cloverfield Lane apart?Mary Elizabeth Winstead: 10 Cloverfield Lane for me, I wouldn’t really describe it as strictly horror. I think it’s kind of a blend of genres. I think, first and foremost, it’s a suspense movie, which we don’t really see a lot of anymore. It’s really about the suspense and tension and drama. There’s a lot of psychological drama as well, set against the backdrop of this bigger horror genre action, sci-fi kind of landscape. I love that it has so many elements of it. You can’t quite fit it into any one box.Screen Rant: Yeah. Watching it was really fun because I think you can’t, as a viewer, get totally comfortable because you keep realizing all these different things and you are trying to figure out, like, where am I supposed fit in at? Instead, it kind of keeps you on this level of anxiety of, like, “You don’t know what kind of movie…” It also reminded me of Doomsday Preppers. Have you ever watched that show?Mary Elizabeth Winstead: Oh, yes. I’ve caught this here and there. That’s scary.Screen Rant: Yeah. It’s a very specific mindset. And watching it I was like, “Yes. Oh, I know these people.”Mary Elizabeth Winstead: Oh, I know. And that’s the thing. He’s such a fascinating character because he’s crazy and he’s got a lot of issues, but he’s sort of right. There’s something to be said for his theories and everything. So it’s sort of like, “OK. Well, do I believe him and go along with this or do I just say this guy creeps me out and get the hell out of here?”Screen Rant: It’s also interesting because Michelle still is a competent character. So there’s this theme of this man deciding, like, “I know what’s best for you,” and then her fighting back. So there’s this feminist subtext that feels very topical right now. Was that part of the allure for you in doing the film?Mary Elizabeth Winstead: It definitely was. And it was also kind of a fine balance to walk. I didn’t want to sort of overshoot the mark with it being, “Oh, she’s going to really be terrified of this guy but then she’s going to get back at him at the end.” I didn’t want to have it be that too much. I wanted her to be strong from the get-go and not have to be hurt by him in order to find her strength in the end. So I like that she was sort of fighting back from the beginning. And they have their struggles and they are scrappy and they fight. And they have their ups and downs. But there’s not that sort of allegory that we see a lot where it’s sort of like some awful thing has to happen to her in order for her to become the strong person that she’s meant to be. She’s strong. The minute we see her she’s strong. I thought that was so cool.Screen Rant: Exactly. It was really fun as a horror viewer to watch that because she’s a final girl, but not the kind of final girl we often see. It’s really rewarding. So they’re calling this a blood relative to Cloverfield. Is there any other horror movie you would like to do a blood relative spinoff type movie with?Mary Elizabeth Winstead: Gosh. I would say…I mean my ultimate, ultimate favorite is The Shining. But it’s sort of hard to touch as well. If there was anything that could be done at that level. I don’t know it’d be a spinoff or it’d be connected, but just at that level of creepiness and artistry. I mean that’s like the height of the genre to me and something that I would want to be a part of.-10 Cloverfield Lane opens in theaters March 11, 2016.
Tags:
cloverfield 2
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Harry Potter may be the most famous franchise in the world. My generation grew up on them; even future generations are growing up on them, though it’s different movies and a play rather than the original seven books and the eight movie counterpart series. It’s pretty easy to see why they are so huge —the world-building, the characters... everything is magical, amazing, and a great escape from reality.But they aren’t without their controversy and one aspect of that is that when they were originally made into movies, some changes were made for the big screen that really disappointed book fans.RELATED: Fantastic Beasts: Professor McGonagall Breaks Harry Potter CanonI can kind of relate—I love those movies, but as a separate entity from the books. I’d drive myself crazy if I made too many comparisons… and here I am, about to do it anyway.Click the button below to start this article in quick view Harry, why did you put your name in the Goblet of Fire?!Dumbledore had a very calm, serene personality in the books—in fact, at times it was hard to work out why he was the most powerful wizard of all time (at least, until that epic duel with Voldemort in book five). He was always a very soothing presence for the characters of the books, who felt protected whenever he was around.And yet, in the movies, there are many moments of him being downright explosive—even snapping at Harry who, in my opinion, has been through quite enough.RELATED: Harry Potter: 20 Crazy Revelations About Dumbledore That Even Potterheads Don't KnowPeeves wasn’t exactly integral to the plot in the books, but he was still a pretty big presence. In case you haven’t read the books and haven’t seen the movie—though if that applies to you, you should rectify it immediately—he was a poltergeist who haunted the halls of Hogwarts and tormented the students. He really came through in book five, though, when Umbridge was making everyone miserable, taking part in the rebellion against her.In the movies, he wasn’t even replaced, he was just cut out entirely. I can kind of understand this one since he wasn’t necessary to make anything move forward, but it still wasn’t quite the same without him.It wasn’t necessarily a change to the story much as it was a part that was omitted entirely, but not explaining the marauders’ backstory in Prisoner of Azkaban is the part that I would say is the biggest mistake.It’s important to know who Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs actually were. Sure, it’s kind of dropped a little bit and then everyone moves on, but they really set the tone for the entire series. They created the map. They have a bunch of history that predates the series and sets the tone for a lot of it. In my opinion, they just didn’t get enough attention or explanation.RELATED: Harry Potter: 20 Crazy Things The Marauders Did Before Harry Was BornHonestly, this one was a bit of a fail in the books too. We’re told that Dumbledore and Grindelwald had an intense backstory, that they were very close and then what happened with Dumbledore’s sister separated them. This was changed entirely in the films, with Grindelwald essentially being presented as an earlier Voldemort. Okay. Not great, since Deathly Hallows was split into two movies and could easily have fit this in, but okay.RELATED: 10 Plot Twists That Hurt Harry Potter (And 10 That Saved It)Then J.K. Rowling announced Dumbledore was actually in love with Grindelwald… and then said she wasn’t going to include it in the Fantastic Beasts movies either.Why? It’s interesting, and it’s good representation. Why would you leave this out?!In the book, death is… pretty normal. Despite the spell itself being as magical as you’d think, Voldemort dies pretty normally—his corpse is on the floor. Same with Bellatrix.RELATED: Harry Potter: 20 Most Wicked Things Voldemort Did Before Sorcerer’s StoneIn the movie, they turn to ash. It’s weird, because it’s not done to be family-friendly—we’ve seen plenty of corpses in these movies—so why the change as to how they die? Why are they turning to ash and blowing away on our screen? Maybe they thought it’d be cinematic but to be honest, it just kind of made me cringe. It made me take the deaths a lot less seriously than I otherwise would have.It was extremely relevant to the story that Lily and Harry both had green eyes. It was why Snape hated looking at Harry. It was said constantly by so many characters that they had the same eyes. When the movies were being created, Rowling even said this was important.Radcliffe couldn’t wear contacts the whole time as they were deeply uncomfortable which, of course, is fine. But all they had to do was make sure that the actress who played Lily and Daniel Radcliffe had the same eye colour. Didn’t have to be green. Just… the same colour.What happened?They dropped the ball, of course.And by sad, I mean pathetic.His death is so poignant in the books. His own silver hand strangles him (the one given to him by Lord Voldemort), because he decides to spare Harry. And what with the entire Marauder backstory about his friendship with James, and how he betrayed him, it’s pretty relevant that he eventually spares Harry—because Harry spared him too, and Peter owes him a debt. It would have taken, what —thirty seconds more to include all of this in the movies? Sixty, max? And it would have given Wormtail a lot more depth rather than make him a comic relief Death Eater.Now, don’t get me wrong—I don’t really think the Dursleys deserved any redemption, or any forgiveness from Harry. They neglected and abused a child who didn’t deserve it, made his entire life miserable. But in the books, their final goodbye is way more emotional. Petunia can barely look at her nephew. Dudley shakes Harry’s hand and tells him that he doesn’t consider him a waste of space.That seems like a pretty low-key thing to say but when you consider Dudley’s ignorant, bullying history, it’s huge for Dudley to disagree with Vernon and stick up for Harry. They should have taken a couple of extra minutes to do this in the movie too.Ugh. Why is their chemistry so awkward on screen?Maybe it’s because of the writing. Rather than a couple of awkward shared kisses, they have so many good moments together in the books and Ginny is written to be much, much fiercer. She makes jokes about the women who have crushes on Harry, talking about his non-existent tattoos; she accepts his break-up with her when he goes off to hunt horcruxes because she knows it’s what he has to do, and she loves him.There’s none of this in the movies. She never really evolves from Ron’s awkward little sister only crushing on Harry because he’s a celebrity.RELATED: Harry Potter: 20 Things Harry And Ginny Did Between Deathly Hallows And Cursed ChildOnly dedicated book readers might have picked up on this one, or someone who went back and read the books immediately after seeing the movies, but Harry’s personality is written quite differently between the books and movies.The staples are the same—he’s courageous, he’s fierce, he’s compassionate. But in the books, he’s so much more full of life—he’s hot-headed, bad-tempered, and sarcastic. His personality in the books just makes him more amusing and so much more human. We can relate to his faults as much as we can admire his strengths.Never forget: there’s no need to call me sir, Professor. PREVIOUSLY: Harry Potter: 10 Book-To-Movie Changes That Upset Potterheads (And 10 That Actually Made Sense)
Tags:
harry potter
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
-Skele-Treks Series 1 Borg Figure£14.99 from Forbidden Planet.-Words with Warwick: Kathleen Kennedyhttpv://youtu.be/PvK73Zfzek8Warwick Davis chats with Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy backstage at Star Wars Celebration Europe.-Iron Link CosplayPicture taken at PAX Australia.-Dr. Seuss Cookiesby Pixie's Treats. For the whole story behind these cookies, check out Pixie’s Treats Blog.-Joker Mask T-Shirt$19.88 at StylinOnline.com.-The Mortal Instruments: City Of Bones Mundane T-Shirt$15.38 at Hot Topic._____That's all for today, folks! Be sure to check back tomorrow for more movie-related geekery.Today's picks have been brought to you by: GeekAlerts, Hot Topic, StylinOnline, BetweenThePages, GeeksAreSexy, starwars, We Love Fine, PhotoshopPhriday, MovieHunger and TeamCoco.
Tags:
sr picks,
captain america 2
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Wonder Woman is an iconic superhero, who ranks right up there with Superman and Batman in terms of name recognition. And after being sidelined by her male counterparts for years, it's a particularly great time for Wonder Woman now that DC has decided to give one of the first female superheroes her own film in 2017, starring Gal Gadot. In the lead up to her big debut, she's also set to make an appearance in Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice next year, which will mark the first time the trinity has appeared together on the big screen.But while everyone's heard of Wonder Woman, many people don't know that she was born Princess Diana of Themyscira. Unlike Superman and Batman, she hasn't had countless movie adaptations that allowed the average movie viewer to familiarize themselves with her background and powers. Now that she's finally swooping back to the forefront of pop-culture, we've created a list of 10 Facts You Need to Know About Wonder Woman to help you prepare.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAs one of the longest running running comic book heroes, Wonder Woman's continuity has gone through several changes over the years. For a long time, her origin story remained the same: her mother formed her out of clay and she was brought to life by the Greek gods, which meant she had no father. Wonder Woman's superpowers were a result of her blessings from the Gods, including superhuman strength from Demeter (Goddess of the Earth) and super speed from Hermes (God of Messengers).But the origin story was changed significantly when Brian Azzarello rebooted the character as part of DC’s recent New 52 relaunch. In the New 52 reboot, Wonder Woman is actually the daughter of Zeus - King of the Gods. A Batman V Superman producer has said that the DC movie universe will follow the new origin. In a comic book landscape dominated by male heroes, a consultant for DC named William Moulton Marston had an idea for a modern female superhero. The character that would become Wonder Woman was partially inspired by Marston's wife Elizabeth, along with Olive Byrne, who lived with the couple in a polyamorous relationship.Marston created the character to rival the strength of Superman, but also have all of the positive characteristics that he associated with females, such as fairness and loving of peace. He originally called her Suprema, The Wonder Woman, but her name was shortened before she made her comic book debut in All Star Comics #8 in December 1941.Wonder Woman was granted her own series in 1942, and while it was meant to appeal to both sexes, the comic books included articles and advertisements designed to appeal to a female audience. She was quickly accepted into the superhero world, even becoming the only female member of the Justice Society (a precursor to the JLA). But it wasn't all female empowerment, as she was quickly excluded from the team's battles and relegated to the team's official secretary. Men!Marston wasn't just a comic book writer and creator of Wonder Woman; he was also a psychologist, lawyer, and inventor. He is said to have invented a systolic-blood-pressure measuring apparatus, which eventually lead to the invention of the polygraph. Marston believed there was some connection between blood pressure and a person's emotions, and he believed that women were more likely to be honest.Although there isn't any evidence of a direct connection, many people believe Wonder Woman's Lasso of Truth, which forces anyone ensnared within it to tell the truth, can't just be a coincidence. Some suspect it was designed to promote some of his psychological theories on emotions and truth telling.Wonder Woman hails from Paradise Island, later dubbed Themyscira, which is home to the Amazons. Her mother is Queen Hippolyta, which makes her Princess of the Amazons. Inspired by Greek mythology, the Amazons are a race of warrior woman living free from men. The story of how the Amazons came to call the island home has changed over time, with one version saying that they parted from Greece to escape the evil deeds of mankind and another saying they are the reborn souls of abused women.All of the Amazons are well-trained in combat from a young age, which makes Wonder Woman a formidable foe in a fight thanks to her combination of combat skills and god-like powers. At one point, Batman considered Diana to be one of the best melee fighters on the planet.In the New 52, Diana spent a year of her childhood on the island under the guidance of Ares, God of War, further developing her skills in combat. When she refuses Ares's orders to slay the Minotaur, choosing instead to show it mercy, she loses his favor and respect. But her tutelage and history with him becomes important later, when she is forced to kill her former mentor during a conflict with her evil half-brother. In the process, she herself becomes the new War.While the extent of her powers as War hasn't been fully explored, she can telepathically control and communicate with the world's soldiers. Whether she also developed Ares's former power to raise dead soldiers for battle is still unknown.Wonder Woman is one of the strongest DC superheroes, with superhuman strength that puts her at least in the same category as Superman. She has even overpowered Supergirl, who is sometimes considered more powerful than Superman, though Wonder Woman is admittedly aided by her Amazonian warrior training. It was long thought that her silver bracelets, which were created from the remains of Zeus's shield, added to her powers since they are unbreakable and can be used offensively.But in the New 52, Wonder Woman removes her bracelets in order to fight a God, explaining that the bracelets are what actually protected her opponents from her intense power. It remains to be seen how powerful Wonder Woman is compared to other superheros without her limiting bracelets on.Wonder Woman's secret identity is Diana Prince. In the Golden Age comics, the character was originally just an army nurse who bore a striking resemblance to Wonder Woman, but Wonder Woman arranged for the real Diana Prince to meet up with her fiance in South America in exchange for her credentials, and thus an alias was born. Wonder Woman continued to work for the army as Diana Prince, quickly attaining a promotion to lieutenant in Army Intelligence.For a period in 1960's, Wonder Woman actually lost her powers and lived as Diana Prince, opening a trendy fashion boutique in New York's Greenwich Village.The initial lineup of the Justice League of America, which debuted in 1960, included only one female superhero: Wonder Woman. Also included on the team were Superman, Batman, Martian Manhunter, Flash, Green Lantern, and Aquaman. Eventually, more females joined, including Zatanna and Hawkwoman. Wonder Woman is almost always depicted as a founding member, sometimes even acting as the groups leader along with Superman and Batman.However, during one reboot, Wonder Woman was replaced with Black Canary as a founding member of the new Justice League. Wonder Woman was eventually given her founding member status back though. The latest version of the Justice League in the New 52, which drops "America" from its title, features Wonder Woman as the only female founding member once again, but Atom (Rhonda Pineda) and Elemental Women also join the team.Thanks to the success of Marvel's Cinematic Universe, almost everyone has heard of Thor's hammer, Mjolnir. On the hammer's side reads the inscription, "Whosoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor." In Avengers: Age of Ultron, much to do is made over the fact that Thor is the only character who can lift the hammer. But you might be surprised at the number of characters who've wielded it in the comics who aren't the God of Thunder, including Wonder Woman.During the 1996 Marvel vs. DC crossover that pitted Marvel heroes against DC heroes, Wonder Woman gets the opportunity to try her hand at lifting Thor's hammer. In the comic, Thor loses control of Mjolnir during a battle with Shazam/Captain Marvel. When Wonder Woman stumbles upon it, she is deemed worthy of the power and easily able to lift it. But Wonder Woman, not wanting to give herself an unfair advantage, chooses to discard the hammer when it comes time to battle Marvel's Storm, and she ultimately loses that battle when Storm zaps her with some lightning.There have been many attempts at creating a live action Wonder Woman, most of them unsuccessful. In 1967, there was a failed TV pilot entitled Who's Afraid of Diana Prince?, which was meant to have the same campy feel as the successful Batman series of the time. In it, Linda Harrison played Wonder Woman, while her alter ego, Diana Prince, was played by Ellie Wood Walker. Then, a made-for-TV movie starring Cathy Lee Crosby hit the small screens in 1974.Just a year later, Diana would return to the small screen played by Lynda Carter for a new television show on ABC. It was cancelled after its first season, but CBS resurrected the show and kept it on for two more years. In 2011, NBC attempted to bring Wonder Woman back to television with their own television reboot. Adrianna Palicki, who now plays Mockingbird on Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., was cast as Wonder Woman, but the project was cancelled before the pilot could even air.-Those are just some facts you need to know about Wonder Woman. How much did you already know about Wonder Woman? Have we left anything important off our list? Let us know in the comments! 
Tags:
wonder woman,
justice league,
batman v superman
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Super fans of the Lord of the Rings trilogy are some of the most hard-core nerds out there. Potterheads may have their encyclopedias, but Tolkienites have their universe creation stories. To them, the Hobbit trilogy was anywhere from a mildly uncomfortable romp back into the world we love, to an unbearable slog through Peter Jackson’s attempt to milk the franchise dry. People have even gone so far as to edit the Hobbit trilogy into one cohesive story that stuck to the book - and it’s pretty good!Related: Lord of the Rings TV Show Features 'Characters You Love'So with the upcoming Lord of the Rings TV series from Amazon Prime, fans are waiting with bated breath. With more than one billion dollars being thrown at this five-season spectacle, will it be as triumphant as Aragorn’s rule over the Reunited Kingdom, or will it burn like Lake Town under Smaug’s shadow? Here are ten things super fans want from the Lord of the Rings TV series.Lord of the Rings isn’t a dark and gritty story. There is drama, but the main characters always make it out ok. Sources close to set indicate that the first season will follow a young Aragorn. He was 87 by the time we saw him The Fellowship of the Ring so there is plenty of story to tell. None of it is particularly gruesome or harrowing, though, so there is no need to give it the same treatment as the recent King Arthur: Legend of the Sword and Robin Hood movies - which were both critically panned.Tolkeinites are very clear about what happened and what didn’t happen in Lord of the Rings lore. The last thing anyone wants is a cutesy scene when a young Aragorn meets Legolas’s brother. Fans are being told the first season is about a young Aragorn so they are expecting that to be the focus. According to the source material, the only familiar faces fans should be expecting are Elrond, Arwen, and Gandalf, so those should be the only ones we see. Speaking of source material...With a series that is supposed to be about The Lord of the Rings, and that starts with a season focused on the main character prior to the start of the first book, it would be smart to draw from the massive tome that is The Silmarillion. However, Amazon announced that their deal only includes the works of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings, and explicitly does not include The Silmarillion. This is both freeing and worrisome. The Silmarillion is less story and more fact-sheet so it could never really be adapted in a direct sense, but it provides an amazing framework that could be used as a guide. Not having the rights to it is a blow, but if the writers are able to stick to the spirit of it, then we might be ok.There are few who can fill the shoes of Sir Ian McKellan as Gandalf the Grey, and that could be a problem. Aragorn meets at least Elrond, Arwen, and Gandalf in his youth. While it’s not imperative that this happen, fans will want these meetings done right or not at all. If everyone can come back then they should bring everyone back, otherwise replacing one or more actors will cheapen the experience. Sir Ian McKellan has even offered to return for the show! If not, then a character can be influential in a scene without ever being seen.One of the biggest visual differences between The Lord of the Rings movies and the Hobbit trilogy was the shift from practical effects to CGI. While some epic set pieces need the help of a graphic artist, everything that was up close and personal in The Lord of the Rings was done with prosthetics and makeup (Gollum notwithstanding). In The Hobbit, this emphasis moved to CGI and it had a noticeably negative impact on the movie and the crew. Sir Ian McKellan famously almost quit acting altogether after hours of shooting alone, surrounded by green screens and tennis balls.PREVIOUSLY: The Hobbit: 15 Worst Changes From The Book To The MoviesWith five seasons of Lord of the Rings being announced, there is plenty of room for original, out of the box storytelling. If the source material of The Silmarillion is off the table, writers are going to come up with their own sprawling epic to fill at least fifty hours of captivating television. Whether anyone wants it or not, there will be comparisons to Game of Thrones; and as such, the story-telling will have to be interesting. Game of Thrones has set the bar high for political drama and sprawling action and The Lord of the Rings will have to match that level of intensity from time to time to be successful.Some sets in the Lord of the Rings movies are truly iconic, such as Gondor and Khazad-dûm. If the show is to return to these locations, it would be best to use the sets that were built for the movies. This is similar to wanting to see the original cast return, if they can; any set piece that gets re-imagined will inevitably be compared and contrasted and analyzed to death. May as well stick to what works and reuse the unbreachable walls of Helm’s Deep. And along those lines...The world of Middle Earth is topographically as diverse as, well, New Zealand. Rolling hills lead to dense forest next to towering mountains flanked by impenetrable marshlands. It’s a land that feels like Middle Earth through and through. Aside from making filming less expensive, a return here could take advantage of the sets that have already been built into the hills. If nothing else in the series is reused from the movies, at the very least a return to New Zealand will feel like a return home.There are many, many songs in Lord of the Rings and Hobbit books, and only a small handful made it into the films. While the vast majority of the songs that were in the books don’t contribute directly to the plot, they help flesh out the world of Middle Earth. Songs of joy and sorrow retell stories of long ago that help build the world and make it real. This truly separates the super fans from the casual. Everyone loves Richard Armitage’s rendition of “Far Over The Misty Mountain Cold”, but who could forget “I Sit Beside The Fire And Think”? Super fans know.Most fans were mostly approving of at least the Lord of the Rings movies, but across the board, everyone had the same question: Where is Tom Bombadil? The strange sing-song man and his wife, were almost entirely absent from the movies, save for a few lines given to other characters. Was he too difficult to fit into the vision of Peter Jackson? Perhaps, but a slightly omniscient being that simultaneously cares and is care-free could easily be woven into any story of Middle Earth. Not much is revealed in the books about his true nature, but many speculate that Tom is one of the Ainur, angelic beings that helped shape Middle Earth. Having him around will delight superfans, but trying to suss out his true origins will just leave them divided.
Tags:
lord of the rings
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Looking for that perfect costume to wear this Halloween? Well, let the rest of your friends buy pre-made outfits based on iconic movie characters. Ghostface and Jack Sparrow have been worn to death - it's time for something original! We've got 10 characters worth dressing like this Halloween from movies released this year. You want to keep up with the times, don't you? This way, you can be on the cutting edge of what's cool in movies - instead of wearing a costume that was cool five years ago.It should be noted that our list started as more than 10 costumes, but we narrowed it down to our favorites. On the original list were ideas like the pink bridesmaid's dress from Bridesmaids and the cowboy outfit from Rango. One costume that didn't make the cut because the movie isn't out yet is simple: wrap broken mini liquor bottles around your knuckles like Liam Neeson in The Grey.Hopefully you'll agree the following list is much better, but surely we'll forget a costume or two - so feel free to share other ideas in the comments section. Keep in mind these are original ideas, unavailable at your local costume stores that moved in when Blockbuster and Borders left town.-Without further ado, check out our 10 highly recommended original costume ideas which will prove just how much of a movie buff you truly are.In no particular order, let's get started...-This one is for the ladies!There are very few options for original female movie costumes based on 2011 films.  But one costume that qualifies is Lisbeth Salander's goth get-up. The men should appreciate this one as well, since it is still light on the garment and heavy on the sex appeal. And if the lady wearing the outfit embraces Salander's sexual prowess, there won't be a disappointed Halloweener in sight.This costume is actually pretty easy to pull off as far as clothing goes. Basically, less is more. Keep it all black and try to add as many facial piercings and spiked collars and bracelets as you can. The hard part is getting the hair right. You'll have two choices here: You can either go with the weird half-cut, half-long look or the crazy mohawk (both are pictured above). Either way, if you want to truly become Lisbeth Salander this Halloween, we recommend you do so as far away from parole officers as possible.-Somebody has actually already made the "official jacket," but it isn't available for purchase until well after Halloween. So, you'll just have to make your own version of Driver's outfit, which continues to be a discussion point in movie pop culture. Gosling's jacket is with him at all times, whether he is staring deeply into the eyes of a beautiful woman or stomping a bad guy's head into mush. One note we took from the film is that the jacket does not repel blood very well (sadly).But there is more to the costume than the jacket (which you can custom make yourself if you're handy with a sewing machine). All you need to do is buy a shiny, white jacket and draw or stitch a yellow scorpion on the back. But the costume is only complete once you add a hammer, driving gloves, tight pants and slick boots. A toothpick would make for a nice touch to finish it off. This is a costume that won't be confused with anything else this Halloween and you can be sure there will be people dressing like Gosling in the film, but it won't be as overdone as girls with slutty nurse outfits.-Hats are normal. But a hat with a story is much more than that. You can't just go around wearing a Cardinals hat and call yourself Albert Pujols for Halloween. But any movie fan should make the immediate connection to The Adjustment Bureau if you walk into a room wearing a gray-toned suit and a short-brim fedora. The look was embedded into our collective consciousness with the film - and while it was not a cultural icon just via the film, a connection is inevitable.In order to complete the costume, you'll need a pinstripe white shirt with a dark tie and a gray suit. The Terence Stamp scarf is optional. If you really want to sell the costume, walk into a door and find a way to disappear. That will really make it a Halloween worth remembering for your audience. Although that could be taken the wrong way if they don't understand the film.-Jodie Foster's film was relatively low-profile, earning only $6.3 million on a $21 million budget. It may have made more money if it sold the beaver as a toy. Money aside, there is no question the Australian puppet serves as the driving force of a film that is at times comedic and other times heartbreaking. But the beaver itself is, by its nature, a costume. And it doesn't take much to play Walter Black and beaver for Halloween. Will everyone get it? Probably not. But you can enjoy trying out your Australian accent for a change.The hard part of this costume is that you'll probably have to make it yourself. Of course, there are options at online stores, but if you want it identical to the film's beaver, you should make it yourself with brown cotton if you can find some. Thankfully, emotional instability is not available for purchase.-Steven Soderbergh's Contagion made us even more uncomfortable with our surroundings and challenged audiences to take more care in their everyday activities. There's no getting around it, bacteria is everywhere. But you can prevent yourself from contacting airborne diseases with a simple face mask. If you really want to get creative here, you can make the full-body suit that Jude Law wears, but that seems highly difficult to make. Instead, keep it simple and just let those around know you're dressing up the part of Contagion.All you really need for the role is a face mask. You can get it at any store. The way to make the movie connection is apply some makeup to appear sick. If you are going all out, use plastic bags to create the biohazard suit worn by Jude Law above (LEGAL: We do NOT advice putting a plastic bag over your head).-If you want to get a good laugh you can dress up like a teen idol Justin Bieber. Kids love him and adults love to poke fun at him. Either way, he's everywhere. Hopefully your friends will get a kick out of your patronizing costume that does, in fact, have a connection to movies this year. Your edge can be to replace his trademark sunglasses with 3D glasses to suggest you went to his 3D concert movie.The photograph above shows Bieber in a red outfit, but his wide array of looks are all available as a costume idea. In order to dress as the most recognizable Bieber, you'll need a purple hoodie and a white jacket. For added effect, get a wireless headset and 3D glasses. The more purple you can find, the better. Those high-top sneakers and tight jeans will be important too. But the real key to this costume is the flippy hair. Grab a wig from a nearby store, or grow it out yourself. You really need to commit to this one and flip your hair every few minutes.Ah, but don't bail on us just because we suggested Bieber-fever - we've got another 5 ideas for you on the next page!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
“Henry Cavill’s been cast as Geralt.”I had just come back from a convention. On one of the days, I had cosplayed Witcher with my friends. I was already a fan, and looking forward to Netflix—but waking up and hearing that from my partner, who was scrolling through his phone was… bizarre, and I was instantly wary and hoping to be proven wrong when Cavill took the role on.He… hasn’t quite managed to prove me wrong yet.Netflix recently revealed the first look at Cavill’s Geralt, and my reaction is pretty much the same as the rest of the internet. It’s a weird choice.PREVIOUSLY: The Witcher First Look's Problem is JOKER, Not Cavillcavill's geralt needs▪️a better wig▪️big ass scars all over that face▪️a wig that isn't terrible▪️cat eyes idc that its only suppose to happen in darkness i want them▪️some stubble▪️hella dark eyeshadow that makes him look like he's dying▪️any wig but that oneI know what people are going to say when they read this. “Geralt in the books doesn’t have as many scars or a beard!”True. Geralt’s description isn’t really given to us in the books, so it’s pretty open to interpretation. But he does need to look rougher to give off that Geralt vibe. He’s definitely supposed to look like he’s seen some stuff even by the time this Netflix series is happening, even way before the games, but he looks all pretty and elven. Hopefully this is just a first look and Netflix can willingly listen to the shocked feedback.RELATED: The Witcher Fan Art Imagines Henry Cavill's Geralt As More GrizzledFirst look at Henry Cavill as Geralt of Rivia. pic.twitter.com/out3Am0JphOkay, but the quality is actually kind of similar.I wish we could see the rest of Cavill’s outfit—though maybe I would never have recovered from the horror. Still, maybe the rest of the outfit would have been better quality. This tweet is so apt because it just doesn’t look like much effort has been put into the costume. Netflix have surely given a pretty big budget for such an epic fantasy—did they use it all up on actually hiring Cavill?They seemed so weirdly excited to release this preview. It’s like they were hoping we wouldn’t realise the bad quality.PREVIOUSLY: Netflix's The Witcher Casts Ciri & Yennefer, Rounds Out Full CastAll I see with Henry Cavill's Geralt is a Viserys cosplay. pic.twitter.com/VIaZUeNnXTI love this one because the only positive thing I could find to say was, “He’d make a decent Rhaegar Targaryen.”He absolutely does look like a Targaryen. The clean-shaven pale skin, the silver hair way past his shoulders… if they had said he was going to be cast as Rhaegar in more flashbacks in the final season of Game of Thrones, I probably would have been less bothered than them saying he was going to be cast as Geralt. Though at least on that show, they’d probably have given him a somewhat realistic looking hairline.Geralt Targaryen, Father of Dragons…I'm sorry, but is Henry Cavill supposed to be Geralt.... or Raiden? pic.twitter.com/XJINEkuAjqAnother frequent comparison has been Raiden from the Mortal Kombat movies. Which makes sense. Not only does Cavill definitely look like Raiden, but those movies also looked fairly low budget.I just don’t understand why they couldn’t have splashed out more money on this look. People are scrambling to say that it may not yet be finished, which is true—but why show a cheap first look when they could have saved the big reveal to be something more impressive? Book Geralt, game Geralt, it doesn’t matter what kind of vibe Cavill is giving off—the truth is, the costume is just cheap. My cosplayer friends have way higher quality stuff, and this isn’t even their job.RELATED: The Witcher TV Show: Henry Cavill & Showrunner Respond To CastingWow Henry Cavill looks great as Geralt in the new Netflix #Witcher series! pic.twitter.com/H67jul1iPdAnother all too accurate comparison…Seriously though—he kind of does look like a younger Lucius. Age Lucius back twenty years, or put Cavill next to Draco, and you can really picture it. Even the expression on Cavill’s face in the preview makes him look like a Malfoy. It’s just weird that there are so many fantasy characters he actually kind of fits and yet, the only silver-haired fantasy character he looks nothing like is the one he’s supposed to be playing.I keep comforting myself by saying at least I’m getting a good laugh out of the tweets."Oh, cool, Henry Cavill is doing Geralt for Halloween, didn't know he was a Witcher fan.""He's in the Netflix version. That's the production costume and wig.""Ohhhhhh noooooooo"This person actually saw the costume and thought he was dressing up for Halloween. It would have made sense. Cavill has said before that he’s a big fan of The Witcher and has played the third game twice (which is quite an undertaking—it’s a long, open world game). It would have made sense if this was just a Halloween costume. But even if it had been an amateur Halloween costume, I would have been pretty critical of just how little Geralt he gives off in his vibes. So the fact this is for the official TV show is… it kills me inside a little.RELATED: Witcher 4 Should Happen With Ciri Says Geralt Voice Actor pic.twitter.com/Fy4ZMFBDN7You’ve seen bootleg costumes, right? When companies want to sell costumes of characters they don’t have the license to so they sell worse, cheaper versions? That’s what this is making fun of—suggesting Cavill’s Geralt is a bootleg version of actual Geralt.I wonder if Netflix is going to go on ignoring the bad reception or if they’re going to maturely take the criticism and alter it a little. What’s weird is, the actual author of the books is on that team as a creative influence—I can’t imagine why he didn’t ask why his witcher looks a bit too elven?Good enough. pic.twitter.com/uhGWBoCpirLegolas was the first thing my friend said to me when she saw Cavill’s costume, and it’s the one that’s stuck in my head. He looks like he’s trying to play Legolas. That’s so true. Even the wig is just a worse version of the one that Legolas wears.Legolas is the one character I can’t imagine they didn’t spot the resemblance to—and because Legolas is so iconic in fantasy already and so vastly different from Geralt, why not try to get away from that pretty elven image? Rough Geralt up a little! Give him some scars and some dark, tired, haunted eyes!RELATED: Cyberpunk 2077 is VERY Different Than The Witcher Games (And it's First-Person)Henry cavill in #TheWitcher pic.twitter.com/mIjrKflj9vThis one is, hands down, my favorite reaction because the wig is about the same quality as the one they’ve actually used.The one good thing is that Netflix has said he will grow a beard while he’s out hunting monsters and witchering, which will serve to make him look a little rougher. No, book Geralt doesn’t necessarily have a beard—he should, since I don’t know when he has time to shave, but it’s never mentioned—but the point is that Cavill needs something to make him look like that rough and tough witcher we all know and love.PREVIOUSLY: Netflix’s Witcher TV Series Will Be 8 Episodes & May Arrive In 2020when you play the witcher screen test backwards it looks like geralt is at a party listening to a man explain why the works of Woody Allen still have value pic.twitter.com/WWNsgs0Zo7Okay, okay. I’m going to stop criticizing this look and try to let Cavill have a chance at impressing me. But whether you think his Geralt costume looks great or you’re also in camp “why does it look like they bought this off Amazon?”, you can’t deny that this tweet is accurate. Watch the video played backwards—he looks like he’s doing a shot and sighing because he’s in some really bad company and listening to something he categorically does not agree with.Maybe they’ll fix up this look, or maybe this is really it—only time will tell. I at least think the casting of Triss is excellent.RELATED: The Witcher TV Show Casts Anna Shaffer As Triss Merigold
Tags:
the witcher
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A case can be made that Hollywood hasn't had an original movie idea in decades. Instead, studios opt to play it safe and invest in franchise films rather than taking chances on original ideas. Thus, the explosion of the remakes, sequels, prequels and eventually the inevitable overhaul of a film franchise, known as the "reboot."Yes, reboots and sometimes single remakes (reboots that weren't strong enough for sequels) typically spell big box office returns and often breathe new life into an old and sometimes stale series. Nevertheless, it can also make us regret that we ever trusted filmmakers to capture the virtue and essence of the original work. For every great reboot, like J. J. Abrams' 2009 version of Star Trek, there are plenty of other reboots and remakes that just don't cut it.Here's our list of the 10 least successful reboots and remakes. Don't say we didn't warn you. Enjoy!Click the button below to start this article in quick viewGodzilla has been delighting audiences around the world for decades. However, the 1998 big budget reboot found very little love from critics. It was the third highest-grossing film worldwide that year, taking in $379 million, but the film only scored 16% on Rotten Tomatoes. Additionally, the movie won two Golden Raspberry Awards for worst supporting actress and for worst remake or sequel. It was also nominated for worst picture, worst director and worst screenplay.Initially, Godzilla was expected to break the $90 million four-day Memorial Day opening weekend record held by Jurassic Park: The Lost World, but it couldn’t hold a candle to Spielberg's film, with most critics scorning the movie for its failed attempts at humor, lack of a plot, mediocre visual effects and superficial resemblance to Jurassic Park. Nevertheless, Godzilla returned in 2014 with another reboot, which went on to gross $528 million worldwide.No one likes to see a Gus Van Sant movie on the list, but his 1998 remake of Alfred Hitchcock's classic Psycho is so bad that it earned him two Golden Raspberry Awards for worst remake or sequel and for worst director. It could be argued that the film is not a real remake, but rather a duplication, as Van Sant recreated the 1960 classic shot-for-shot, trading Anthony Perkins for Vince Vaughn as the creepy motel-owner Norman Bates and trading scream-queen Janet Leigh for Anne Heche as Marion Crane.Holding a 37% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, critic Roger Ebert said the film "demonstrates that a shot-by-shot remake is pointless." Even Van Sant admitted it was an experiment that proved no one can really copy a film exactly the same way as the original. Later, the franchise was more successfully rebooted with the A&E series Bates Motel, which was recently renewed for a fourth season.Some people consider Tim Burton's 2001 remake of Planet of the Apes a successful reimagination of the sci-fi classic. However, with a 45% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes and a general consensus on the same site that "this remake of Planet of the Apes can't compare to the original," it makes this list. Likewise, awards went both ways on this one.The film was nominated for two BAFTAs, but took home awards for worst remake or sequel at the 22nd Golden Raspberry Awards. The film was the ninth highest grossing movie worldwide in 2001, taking in $362 million, but this big budget version disappointingly departs from the 1968 original with an ending that leaves much to the imagination, and the studio decided not to go ahead with the sequel that was clearly teased at the end of the film. Instead, the apes returned a decade later with the well-received Rise of the Planet of the Apes, a franchise reboot that eventually led to its own sequel, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes.Some remakes aren't just bad, they're downright awful. The 2002 remake of the 1975 classic Rollerball, known for its dystopian vision of the future and gruesome depictions of the violent, titular sport, is a prime example. After American Pie hunk Chris Klein was cast in the lead role, some wondered whether he had the chops to take over from beloved character actor James Caan, who starred in the original film.As it turns out, the remake was heavily panned by the critics, garnering only a 3% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes. It made their list of 100 worst reviewed films of the 2000s, down at the 28th spot. The Rotten Tomatoes critic consensus? "The film was a complete flop at the box office earning almost $26 million compared to its production budget of $70 million." It's hard to argue that this remake should have ever been made at all.Can't Nicolas Cage just leave a good thing alone? Apparently not, because his 2006 remake of the 1973 cult classic The Wicker Man was not only a financial flop but a critical nightmare. This unintentionally funny film tells the story of  a police officer who travels to a remote community after the disappearance of a young child, only to become embroiled in a conspiracy by the townsfolk.Taking in a mere $38 million worldwide, it made for one of Cage’s least successful releases. Likewise the film only holds a 15% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes and was nominated for 5 Golden Raspberry Awards, including worst picture, worst actor (for Cage), worst screenplay, worst remake and worst couple. If it's any consolation for star Nicolas Cage, however, his performance has become ripe for memes. It's a truly legendary example of his signature eccentric acting style.Although the 1956 The Invasion of the Body Snatchers already had a 1978 remake, that didn't deter Hollywood from re-imagining this story yet again in The Invasion. Nicole Kidman stars as a psychiatrist who, with the help of a doctor friend (Daniel Craig) discovers a mysterious epidemic that has extraterrestrial origins.Despite being helmed by the acclaimed director of Downfall, the film could only muster a measly 19% on Rotten Tomatoes, where it was slammed for being too slick and lacking suspense. The film also only grossed $40 million worldwide. In addition, the movie's happy ending doesn't sit well with fans of the two previous horror films.The classic 1984 horror film A Nightmare on Elm Street successfully launched one of the top-grossing horror franchises in America as well as giving us a substantial reason not to go to bed at night. However, this 2010 remake of the film, starring Jackie Earle Haley as the iconic Freddy Krueger, missed the mark.Though this A Nightmare on Elm Street took the number one spot with its opening weekend, it still fell short of projected earnings. It only holds a 15% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes with the general consensus being that it is "visually faithful, but lacking the depth and subversive twists that made the original so memorable."2010's Clash of the Titans, starring Avatar-lead Sam Worthington, was so bad that it was nominated for the worst prequel, remake, rip-off or sequel and worst eye-gouging misuse of 3D at the 31st Golden Raspberry Awards. Though the film didn't "win" any of those "awards," it only scored a 29% on Rotten Tomatoes, with the general consensus on the critic site that the film "doesn't offer enough visual thrills to offset the deficiencies of its script."Despite the lack of love for this mythological remake, it was modestly financially successful and took the top spot at the box office for two weeks in a row, which eventually lead to an even more poorly received sequel, Wrath of the Titans.1990's Total Recall, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sharon Stone, is considered a classic sci-fi flick. However, 2012's Total Recall was panned by critics. Surprisingly (or maybe not), replacing Ah-nuld with Colin Farrell wasn't such a popular move. Len Wiseman's remake scored a dismal 30% rotten rating on Rotten Tomatoes, and the general consensus on the site was "[w]hile it boasts some impressive action sequences, Total Recall lacks the intricate plotting, dry humor and fleshed out characters that made the original a sci-fi classic."Likewise the film performed poorly at the domestic box office, taking in only $58 million, but luckily it was a bigger draw overseas taking in $139 million. The film only turned a profit because of its international box office receipts.It might be a little early to say that Terminator Genisys belongs on this list, but with only $304 million worldwide (to date), the movie performed poorly enough to make Paramount Pictures reconsider their larger Terminator franchise plan. The film was supposed to re-launch the franchise into a new trilogy that centers around a new plot twist that turns John Connor, hero of previous Terminator films, into a villain.Time will tell before we know if Genisys can turn a profit but it already has "theatrical flop" written all over it. However, it's not all doom and gloom for this film, as Terminator Genisys has taken the number one spot in 28 countries around the world, despite a 26% score on Rotten Tomatoes.-Of course, reboots and remakes are nothing new. Even a classic film like The Maltese Falcon was based on another film. So it's possible we may have missed some other, worse, remakes and reboots out there. If that's the case, then feel free to let us know in the comments below!
Tags:
the invasion,
clash of the titans,
total recall,
godzilla,
planet of the apes,
a nightmare on elm street,
psycho,
terminator genisys,
the wicker man
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Audiences can’t get enough of Brooklyn Nine-Nine. Die-hard fans know everything there is to know about the characters, but what about the cast? Sure, everyone knows Terry Crews is an accomplished painter, but can you name his first TV appearance? Can Melissa Fumero actually dance? Who are The Pistol Shrimps and what connection do they have to Stephanie Beatriz?Related: Myers Briggs Personality Types Of Brooklyn Nine Nine CharactersHow much do you know about the men and women behind the men and women of Brooklyn’s best precinct? Here are 10 little-known facts about the cast of Brooklyn Nine-Nine.On screen, Jake Peralta and Gina Linetti, played by Andy Samberg and Chelsea Peretti, grew up together and went to the same elementary school. It turns out this is true in real life as well. In 2014, it was revealed that Chelsea not only went to school with Andy, she also claims to have had a crush on him as well. During a 2014 interview on Conan, she said "I used to call his house on like those old-timey phones that we used to have. I would call and hang up, call and hang up as some young girls do. Irritating young girls.". The above picture also surfaced, with Chelsea in the backseat and a befuddled Andy in the trunk. Here’s hoping the writers find a way to work this into the show.2009’s I Love You, Man is one of those films you look back on and realize that everyone in this movie is famous now - even Aziz Ansari makes an appearance. Looking back at Peter Klaven, played by Paul Rudd, and his groomsmen and you’ll see that Andy Samberg shares the screen with Joe Lo Truglio, who plays Lonnie in I Love You, Man and Charles Boyle in Brooklyn Nine-Nine.Joel McKinnon Miller, who plays Scully, is no stranger to roles as a cop on both the big and small screen; but his role as Officer Hole in 2002’s Friday After Next holds a special distinction. Joel plays the role on the opposite side of the law as Terry Crews, who plays Damon in the film. While they never shared the screen like Joe and Andy in the previous point, it’s fun think that they may have shaken hands backstage.1999 was a great year. Pokemon fever gripped the world and The Matrix was released in theaters. But on the small screen, an unknown Terry Crews made his small-screen debut. During its short 30 episode run, Battle Dome tried to capitalize on the popularity of its predecessor American Gladiator. In this series, Terry played T-Money, a fighter who as essentially a caricature of the late 90’s hip-hop scene. It’s possible that this is first glimpse the world got of Scary Terry.On screen, Amy Santiago, played by Melissa Fumero, is known for her inability to dance. In the real world, however, Melissa is a professionally trained dancer. In a 2016 tweet, she revealed that while in high school, she even taught ballet. As it turns out, Melissa isn’t the only secret dancer on the set of Brooklyn Nine-Nine.In 2015, Stephanie Beatriz, who plays Rosa Diaz, revealed she is a member of a dance squad called the L.A. Municipal Dance Squad. They occasionally perform during half-time of an all-female basketball rec league. This rec league is something else on its own. Many of the players are actresses, models, and writers. This league and dance squad was the source of a 2016 movie called The Pistol Shrimps that followed the rec team of the same name. It features Aubrey Plaza, from Parks and Rec, and founder Maria Blasucci from Drunk History as themselves. Hopefully, we’ll get to see Stephanie break out some of those moves on set.Andre Braugher, who plays Captain Raymond Holt, is another cast member who has previously portrayed a member of law enforcement. In the 1993 TV series Homicide: Life on the Street Andre played Frank Pembleton for six seasons. It’s very easy to see Andre’s depiction of Captain Holt as the polar opposite of his days as Frank Pembleton. In the series, Andre plays a very eccentric and hot-headed homicide detective that skirts the rules where he can to get the job done. Given a lot of hard work and practiced discipline, maybe Frank would be the kind of cop that would make Captain Holt proud one day. Also, Andre’s real-life wife Ami Brabson played his wife on the series.Everyone remembers the original Old Spice commercials featuring Isaiah Mustafa, “The Man Your Man Could Smell Like.” Those commercials were geared towards the women buying deodorant for the men in their lives. Terry, however, was for the men buying it for themselves. During a Reddit AMA in 2015, Terry Crews revealed that he and Isaiah are actually good friends. While it’s not clear if they were friends prior or became friends during shoots, they currently remain friends now that their paths have split.In Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Terry and his wife Sharon, played by Merrin Dungey, have two twin girls named Cagney and Lacey. It turns out they are named after the 1980s police procedural TV show Cagney and Lacey. In that series, the two main characters were female cops named Christine Cagney and Mary Beth Lacey. The characters made a return to the small screen in the 2018 made-for-TV-movie of the same name, but missed an opportunity to return the shout-out Brooklyn Nine-Nine’s way.Brooklyn Nine-Nine's pilot episode contains a perplexing mystery. When Captain Holt asks for Jeffords’ opinion of the squad, the Sergeant points out Scully, Hitchcock, and a woman named Daniels as being good for nothing except the morning’s coffee. To this day, no one outside of the show knows what happened to Detective Daniels. A search on IMDB reveals no information and the role is uncredited on the show.
Tags:
brooklyn nine nine
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Archie Comics is a powerhouse publishing company who has pumped out hits like their longest running publication of the same name, Archie Comics, The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina, and The Mighty Crusaders. Wanting to bring the beloved gang from Archie Comics back to life, The CW produced Riverdale in January of last year. Now, three seasons later, the fans of the original comics—along with new fans from the show—have come together to see what this sleepy town of Riverdale had in store for them. And while the gang's all back, intertwined in their own relationships, there are some pretty stark differences between the show and the comic books. And while some may be scratching their head at the difference in characters or storylines, that doesn't mean this show isn't entertaining, to say the least.When Riverdale was casting their four main stars, everyone was wondering who was going to be cast as everyone's favorite baddie, Veronica Lodge. So when Camila Mendes signed on, people were taken back by how much she looked like Veronica from the comics! Minus the bangs, Camila's dark hair, eyes, and gorgeous eyebrows won everyone over. However, Camila Mendes is actually Latina descent, something that comic book Veronica was not. This change is a happy one, of course, shedding light on a fresh new face and diversity. And as Miss Mendes states, "It's rare that you see Latin families being portrayed as intelligent, sophisticated, and powerful entities," which is something she's proud to bring to the table.NEXT: Riverdale Images Reveal First Look at Jughead's Mom & SisterIf you've read the Archie comics, you would know that Jughead was definitely the comedic relief in the show. With an obsession with food (mmm burgers) and a knack for being lazy, Jughead was the silly best friend who wasn't interested in dating. But in the show Riverdale, Jughead is anything but "humorous." In fact, I think the comedic light is shown on Casey Cott's Kevin Keller. In Riverdale, Jughead is still analytical (like his comic book side), but he's also dating Betty (and also had a thing with Toni). And when it comes to food... He's usually sitting in front of a cup of black coffee and that's about it.RELATED: Ranked: 10 Best Riverdale CharactersYou don't need to be a long time viewer to notice how dark Riverdale is. The entire script is written around secrets, lies, and connections we didn't even know were a thing. In the show, Alice Cooper had a love child with FP Jones? Betty's dad is a pathological liar/serial killer? Archie had a thing with his music teacher? Where does it end! However, the comics weren't this dark. The 1940s comic books were lighthearted and good for all families. The show, on the other hand, throws us in some pretty dark holes. Are there funny moments? Of course, but it's not the same tone as the comic books.RELATED: How A Riverdale & Sabrina Crossover Could Already Be Being Set UpMost non-comic book readers are aware of the connection between Betty, Archie, and Veronica. In the comics, Betty and Veronica are more like friendemys who are always after Archie. But the show tells a much different tale. While Riverdaledated started off with Betty longing for Archie, she soon found her soul's match in Jughead Jones. The two couldn't come from more different places in life but have found solace in one another. And while most people ship "Bughead," their relationship was never what it is in the comics. In fact, they never dated in the comics. Jughead was kind of asexual and was too lazy to date, while Betty always had her head in the clouds for Archie.In season one, viewers were introduced to Miss Grundy, a gorgeous music teacher who really saw "talent" in Archie Andrews. *Sure, let's call it tallent...* After "running away" from her abusive ex-husband, she called Riverdale her new home. However, no one should have trusted Miss Grundy. She definitely had more up her sleeve than viewers knew at the time. In the comic book world, though, Miss Grundy was not this flawless, young teacher. She was much older, had grey hair, and glasses. She also never had an affair with an underaged student in her class... so...Moose isn't a full-time character like the fab-four are. He really only pops up when it comes to athletics, crushing on Kevin, or dealing with his girlfriend's death. However, that doesn't mean he should go unnoticed! Moose is also a character in the comic book series, however, he was never interested in late night rendezvous with Kevin... He was completely infatuated with his girlfriend Midge. While that relationship was written in for the show, I LOVE the fact that they're adding more diversity and secret romances into the show. After all, who's to say that Moose never had one eye on Kevin in the comics?In the comics, Jason Blossom is the spoiled, rich kid with Cheryl as a twin. With expensive taste, Jason didn't just appreciate high wealth, he also enjoyed Betty. That's right, Jason was alive in the comics (before he and his sister were written off) and even took Betty out on a few dates! Don't worry though, Betty usually only did this as a way to make Archie jealous. Nevertheless, Jason was never murdered by his father and then dumped in a river on a hot summer's day like he was on the show. Granted, his mysterious death totally set up the first season, but it's interesting how different his role is in both sources.One of the best parts about The CW's Riverdale is how close Betty and Veronica. They're both extremely strong, empowered women. Although the two have different childhood backgrounds, these two go together like PB&J. And though they do get in heated arguments from time to time (mainly over Veronica's criminal parents), these two always find their way to one another. In the comics, however, these two aren't as buddy-buddy as they are in the show. Sure, they're besties, but they're also always fighting over the same guy. How can you really trust someone who would casually throw you under the bus to steal their man?Fans of Riverdale or Netflix, in general, will be familiar with The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina; a spin-off from the comics after the same name. Published by the same company that produced Archie, there are a few connections between the two. But did you know that there's another comic who was also in an adjacent universe? The Black Hood! The Black Hood has a HUGE storyline in Riverdale, but in the comic world, he was never in Archie... Instead, he had his own comic book dedicated to him. In hindsight, The CW could totally do a spinoff based around the Black Hood (how he was raised, why he does what he does, his lies to his family...). Until then, though, we'll just keep on waiting.RELATED: The Chilling Adventures of Sabrina Confirms Riverdale Shared UniverseKJ Apa's Archi Andrews is a dreamboat. Not only is he popular, a musician, and the former quarterback of the football team, but he has a loyal heart. He cares about his father deeply, is loyal as anything to girlfriend Veronica, and is even dedicated to Mr. Lodge for a short time. He's also extremely easy on the eyes, making him a total heartthrob. But in the comics? Well, let's just say comic book Archie wasn't roaming around Riverdale without his shirt on or having secret affairs with his music teacher.
Tags:
riverdale,
Archie Comics
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Is there such a thing as too many Marvel movies? Well, the answer to that is probably, "yes". But a better way to phrase that question is, "is there such a thing as too many GOOD Marvel movies?"... and a big part of what makes a Marvel movie good has to do with Kevin Feige and the Marvel Cinematic Universe team picking the right superheroes to make movies about. Dedicated Marvel fans know that there are a lot of heroes that haven't had films dedicated to them. Some haven't even made it to the big screen as supporting characters yet.Related: Legacy Heroes Can Stop The MCU Going StaleWithout further ado, here 10 Marvel Superheroes Who Need Their Own Movies.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewMoon Knight seems to be on everybody's list when it comes to Marvel superheroes that need to get their own film. The character first appeared in 1977 and is basically Marvel's answer to Batman. He dwells in the night, has deep psychological issues, and can be particularly tough on his enemies. Since the DCEU seems to be struggling right now, Marvel could swoop in with this character to attempt to dominate the darker aspects of the superhero world on the big screen.Moon Knight is a character with superhuman abilities depending on the phases of the moon. He's not only worthy of a more gritty project such as Daredevil or Jessica Jones, but he's also prime for the Avengers franchise.Fans seem to have a deep connection with this X-Men character. It's probably because this mutant is so darn likable. Dazzler could easily star in a different type of superhero movie due to her status as an uber popular singer. Mainstream audiences haven't yet seen a superhero who both struggles with their powers and simultaneously deals with the hardships of fame.Additionally, the character of Dazzler can be altered to suit any decade of music. Marvel studios could not only play on the audience's love of nostalgia but also create and sell a soundtrack akin to that of A Star is Born or Bohemian Rhapsody.With the all-too-certain possibility of Disney taking over Fox Studios' X-Men franchise, it's hard to believe that we'll ever get to see superhero film as gritty as Logan was. That's a shame because X-23, AKA Laura Kinney, is completely worthy of her own spin-off/continuation. The dystopian universe explored in Hugh Jackman's final X-Men film was fascinating and needs to be revisited. Who better to focus on than this incredibly strong-willed and tough-as-nails mutant?X-23 got a lot of screentime in Logan, but it was really Wolverine's film. Fans seem to have adored the young character and would love to see Dafne Keen reprise her role for her very own movie.Tessa Thompson's Valkyrie was one of the highlights of 2017's Thor: Ragnarok. It's been confirmed that she survived the attack on the remaining Asgardians before the beginning of Avengers: Infinity War, but if she didn't survive Thanos' snap, she could get a prequel. In fact, it would be interesting to see how exactly she went from a valuable Asgardian warrior to a bounty hunter.There are so many things that make Valkyrie an interesting character. In a lot of ways, she comes across as the female Indiana Jones. It's easy to imagine a film where she's center stage and going off on some wild adventure across the galaxy.We all know that Silver Surfer appeared in the wreck that was Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, but it's time that the character got a revamp. After all, this metallic-skinned galaxy hopper would be great for the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Not only could he introduce our favorite characters to new worlds, but he could also introduce them to new villains.Although Silver Surfer could be revamped in one of the Avengers, Fantastic Four, or Guardians of the Galaxy films, he is best suited for a film of his own. Origin films get tired quickly, but it could be a component in a galaxy-hopping quest that switches genres. This could introduce a whole new fanbase to the beloved and powerful character.Some might be surprised that Spider-Woman is actually a creation of the late 1970s and starred in her very own animated cartoon. Although she has a rather complicated origin story that has changed a few times over the years, Jessica Drew's Spider-Woman would be an excellent character to star in her very own film. She could easily fall into both Sony's Spider-Man content or Marvel's. However, given her link to S.H.I.E.L.D. and HYDRA, she'd be better suited for the MCU.Spider-Woman is basically the combination of Peter Parker's Spider-Man and Natasha Romanoff's Black Widow. Not only does she have everything that Spider-Man has, but she is also a super spy and private investigator.Similar to Cable, Bishop is a time-traveling mutant who's very much linked to the X-Men's convoluted timeline. Given how Marvel and Fox need to fix their messed-up X-Men timeline, as well as link the X-Men with the Avengers franchise, Bishop could be a good tool for them.But Bishop isn't just a plot-device, he's also a particularly interesting character not dissimilar to The Terminator or characters in Timecop. Although we've seen Omar Sy play Bishop in X-Men: Days of Future Past, he was barely used and deserves his own story, even if they have to recast.The character could not only appear in a big-budget CGI-fest but also a down-to-earth, gritty crime story akin to Looper.Although the filmmakers behind the DCEU are keen to release Aquaman, some remain skeptical that it'll do well. But regardless of whether or not Aquaman is loved by audiences and critics, there's room for Marvel to make a film about their very own Atlantian, Namor.Namor is essentially the same character as Aquaman but actually predates his more famous DC counterpart. In fact, he was conceived back in 1939.There are very few differences between the two characters. Namor even has the same powers and back-story as Aquaman. But Namor's far grittier as he doesn't always play by the rules. He also had an interesting part to play in the Second World War which could work well within the MCU films.Spectrum is one of those superheroes that most fans don't know about but who would easily translate to the big screen. She first appeared all the way back in 1982 and went by the name "Monica Rambeau". She was a former New Orleans Harbor Patrol Lieutenant who received exposure to extra-dimensional energy and gained the power to turn into any form of energy along the electromagnetic spectrum. This means that she can fly at the speed of light and shoot lasers.Spectrum could be inspirational to young fans everywhere, as well as add more diversity to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Most importantly, she's an engaging and utterly powerful character that would work well on screen.Although Jessica Jones has a very successful Netflix show of her own, there's no doubt that the character would work well on the big screen. This is because she's not just a superhero, she's also a talented private detective. The Marvel Cinematic Universe likes to jump genres, therefore doing it with a detective story would make sense. And given how strong of a character Jessica is, she'd be the ideal candidate to transfer over.Jessica is also surrounded by a variety of interesting characters who would also work well on screen. The two most notable are Kilgrave and Jeri Hogarth. A P.I. story featuring all of these characters could be just what Marvel needs. Additionally, it would be a great way to honor classic films of the 1940s.Next: MCU TV Shows Will Be More Like Comics Than Movies
Tags:
marvel,
MCU
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
October was a rough one. After September 2017 -- bolstered in large part by IT -- set a new box office record, last month saw the industry take a significant nosedive, to its lowest total in a decade. Partly, the disappointing performance of Blade Runner 2049 is to blame, as is the disastrous earnings of high-profile releases like Michael Fassbender thriller The Snowman and George Clooney's latest directorial effort Suburbicon. The month's only real success stories seem to be playing into the unmitigated triumph of horror cinema this year. Both Happy Death Day and Jigsaw turned tidy profits in their opening weekends, with the former already having earned nearly $50 million as of this writing based on a reported $4.8 million production budget. But enough looking back. Let's focus on the month ahead. November is universally when the fall movie season starts to unleash its biggest tentpoles, leading into both awards season and the holidays. After all, families need something to see after they finish their Thanksgiving dinners, right? This November has no shortage of big releases heading to a theater near you, with superhero epics and broad comedies leading the way. So, before you make your shopping plans for the holidays, here are the films you'll need to make room for in your busy schedule.In other words, here are 10 films to check out in November 2017:It's fair to say that no one expected Bad Moms to be quite the monster hit that it was last summer. Based on a $20 million budget, the film -- written and directed by The Hangover writers Jon Lucas and Scott Moore -- went on to earn $183 million worldwide and effectively placed stars Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell and Kathryn Hahn at the head of a very bankable franchise.In A Bad Moms Christmas, the titular trio reclaim the holiday season as only they can. Following the success ofR-rated, female-led ensemble comedy Girls Trip earlier this year, the chance that this sequel can duplicate its predecessor's success is more palpable than ever. Factor in the built-in appeal of a raunchy bit of holiday counter-programming, and it should be no time before Bad Moms 3 gets a green light.Check out the latest trailer for A Bad Moms Christmas.Thor: Ragnarok (Release Date: November 3)Sure, Thor and Thor: The Dark World made money. But neither film is routinely recognized among the best the Marvel Cinematic Universe has to offer. But for the third (and final?) entry in the God of Thunder's solo adventures, Marvel Studios isn't holding anything back. Nope, not even the Planet Hulk storyline that fans have waited years to see adapted on the big screen.In Thor: Ragnarok, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) returns to Asgard to find that the infamous Hela (Cate Blanchett) has decimated his homeworld. Thankfully, he finds a familiar face along his journey in Hulk/Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) and launches a counter-strike against Hela. With the distinct voice of director Taika Waititi (Hunt for the Wilderpeople) at the helm, Thor: Ragnarok is already earning critical raves for its good humor, bright-colored spectacle and pure entertainment value.Check out the latest trailer for Thor: Ragnarok.Lady Bird (Release Date: November 3)Saoirse Ronan has flirted with Oscar before with acclaimed roles in films like Atonement and Brooklyn, but if the reviews for Lady Bird are any indication, the Irish actress might finally make her way to the stage at the next ceremony. A coming of age story centering on a young woman's adventures in Northern California, the film is set to become one of this fall's most-talked-about releases.Greta Gerwig -- who earned raves for her performances in Noah Baumbach films Frances Ha and Mistress America -- writes and directs Lady Bird, which is playing in select theaters this month. Featuring a strong supporting cast that Laurie Metcalf, Tracy Letts and Lucas Hedges, the film might be worth hunting down for moviegoers looking to stay in the conversation as its release expands.Check out the latest trailer for Lady Bird.Page 2:  Justice League, Daddy's Home 2 & More
Tags:
justice league,
thor 3,
murder on the orient express,
coco,
three billboards outside ebbing missouri,
daddy's home 2,
a bad moms christmas,
lady bird
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Disney Animation Studios has long been in the business of making amazing movies. Since its first feature film (Snow White) in the late 1930's, Disney Animation Studios has produced 54 films, the most recent of which is Big Hero 6, and changed the course of animation several times during the process. We all know the classics, like Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty, and it's hard to make a best of Disney list without immediately thinking of Beauty and the Beast, which was the first animated film nominated for a Best Picture Academy Award. Of course, there are also the Disney-Pixar collaborations, which are widely regarded as some of the greatest films (animated or not) of all time.But that's just the tip of iceberg. There's a whole plethora of forgotten Disney Animation Studios feature films that just can't seem to get the respect they deserve. So we've reached back into the vault to pull out our list of Top 10 Underappreciated Animated Disney Films, because there is more to life than re-watching The Lion King.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThe AristoCats follows a family of aristocratic cats who get spirited away by the butler, Edgar Balthazar (voiced by Roddy Maude-Roxby) when he learns that his mistress' fortune will go to them. More group-comedy than plot heavy action, the film relies on charming interactions between the mother cat, Duchess (Eva Gabor), her three adorable kittens, and an alley cat friend, Abraham de Lacy Giuseppe Casey Thomas O'Malley (Phil Harris), to move the story along.Walt Disney died before the film's release, but it was notably the last project that he actually approved himself. It was a critical success at the time, but it has recently come under fire for its depiction of a Siamese cat that plays the piano with chopsticks.Following an international mouse organization known as the Rescue Aid Society, The Rescuers tells the story of Miss Bianca (Eva Gabor) and her co-agent Bernard (Bob Newhart) as they set out to rescue orphan girl, Penny (Michelle Stacy) who is being held prisoner by Madame Medusa (Geraldine Page) a malevolent pawnshop owner.Wildly successful upon its theatrical release - even breaking box office records for an animated film on its opening weekend - the film earned itself a sequel in The Rescuers Down Under. Despite its humor and excellent animation, the movie has mostly faded into obscurity, overshadowed by better known Disney animated projects.The Black Cauldron, a slightly darker tale than your average Disney fare, is about an evil Horned King (voiced by John Hurt) who attempts to acquire a magical cauldron that will enable him to rule the world and the merry group who seeks to thwart him.Despite mixed reviews from critics, the film's score is still considered top-notch and the visuals are almost universally acknowledged as stunning (especially for the time). Unfortunately, The Black Cauldron was such a box office failure that even Disney seemed to forget about it - it wasn't released on home video until a full ten years after its theatrical release.One of the last films released before the "Disney Renaissance"- the era of Disney movies that produced The Little Mermaid and Beauty and the Beast - The Great Mouse Detective is a Sherlock Holmes type story set in Victorian London - where the main characters are mice and rats.Led by the Sherlock-like Basil (Barrie Ingham) along with his partner Major Dr. David Q. Dawson (Val Bettin), The Great Mouse Detective is a funny story with a surprisingly engaging villain, Professor Ratigan (Vincent Price), and the film definitely deserves more attention that it gets these days. While only a moderate success at the box office, it was well received by critics at the time of release.Based on the classic novel of the same name, The Hunchback of Notre Dame follows Quasimodo (Tom Hulce) as he attempts to gain acceptance into society - at a time when gypsy culture was also under attack by intolerant Parisian elites (embodied by Tony Jay's wicked Judge Claude Frollo). A decidedly darker movie than many Disney classics, Quasimodo starts as a lonely and sad character, who has seemingly never known happiness.The animated cathedral is spectacular, and appropriately, there's talk of hell and damnation, culminating in the fantastic musical number, "Hellfire." While some criticized the film for taking liberties with the source material, and mature content, most critics praised the darker story and overall message of acceptance.Loosely based on Greek and Roman mythology, Hercules takes plenty of liberties with classic stories, but it still manages to produce an engaging tale. Narrated by "The Muses" (Lillias White, Cheryl Freeman, LaChanze, Roz Ryan and Vanéese Y. Thomas) the story follows Hercules (Tate Donovan) as he attempts to prevent a takeover from Hades (James Woods).The film is filled with modern-day references and jokes, and it produced several iconic Disney songs, including "I Can Go the Distance" and "Zero to Hero." Despite receiving generally positive reviews and premiering squarely within the Disney Renaissance, it has never been granted Disney Classic status.Tarzan takes a classic tale and elevates it with excellent music from Phil Collins and some of the best animation of its time. It's an adventure heavy story compared to other Disney classics, with plenty of chase scenes, parkour/skateboard-style traversal, and vine swinging through the jungle, yet still maintains the classic romantic arc between Tarzan (Tony Goldwyn) and Jane Porter (Minnie Driver).Widely regarded as the last film in the Disney Renaissance, and praised for its unique animation style, Tarzan opened at number one at the U.S. box office but hasn't been able to retain the same love as the other Disney Renaissance films.One of the most enjoyable Disney films, in terms of pure humor, The Emperor's New Groove is a buddy-comedy about a selfish and naive emperor, Emperor Kuzco (David Spade) who was turned into a llama. He then teams up with a peasant, Pacha (John Goodman) in order to become human again, learning classic Disney lessons along the way.But the film actually started its life as an epic musical entitled Kingdom of the Sun - there was even a documentary (The Sweatbox) detailing the production troubles on the movie. Despite development problems, the final film was critically very well-received, and it went on to spawn a direct-to-video sequel and a short-lived animated television series.A classic adventure story inspired by the works of Jules Verne, Atlantis is notable as Disney's first sci-fi animated film. Set at the beginning of the 20th century, the film follows a man, Milo James Thatch (Michael J. Fox), in possession of a sacred book that he believes will guide him and his crew to Atlantis.At the time, it was a drastic departure from Disney form, particularly the absence of big musical numbers. While the film received mixed reviews from critics and performed lackluster at the box office, the work in it is beautiful, including comic book influenced animation and a new language created specifically for the film.With a message of tolerance and understanding, Brother Bear is easy to love. After a human boy named Kenai (Joaquin Phoenix) kills a bear, angered spirits turn him into one - and he meets the son, Koda (Jeremy Suarez) of the bear he killed.At times heartbreaking, Brother Bear still manages to be full of adventure and vibrant animation. It received an Academy Award nomination for Best Animated Picture when it was released but faced tough competition in (and ultimately lost to) Finding Nemo. Since that time the film has largely been ignored - except for a straight-to-video sequel in 2006.-Those are our picks for the most underappreciated animated disney films. Which ones are your favorite? Are there any we missed? Be sure to share your picks in the comments section below.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
We've come to the end of 2009, so we thought we'd weigh in with a look back at the first 10 years of the 21st century in the movie world and discuss the various different "events" which shaped the decade. Obviously we can't cover absolutely everything, but sticking true to our core movie genres on the site, we're just going to concentrate on the comic-book, sci-fi, action (and so forth) types of movies and take a look at what films had the maximum impact over this decade.It's amazing to think that it's been 10 years since movies like The Matrix, American Beauty and Fight Club (to name but a few) came out in 1999 (check out our 1999 decade highlight, if you haven't already). A LOT of movies - somewhere in the vicinity of 5,000-6,000 - have been released since then. We've had the good, the bad and ugly in that time (much like every other decade, to be fair) - some we'll look back on as classics in decades to come, and others we'll probably look back on and wish we could forget about them (most video game adaptations, I'm looking at you).Behind the scenes we fervently debated which areas we should discuss in this article, and eventually we came up with 10 big ones that will hopefully bring out strong thoughts and opinions from you, our loyal readers.So without any further ado, here are the 10 events (trends, franchises - call it what you will) that we believe have shaped the decade for the types of movies we all like to revel in around here:.Judd Apatow is a producer who's actually been working since the 90s (did you know he produced the Jim Carrey dark comedy, The Cable Guy, for instance?) but it was in 2005 that we started to see the emergence of "the Apatow comedy," thanks in large part to The 40 Year Old Virgin. It was a truly hilarious film (I can't remember ever laughing that much in a theater) but also one with a lot of heart and relatability. Sure, you had your crude sex jokes, but you also had a sweet story at the center, brought to life particularly well by stars Steve Carell and Catherine Keener.The 40 Year Old Virgin was a smash hit, and it led to a slew of comedies from the Apatow camp, even if (as some people often forget) Apatow himself didn't direct most of them. Superbad, Knocked Up, Funny People, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, Pineapple Express, Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story - all big hits with audiences. I don't personally find all of his movies as hilarious as most people do, but there's no denying the impact his style has had on the comedy genre. For instance, you'll often hear people say, "It wasn't as funny as [insert Apatow comedy here]." And I don't see any sign of the Apatow comedy train slowing down anytime soon..In 2004 a fresh horror movie appeared on the scene called: Saw. It was a small, very low budget film that would shape the horror genre from thereafter. It effectively started a genre that we now know as "Torture-Porn." That is horror films that consist of people being tortured, and we, the audience, get to see it in all its bloody, gory, detail. It's just ironic that the original Saw has very little actual on-screen gore in it, and is actually a very smart, well-made film for what it is (it's one I still revisit from time to time).Unfortunately, it was the torture element that was latched onto by other filmmakers, and all of a sudden we were plagued with torture films; from Eli Roth's Hostel and Hostel: Part II to the Elisha Cuthbert film Captivity (which was changed half-way through, with entirely new scenes shot in order to heighten the gore factor, out of fear it wouldn't sell well to audiences otherwise - a weak box office of under $2 million opening weekend showed how bad that idea was). Saw has spawned a franchise consisting of 5 sequels already (with more coming - in 3D no less!) and is really the only torture property (with a heart of gold?) that still makes decent money. How much longer can this trend that we've seen grow wildly go on? Will it still be as prolific - if around at all - in a decade's time?Continue Reading "10 Movie Events That Shaped the Decade"
Tags:
batman,
x-men,
star trek,
the dark knight,
batman begins,
spider-man,
lord of the rings,
up,
toy story,
the matrix,
saw,
the 40 year old virgin
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2000's saw the rise of the franchise reboot - that is taking an established franchise and giving it a do-over after it's been dormant for a few years. One of the biggest (and most recent) examples of this is J.J. Abrams new take on a 40-plus year old franchise, something which has given birth to everything from TV shows and movies, to whole conventions dedicated to it: Star Trek.An easy job it was NOT for director Abrams and writers Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman to take all that mythos and put a modern spin on it. But they did so fantastically, finding the all-important balance of respecting the original Trek material (read: don't incur the wrath of the Trekkies! :P ) but making it accessible to everyone else who were not fans of the series to begin with. It definitely worked, with Trekkies and non-Trekkies both agreeing it's one of the most fun and all-round best films of 2009.Other reboots of famous franchises mainly are in the horror camp: Friday the 13th, Halloween, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, A Nightmare on Elm Street... the list goes on and on. Although unlike Star Trek, a reboot of these franchises (it could be argued) were warranted since the current ones had long ago run out of steam. But where they differ from Star Trek is that the result wasn't worthy of the franchise name (with the possible exception of A Nightmare on Elm Street, which is still to be released). Inevitably, they've shaped the horror genre of the modern age by being the only exposure to these franchises that younger audiences will have, thus leading them to think they're THE versions of each.How wrong they are....In the very late '80s and throughout the '90s there was one superhero who dominated the movies: Batman. Tim Burton's Batman and Batman Returns were good, but Batman Forever showed signs of trouble and then came the travesty that was Batman & Robin, which in 1997 effectively killed the comic book movie for some time.Then, in the year 2000 came Bryan Singer's X-Men, which officially revitalized the troubled comic book movie genre (some argue it was Blade in 1998). It can't be underestimated how much of a big task that was for Singer, to take that comic book/set of characters and make it work on the big-screen, keeping it true to the source material but still making it truly it's own separate entity that non comic-book purists could enjoy.X-Men paved the way for the mainstream success of the comic-book movie. The movie made almost $300 million worldwide, signs of more successful things to come: X2: X-Men United, Spider-Man 1-3, Blade 2 and 3, Fantastic Four on and on - comic book movies had suddenly become plentiful and successful in the world of movies. Whether good (X-Men) or bad (Spider-Man 3), they became a forced to be reckoned with and are now the dominant money makers and audience pleasers around..The first decade of the 21st century brought us a couple of major returns (there are more than that, but we're only going to look at a couple): First, we finally, after almost 20 years, checked back in on our old pal Indiana Jones for a fourth adventure in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Unfortunately, it wasn't the return to greatness that we were all hoping it would be (maybe it was to SOME, but for most folks it was a huge letdown) with its silly action (not in the fun Indy way we're used to) and often lame dialogue (amongst other things).The second big return was of the legendary filmmaker James Cameron, with his 3D motion-capture sci-fi epic Avatar. It's the man's first film since the multi-Oscar winning, all-time box office juggernaut success that was Titanic. Cameron had the idea for the film over 14 years ago and he tried to make it then but was told the technology just didn't exist. So he waited. And finally, around about the time he noticed the revolutionary work done with Gollum in LOTR, the special effects technology had caught up with him, and he could bring his other-worldly vision to vibrant, skillfully crafted life.The hype for Avatar has been monumental - it being hailed as the next big step forward in filmmaking. And if you've listened to Cameron and those closest to him and the project, it's the greatest thing since sliced bread. Fortunately, the film lived up the hype (see our review)..When comic book movies went mainstream and became successful, one thing was on the agenda for them to begin with (for the most part, anyway) - they were pure fun. They were looked at completely as their own category of movie, and you'd hear opinions such as, "It was good... for a comic book movie." However, in summer of 2005 came the movie that changed all that: Batman Begins.The Batman franchise before that (which was almost destroyed by Batman & Robin) was fun and light-hearted in many ways, but no one thought it could be anymore than that. That was until Christopher Nolan came along and breathed fresh life into not only the Batman series but comic book movies in general by getting serious... Deadly serious. Batman Begins was not just 'a good movie for a comic book movie,' but a quality movie in its own right that's still very much respected to this day.Then came its sequel in the summer of 2008, the juggernaut (in every sense of the word) that was The Dark Knight. The debate continues as to whether a lot of the buzz around the film was due to the untimely death of Heath Ledger before the film's release. But there's no doubting the impact the film had, as fanboys and critics alike hailed it as (what seemed at the time) the greatest thing to come out of the movie world since the invention of celluloid. The film went even further with the darkness that Begins introduced, by exploring such themes as chaos, mass murder (not in the campy way seen in previous comic book movies) and, if you look past the theatrics, statements about homegrown terrorism.Other such serious comic book movies include 300, 30 Days of Night and Sin City, but one I want to highlight is one from earlier this year, the adaptation of the much-loved and much-lauded graphic novel, Watchmen. Extremely violent and strictly for adults only (I doubt parents who took a risk bringing their 8-year old to see TDK would allow them to watch the Watchmen come out and play), Watchmen no doubt made an impact on those who saw it, not only as one of the most slavishly faithful adaptations from one medium to another, but as a truly "proper" film its own right.So there you have it, Screen Rant's list of 10 movie events that shaped the first decade of the 21st century. As I said at the beginning, it's impossible for us to cover everything (that's why we didn't call it THE 10 movie events :) ). I'm sure you've got a few to share that we didn't cover - and we'd love to know what they are! But what did you think of the points we DID raise? Agree? Disagree? Let us know in the comments below.Here's to another 10 years of eventful and influential goings-on in the world of movies... What would we all do without them?Header Image Source: "JasonMiller91"We've come to the end of 2009, so we thought we'd weigh in with a look back at the first 10 years of the 21st century in the movie world and discuss the various different "events" which shaped the decade. Obviously we can't cover absolutely everything, but sticking true to our niche as a site, we're just going to concentrate on comic-book, sci-fi, action (and so forth) types of movies and take a look at what films had the maximum impact in that area over the course of this decade.
Tags:
batman,
x-men,
star trek,
the dark knight,
batman begins,
spider-man,
lord of the rings,
up,
toy story,
the matrix,
saw,
the 40 year old virgin
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Even though Avengers: Infinity War was long thought to be a May release, its move to April certainly seems to be paying off. The film is still in its opening weekend as of this writing and is already riding a wave of positive buzz and impressive box office forecasts. Still, the Marvel juggernaut was far from the only smash hit to come out last month, as director/star John Krasinski's horror-thriller A Quiet Place struck a chord with audiences. Likewise, Dwayne Johnson's giant monster movie Rampage and R-rated comedy Blockers both look likely to turn a tidy profit.This month is a bit lighter on the blockbuster, though it does feature a pair of the summer's biggest heavy-hitters. Nevertheless, moviegoers of all kinds should find something worthwhile in the weeks ahead, as the summer movie season proper finally falls upon us. Without further delay, here are the 10 films we're looking forward to in May 2018.Related: The 30 Most Anticipated Movies of 201810. Dark Crimes (Release Date: May 18)Jim Carrey made a career out of playing silly characters like Ace Ventura and The Mask, but the actor has demonstrated in the past that he has a lot more to him than just a funny bone. In the new thriller Dark Crimes (which receives a limited theatrical release this month), Carrey seems determined to remind audiences just how serious he can be.Based on a 2008 article in The New Yorker titled True Crime: A Postmodern Murder Mystery, Dark Crimes follows a detective (Carrey) who discovers a sinister secret behind a murder case. The actor is exceptionally melancholy and somber in the film, which makes director Alexandros Avranas' latest an off-the-beaten-path selection for moviegoers on the hunt for a small-scale mystery.For obvious reasons, filmmaker Ben Falcone and real-life wife Melissa McCarthy just can't stop working together. After collaborating on comedies like Tammy and The Boss (both starring McCarthy and directed by Falcone), the pair is at it again with Life of the Party, co-writing this story of a middle-aged mother who returns to college after her husband asks for a divorce.McCarthy's track record at the box office has been a bit spotty in recent years, with 2015 hit Spy her last bonafide hit. Perhaps Life of the Party can be something of a course-correction then. Supporting turns from talented people like Molly Gordon, Gillian Jacobs, Maya Rudolph and Jacki Weaver certainly offers an additional incentive to check out McCarthy's latest film.Biopics are all the rage these days, especially if they also wind up being period pieces. In that case, Mary Shelley is already ahead of the curve. Haifaa al-Mansour directs the film, which explores the romantic life of the titular author. Mary Shelley also chronicles the experiences that inspired her to write Frankenstein as well as her struggles to get the book published.Elle Fanning stars as Shelley in her latest effort to illustrate her range, following films like The Neon Demon and The Beguiled. Mary Shelley features a supporting cast that includes Douglas Booth, Bel Powley, Ben Hardy and Maisie Williams. The film arrives in select theaters this month after debuting at the Toronto International Film Festival last fall.Given the original's cult classic status, we suppose a remake of the 1987 Goldie Hawn/Kurt Russell comedy Overboard was inevitable. The setup — which sees a blue-collar worker convince a spoiled heiress that she is his wife — has that broad appeal that translates easily to a crowd-pleasing comedy, and both roles really present the opportunity to showcase two gifted performers.Related: 15 Remakes You Didn’t Know Were Coming In 2018While no one would have pegged Eugenio Derbez and Anna Faris as the right stars to bring Overboard into the new millennium, we have to give director Rob Greenberg's film credit for gender-flipping the two leads. The original film played too easily on sexist stereotypes, and while some similar problems might be present in this new version, at least it's attempting something different with its approach of the material.6. First Reformed (Release Date: May 18)Few people in Hollywood have a pedigree like Paul Schrader. The legendary screenwriter of classics like Taxi Driver and Raging Bull also has a long history as a director himself, having helmed films like American Gigolo and the Oscar-winning Affliction. Now he returns with another harrowing thriller dealing with grief, loss and intrigue and hitting limited release this month.First Reformed stars Ethan Hawke as a former military chaplain grieving the death of his son. However, his sorrowful life becomes far more complex when he meets a young woman (Amanda Seyfried) in desperate need of counseling for her husband. Early reactions to Schrader's film have been largely positive, and with that premise and talented cast, First Reformed could be a sleeper hit this month.Fans of filmmaker John Cameron Mitchell have faced a long wait since his last directorial effort, Rabbit Hole, hit theaters back in 2010. Now at last, Mitchell — best known as the director and star of 2001 cult classic Hedwig and the Angry Inch — releases his next film, How to Talk to Girls at Parties, in select theaters this month. Needless to say, the film looks just as distinctive as his other projects.Based on the Neil Gaiman short story, the film is billed as a sci-fi romantic comedy and follows an alien (Elle Fanning, in her second appearance on this month's list) who gets sidetracked while exploring Earth during a visit to a London suburb. In expanding Gaiman's original tale, How to Talk to Girls at Parties hopes to add new dimension to it. At the very least, Nicole Kidman's supporting turn should be fun.For the past two decades, Gabrielle Union has shifted from one genre to the next with impressive ease. Whether in comedic roles like Bring It On or action-heavy ones like Bad Boys II, Union never fails to bring a level of charisma to every project she takes on. But despite all the films she's appeared in, the actress has never really gotten the chance to take center stage as an action hero. Until now.In Breaking In, she plays a single mother heading to her deceased father's mansion to settle his estate, with her children in tow. When they arrive, however, they find that criminals are intent on making off with the contents of the house's vault. What follows is an action-thriller that essentially looks like a combination of Taken and Panic Room. With a star like Union at the center of it, we couldn't be more interested.Jason Reitman's career has historically been all over the map. Films like Thank You for Smoking, Up in the Air and Juno were critically lauded and remain perhaps his best works. However, his last pair of releases — Labor Day and Men, Women and Children — failed to make much of an impact. With any luck, Reitman's second collaboration with his Young Adult star Charlize Theron will be just what he needs.Tully — which features a script by Juno and Young Adult screenwriter Diablo Cody — tells the story of a struggling mother (Theron) who receives the services of a night nanny (Mackenzie Davis) as a gift from her brother. At his best, Reitman has been able to perfectly balance humor and heart to create relatable and engaging human relationships. Tully could very well be the film that gets his career back on track.2. Solo: A Star Wars Story (Release Date: May 25)When Disney bought Lucasfilm, fans were struck by not only the announcement of a new trilogy but anthology-style standalone adventures set in that iconic "galaxy far, far away." Now, Solo: A Star Wars Story — as only the second of these such installments in the franchise, following Rogue One — has to escape the shadow of Harrison Ford and the stigma of a troubled production to deliver another hit.Alden Ehrenreich (Hail, Caesar!) steps into the Millennium Falcon's cockpit as the inimitable Han Solo, but while fans are anxious to see if he can handle the character's signature wry humor and confident swagger, they are just as excited to see Donald Glover's take on a young Lando Calrissian. Between those two and a supporting cast that includes Paul Bettany, Thandie Newton, Woody Harrelson and Emilia Clarke, Solo is giving Star Wars fans plenty to look forward to this month.Once upon a time, Deadpool was a character only beloved by hardcore comic book fans or those who really, really loved X-Men: Origins — Wolverine for some reason. Then 2016 happened, and Ryan Reynolds got the chance to truly step into the role for real this time. Deadpool turned out to be the second highest-grossing R-rated film of all time and the most successful X-Men film ever made.So now that we know that an R rating is officially no longer an obstacle for superhero blockbusters in this golden age of comic book movies, where does Deadpool 2 go next? According to the marketing, the film — from director David Leitch (Atomic Blonde, John Wick) — takes the Merc with the Mouth into a team dynamic, as he creates the militant mutant group X-Force to face off against Josh Brolin's Cable. It's the actor's second consecutive Marvel antagonist role (after Thanos in Infinity War), and we can't wait.-May has a wide assortment of promising new releases in store for audiences, but of course, most eyes will fall to Solo: A Star Wars Story and Deadpool 2. Although both films are franchise installments, they each represent an ambitious approach to a beloved property. The former, of course, aims to prove that the success of Rogue One wasn't a fluke and that fans will accept new actors stepping into iconic Star Wars roles. The latter, on the other hand, looks to duplicate the phenomenal success of its predecessor and introduce X-Force and its heroes to mainstream audiences.No matter what happens, we're looking forward to all the cinematic goodness May will bring, and with any luck, the month will have a pleasant surprise or two for moviegoers.Next: Avengers: Infinity War is Certified Fresh on Rotten Tomatoes
Tags:
overboard,
how to talk to girls at parties,
han solo,
deadpool 2,
life of the party
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With Christmas Day being on a Tuesday this year, many families are gearing up for an epic holiday celebration all weekend long, leading into Christmas Eve/Day. There will be lights, Christmas music, and a whole lot of food. But with so much time to spare until old Saint-Nic arrives, there's only so much a family can do. With some time on their hands, heading to the movies as a family is the perfect way to see something new as a unit (while spending $20 on a small popcorn). From action to comedy to comic book-inspired, we've got the top 10 movies to see Christmass weekend when you have some time to kill.Kicking the weekend off right, Welcome to Marwen's opening day is on Friday, the 21st. Starring Steve Carell (Mark Hogancamp), it's based off the 2010 documentary, Marwencol. After admitting that Mark enjoys being a cross-dresser, he's attacked by a group of burly men and left for dead. Magically, he survived and is now picking up the pieces of his "new" adult life. Not being able to do some of the things he used to do, Hogancamp (Carrell) now spends his time creating mini-figurines of WWII soldiers; soldiers based off people he actually knows. The movie is a combination of real-time and Toy Story-esque shooting, making it one of the most intriguing movies to come out this Christmas.The time is now! Aquaman is officially here! Starring Jason Momoa and Amber Heard, the long-awaited movie follows how Aquaman came to be. As a member of the DC Universe, Momoa (who stars as Arthur, aka Aquaman) will give you chills as he says "I am the protector the deep" in the movie's trailer. After learning about the underwater kingdom of Atlantis, Arthur trains his entire life to become the hero Atlantis is looking for. The movie also features other big names like Nicole Kidman (Athena), Willem Dafoe (Vulko), and Patrick Wilson (King Orm), which shows how many brilliant minds are behind this James Wan film.RELATED: Aquaman Nets Almost $94 Million at Chinese Box OfficeEveryone knows BumbleBee as the adorable superhero from the Transformer's franchise; but now, he's getting a movie all on his own. Starting at the beginning in 1987, BumbleBee lands on earth and is found by Hailee Steinfeld's Charlie Watson. After repairing the beat-up Volkswagen Beetle, Charlie learns that this is no normal car — this is a transformer named BumbleBee. Repairing BumbleBee, however, accidentally signals Decepticons Shatter and Dropkick where he's located. From there, the race is on from the government to find safety. Releasing on the Friday before Christmas, the movie also stars WWE superstar John Cena, Justin Theroux, and Dylan O'Brien as the voice of BumbleBee himself.NEXT: Bumblebee's Initial Rotten Tomatoes Score RevealedIf you're more into darker, more realistic films, perhaps Cold War is your go-to movie on Christmas weekend. This love story could be the perfect date night movie before heading off to look at holiday lights. Giving the crowd a vintage feel, the entire movie is shot in black and white. Based in the 1950s after the Cold War, completely different people find love in a hopeless place. With times being tough in Europe, Joanna Kulig's Zula and Tomasz Kot's Wiktor go through the wringer in their relationship and can't seem to stay away from one another. Directed and written by Canne's Film Festival's Best Director, Pawel Pawlikowski, Cold War takes you back in time beautifully.Attention all Step Brothers fans, this movie is for you! Holmes and Watson stars comedians Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly as the classic duo, Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson. Known as the "greatest detective of all time," Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson are on a mission to save the queen from an assassin. Known for his odd yet brilliant ways of solving crime, Ferrell's Holmes will make you laugh out loud while also scratching your head. As it is with ever Ferrell and Reilly film, you'll be sure to have the giggles while watching these two try to save the queen. Directed by Etan Cohen, the movie also showcases the talents of Ralph Fiennes (Lord Voldemort in the Harry Potter series), Kelly MacDonald, and Rebecca Hall.RELATED: First Look at Will Ferrell & John C. Reilly in Holmes & WatsonHouston, I think we have a hit on our hands. On the Basis of Sex is a true story based off Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Based in the '60s and '70s, Bader Ginsburg graduates from Harvard Law School while battling sexism to accomplish her dreams. Sick and tired of allowing her gender to interfere with her passions and way of life, she teams up with her husband to fight for equality. With Felicity Jones portraying an inspiring Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Armie Hammer acting as her husband, Marin D. Ginsburg, these two will give inspiration and praise to those seeing it come Christmas Day.RELATED: On the Basis of Sex Review: RBG Gets a Respectably Formulaic MemoirNicole Kidman stars as former LAPD cop Erin Bell, need we say more? Destroyer revolves around a young Kidman who goes undercover with a California gang. When her position goes up in flames with negative consequences, Bell's life is affected forever. Many years later, however, the leader of that gang emerges, am Bell finds herself needing to confront the past in order to make peace in the present.Many critics have praised Kidman for her work, saying it's the best she's ever done. In fact, she already won an award at the Noir Film Festival for her efforts, and something tells me more is on the way.This is the intriguing tale of Dick Cheney and his goal of becoming the Vice President of the United States. Starring acting legend Christian Bale as Cheney, Vice shows him working with former President of the United States, George W. Bush, to come together for the country. With Amy Adams acting as Dick's wife, Lynne Cheney, Steve Carell acting as Donald Rumsfeld, and Sam Rockwell as George W. Bush, this movie is quite possibly Oscar territory. The quietly smart tale will give viewers an inside view of the man behind the title who's presence we still see today.RELATED: Vice Trailer: Christian Bale Becomes Dick CheneyThe holiday season brings a ton of new movies to our screens every year. Some are horror-based while others are holiday-themed, but there's nothing like a good romantic comedy to leave you feeling good on this magical weekend. Second Act features Jennifer Lopez (Maya) as she pretends her way into a job that's over her head. After working for a low-paying, meaningless job, Maya proves to herself and others that you can do anything you want in life regardless of a college degree. It's funny, lighthearted, and sheds a light on the world of working for "the man."Once all the gifts have been opened, it's time to head to the movies to see If Beale Street Could Talk before dinner. With the same filmmaker as the hit Moonlight, this film shows a woman in a desperate plea to prove her fiance is innocent of murder. Kiki Layne steals the show as Tish Rivers, with Stephan James as Alonzo Hunt. Based off James Baldwin's novel of the same name, Tish finds herself in a predicament when she finds out she's pregnant while her fiance is in a prison cell. With the help of her family, her deep love for her partner, and faith in the truth, this movie is bound to make you feel all the feels.
Tags:
happy christmas,
movies
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
April may have been the month that The Fate of the Furious sped to an easy $1 billion (and counting) worldwide box office gross, but Dominic Toretto and his crew aside, few films managed to connect with audiences. Sure, Colossal earned rave reviews amid its limited theatrical run, but films like Free Fire fell flat, and the Emma Watson-Tom Hanks thriller The Circle debuted behind less prominent releases like How to Be a Latin Lover and Indian film Baahubali 2: The Conclusion. Thankfully, May brings a ton of promising new features to the foreground, including several hotly anticipated franchise films. The 2017 summer movie season is upon us.So, as always, here are 10 films to check out in May 2017:≡ View Article on One PageIf you even casually visit the site, then you know how much anticipation surrounds Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. The first film proved that Marvel Studios has such powerful goodwill from fans that it can take chances on riskier, more obscure titles and, in the process, transformed characters like Star-Lord, Gamora, Drax, Groot and Rocket Raccoon into household names.Now that these characters are so beloved, writer/director James Gunn has the task of continuing their story in a way that lives up to its predecessor while expanding the cosmic side of the Marvel Cinematic Universe in fun, surprising ways. After all, this is likely our last chance to catch up with the Guardians prior to that Infinity War we keep hearing about. So here's hoping those a-holes are up to the challenge.Check out the latest trailer for Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.3 Generations (Release Date: May 5)Despite some early controversy surrounding the casting of Elle Fanning in the lead, 3 Generations looks like it will provide an engrossing tale of family and self-discovery from a transsexual perspective. The film tells the story of Ray (Fanning), a teenager who begins to pursue his true identity as a male, and The Weinstein Company campaigned heavily to secure a PG-13 rating for the film.Released to select theaters this month, 3 Generations delves into the effects Ray's decision has on his relationships with his mother (Naomi Watts) and grandmother (Susan Sarandon). It's a story that will likely resonate with many moviegoers who have thus far been severely underrepresented on the big screen and may relate to director Gaby Dellal's film.Check out the latest trailer for 3 Generations.The Lovers (Release Date: May 5)A24 has a near-flawless track record for intriguing releases, and The Lovers - which arrives in limited release this month - is no exception. From director Azazel Jacobs, the film follows a married couple (Debra Winger and Tracy Letts) who are cheating on each other but find themselves falling in love all over again.The romantic comedy offers a fresh new take on the complications of love and might serve as shrewd counter-programming to the more expensive Hollywood fare this month will bring. Following its premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival last month, The Lovers is already poised to be a critical darling and could expand into more theaters if word of mouth builds.Check out the latest trailer for The Lovers.Next: King Arthur: Legend of the Sword
Tags:
baywatch,
pirates of the caribbean 5,
king arthur,
guardians of the galaxy 2,
alien covenant,
The Wall,
snatched
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The year in movies that was 2017 is almost behind us. Still, these final months have brought all kinds of cinematic goodies for moviegoers of all tastes. From the high-energy spectacle of Thor: Ragnarok to the universally beloved character drama of Lady Bird, November brought many noteworthy films to the forefront. Perhaps the most talked-about release remains Justice League, with its theatrical cut perpetuating rumors of what footage was left on the cutting room floor. Then, of course, there was Disney and Pixar's latest epic, Coco, which made headlines not only for its heartfelt story but the much-maligned Frozen "short" film attached to it.So it's easy to say that December has its work cut out for it, as far as ramping up the conversation among casual moviegoers and cinephiles alike. But with several awards contenders and the insanely anticipated return to the "galaxy far, far away" entering the fray, we're confident that we'll have plenty to discuss and analyze in the weeks ahead.Related: 2018 Movies That Aren't Remakes Or SequelsWithout further delay, let's jump right into the 10 films we're looking forward to in December 2017:The Disaster Artist, The Shape of Water and I, Tonya (this page)Page 2: Star Wars: The Last Jedi, The Greatest Showman, Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle and All the Money in the WorldPage 3: Downsizing, Pitch Perfect 3 and Phantom ThreadThe Room is rightfully heralded as one of the best bad movies ever made. In the years since its 2003 release, writer/director/star Tommy Wiseau's bananas "drama" about how personal betrayal tears apart the life of an ordinary man has gained cult status and inspired co-star Greg Sestero to chronicle its bizarre behind-the-scenes story in a popular book a decade later.Now James Franco has brought the titular book to life in The Disaster Artist, which hits theaters this month. The film stars Franco as Wiseau and Dave Franco as Sestero, following the two of them as their friendship and collaboration brings The Room to life. Following its premiere at South by Southwest, the film has steadily gained buzz for its delicate, Ed Wood-esque handling of Wiseau and Franco's performance. For both fans of The Room and newcomers, this is a must-see.Check out the latest trailer for The Disaster Artist.The Shape of Water (Release Date: December 1)Check out any of director Guillermo del Toro's previous films, and one thing becomes crystal clear: the man really loves his monsters. Whether it's an adaptation like Hellboy or an original creation like Pan's Labyrinth, del Toro's passion for practical creature effects is palpable. The Shape of Water promises to be no exception, as it uses the connection between a mute woman (Sally Hawkins) and a sea creature (del Toro regular Doug Jones) as an allegory for forbidden love.Early on in its festival run, The Shape of Water was proclaimed to be del Toro's best film in years, thanks in large part to standout performances from Hawkins, Michael Shannon, Octavia Spencer and Richard Jenkins. In the midst of awards season, the film's prospects are only growing, with many predicting it could be the first del Toro release to break into the Best Picture and Best Director categories.Check out the latest trailer for The Shape of Water.I, Tonya (Release Date: December 8)To be fair, Margot Robbie's career has been steadily inching forward since her breakthrough role in The Wolf of Wall Street. However, her committed performance as fan-favorite Harley Quinn in Suicide Squad is perhaps the one she's best known for, as it propelled the Australian actress into the mainstream. With I, Tonya, Robbie positions herself as one of the most gifted young stars of her generation.Hitting limited release this month, the film delves deep into the real-life story of figure skater Tonya Harding and the scandal involving an attack on rival Nancy Kerrigan in 1994. Director Craig Gillespie (Lars and the Real Girl) transforms this bizarre tale into a compelling character-based dark comedy without sacrificing the emotion behind it all. Robbie and co-star Allison Janney also have earned some of the best reviews of their careers for their work here.Check out the latest trailer for I, Tonya.Page 2: Star Wars, Jumanji & More
Tags:
the greatest showman,
star wars 8,
i tonya,
the shape of water,
the disaster artist
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Films, no matter what the genre, need to have high stakes in order to keep audiences invested. Sometimes, as a means of illustrating the severity of the situation, a character will die to infuse a sense of danger and dread in viewers. It can be an extremely effective tool in getting us to care more about what happens on-screen, especially if the characters are well-developed.And as sad as they may be, some character deaths are necessary evils in that they play a large role in a movie’s plot. For example, many Terminator fans were crying with John Connor when the T-800 gave his memorable thumbs up as he descended into the molten steel, but his elimination was the final step in ensuring Judgment Day never came to be.Then there are those where we reflect on what we just watched and say, “Why did so and so have to die?” realizing that even if they survived, the story would have largely stayed the same (save for a few aspects here and there). Here are Screen Rant’s 10 movie deaths we most regret, where we honor the fallen characters that we really wish would have made it out of their films alive.Spoiler alert, obviously.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAfter graduating from the police academy, Billy Costigan (Leonardo DiCaprio) is ready to fulfill his dream of being a cop, but his superiors have another idea. Looking to take down crime boss Frank Costello (Jack Nicholson), they place Costigan undercover on Costello’s team, throwing the young officer into a terrifying situation he’s not completely ready to handle. All through the film’s running time, Costigan is consumed by paranoia and fear; he reaches the point that he’s begging for Valium to calm his nerves. Since his heart was always in the right place, it’s hard not to root for Bill as he waits for the Boston police to make their move.And finally that moment happens. Costello is taken out, and during his debriefing Costigan discovers that Colin Sullivan (Matt Damon) was Frank’s rat in the police department. Instead of taking his money and running, Costigan decides he’s going to bring Sullivan to justice and arrests him. Just when he thinks he’s won, Costigan is greeted by a bullet to the head in an elevator, never tasting that life of freedom he craved. After watching him endure so much, it’s a gut-punching moment that makes our hearts sink.In a complete reversal of the character he played in his first Oscar-winning collaboration with Quentin Tarantino, Christoph Waltz gave audiences the kind-hearted, well-meaning Dr. King Schultz, who took sympathy in the slaves’ plight and wished to see them set free. A bounty hunter, he takes Django (Jamie Foxx) under his wing and shows him the ropes, giving Django the guardian and friend he never had. Schultz even fulfills his promise to Django and helps him save his wife (Kerry Washington) from the clutches of the vile Calvin Candie (Leonardo DiCaprio).Candie insists that Schultz shake his hand to make the deal official, but instead Schultz shoots the slave owner to death, regretfully telling Django that he “couldn’t resist” before he too is blown away by one of Calvin’s associates. Yes, Schultz’s demise did set up the frenzied bloodbath that consumed the film’s third act, but seeing as how Django and Schultz had completed their mission, it would have been arguably a more heart-warming ending had Schultz kept his gun down and just shook a hand. We’re happy that Django was reunited with his true love, but he lost a great and noble friend in the process.One of the prevailing questions that’s asked numerous times throughout Steven Spielberg’s Oscar-winning war drama is if the mission to save one man is worth the potential loss of soldiers’ lives when Germany had still not been defeated. And the filmmaker didn’t pull any punches in searching for answers, as Miller sees a number of his men make the ultimate sacrifice as they look for John Francis Ryan (Matt Damon) so he can return home to his mother. Unfortunately for the audience, Miller was among the fallen.It’s the nature of Miller’s death that made everything so heartbreaking. Doing the “right thing” and letting German “Steamboat Willie” go free after a firefight, the former prisoner is the one who puts the fatal bullet in Miller during the film’s final battle. Knowing that the conflict at Ramelle was Miller’s ticket back home (a place he desperately wanted to go), one can’t help but wish that his fortunes were reversed and he made it out of Europe alive. We’re not necessarily saying Steamboat Willie should have been executed when he was first found (since that sequence provided nice character moments), but it would have been nice to see Miller survive.Wes Anderson’s Best Picture nominee is largely a rollicking crime caper, with the misadventures of Gustave (Ralph Fiennes) and his trusted lobby boy Zero (Tony Revolori) providing moments of entertainment as they attempt to uncover the mystery surrounding Madame D’s (Tilda Swinton) murder. But it’s also a story of how the world changes in the midst of a war, with Gustave fighting for the last remnants of class and sophistication, characteristics of what is seemingly a bygone era. His determination for standing up for his values and belief systems is what comes back to prematurely end his life, in actions well after he had solved his case with Zero and moved on.Toward the end of the film, Gustave meets his demise off camera defending Zero from soldiers who wish to see his immigrant papers (threatening to arrest him). Even though we never see Gustave get shot, it’s still a sad scene, and it gives the film a melancholy ending to what was a rousing adventure to that point. In a way, Gustave’s death serves one of the movie’s themes, and illustrates that his cause was always a lost one, but seeing as that he was just sticking up for his friend in an isolated incident, we don’t see why the soldiers had to be so cruel. If only Henckels (Edward Norton) had been there.In a film populated by colorful characters like Walter (John Goodman), The Jesus (John Tuturro) and The Dude (Jeff Bridges), it’s easy to forget about poor Donnie (Steve Buscemi), the third member of The Dude’s bowling team. Never really getting a chance to have his voice be heard and always relegated to the background, Donnie is mainly inconsequential to the plot, with his primary purpose being a punching bag for Walter’s insults. Even though viewers didn’t get to know him that much, he still seemed like a harmless, friendly guy who just enjoyed life.Confronted by German nihilists still under the impression that there is money to be had at the end of the film, Dude, Walter, and Donnie have to fight for their lives after a night of bowling, and though they defeat their attackers, Donnie can’t handle the excitement. He succumbs to a heart attack, putting a dark exclamation point on an otherwise comedic misadventure that was full of laughs. Donnie didn’t do much, but the main gang still seemed incomplete without him and his absence was very noticeable. The Stranger (Sam Elliott) said he didn’t like to see Donnie go, and neither did we.Just from their banter in Speed’s opening sequence, you can tell that Jack (Keanu Reeves) and Harry (Jeff Daniels) are inseparable best buds who will always have each other’s back. It’s important that their dynamic was so well-established early on, as it made one of the film’s more stunning moments a heartbreaking one as well. After the LAPD discovers the identity of the mad bomber, Harry leads a squad to Howard Payne’s (Dennis Hopper) house, but the home has been rigged to explode and the officers are killed instantly.Audiences already had enough reasons to hate Payne that this move was just icing on the cake. Viewers certainly shared Jack’s sentiments in the moments immediately after Harry is killed, as the normally calm policeman is consumed by rage. It gives us one of Keanu’s greatest lines in an action movie, but we can’t help but wonder how the film would have played out (probably not too differently) if Harry lived. As great as it was to see Jack and Annie (Sandra Bullock) get together, one final scene of Jack and Harry celebrating finally taking down Payne would be been all the more sweet.Sailing on the maiden voyage of the Titanic should be an exciting proposition, but for Rose (Kate Winslet), it’s anything but. Destined to live her life among the stuffy upper class, she would rather commit suicide than marry Cal (Billy Zane) and go through the rest of her days disillusioned. However, fate intervenes and she meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a ball of light and energy who opens up a whole new perspective of the world for Rose to see. Even though the two are on the ship for just a short time, they’re perfect for each other and fall in love. They’re even set to run off together once the boat docks.Sadly, they never get that chance. When the ship has its fateful collision with the iceberg, many of the passengers are left fending for their lives in the harsh conditions of the Atlantic Ocean. That includes Jack, who even gives up his spot on a piece of wood so Rose can stay out of the cold water, and succumbs to hypothermia before rescue boats arrive to save them (though it's debatable if there was room for both Rose and Jack). Admittedly, the true tragedy behind Titanic would make a “lovers' walk together in the sunset” ending a bit jarring (not counting the film’s final scene), but Jack and Rose were a sweet couple who deserved each other and it was heartbreaking that their time together was so short.Beginning with The Goblet of Fire, J.K. Rowling cranked up the stakes considerably by killing off characters in the Harry Potter stories. Some were heartbreaking (Sirius Black) and others were downright shocking (Dumbledore). Then there’s the case of lovable trickster twin brother Fred Weasley (James Phelps), whose passing in the Battle of Hogwarts proved so traumatic, Potter fans started a “Fred Weasley Death Support Group” on Facebook so people all around the globe could come together and mourn.It’s easy to see why so many people were impacted by Fred’s death. Though the twins were never main characters, they were certainly among the most memorable side players in the franchise, working as the Abbott and Costello of the wizarding world with the jokes and gags they constantly played on their friends. Even when the impending doom surrounding Voldemort’s return was near, they never took themselves too seriously, illustrating the fun side of magic and how it can be truly awe-inspiring. Even though George was spared to carry the torch, it isn’t the same without Fred there to complement him. His sacrifice left a void impossible to fill.The Star Wars prequels are rather maligned, but one aspect of them that's usually praised is Darth Maul (Ray Parks), the athletic Sith apprentice who quickly became one of the franchise’s most iconic creations with his stoic, intimidating persona and master skill with a lightsaber. His screen time and lines of dialogue were brief, but he was such a commanding presence that it was hard not to feel a pang of disappointment when Obi-Wan Kenobi sliced him in half and sent him toppling to his death. Yes, Maul was revived for the Clone Wars animated series, but George Lucas cost himself a great movie villain for the last two prequels.Now, we have to point out that if Maul had lived (eliminating the need for Count Dooku to step in as Sidious’ apprentice), he may not have been the best person to unite entire systems in a political alliance against the Galactic Republic (meaning Palpatine may have had to be more hands-on), but it would have been worth it just to give Maul more time to develop. As Star Wars fans, it’s hard not to wonder what things might have been like if young Anakin’s rival was Maul instead of the elder Dooku, which would have pitted two Force users in their prime against each other and been a spectacle to behold. Maul had every right to be the prequel’s answer to Vader and his legacy is one of wasted potential instead of going down as an all-time great.All throughout Aliens, Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) fights to protect the young Newt (Carrie Henn) from the xenomorphs with the courageous Hicks (Michael Biehn) never leaving her side. The only survivors (along with android Bishop) of the space marines’ voyage to LV-426, the trio seemed poised to operate as a makeshift family unit, finally free of nightmares and creatures with acid blood. But in the beginning of Alien 3, their craft crashes on Fury 161. Ripley is the only one who gets out alive, essentially rendering everything she did in the previous movie pointless, since her new companions met their bitter end anyway.The case can be made that we’re cheating a little bit because the deaths of Hicks and Newt did have some impact on the plot of Alien 3. It would have been a different movie if those characters were around, but many of its elements would have stayed the same. At the same time, their losses were harder to swallow than usual, especially considering that the main alien is introduced via dog instead of an embryo that was inside Hicks or Newt. It undercut a beloved and critically acclaimed classic that had legions of supporters, and even James Cameron expressed displeasure with the decision. Heartbreaking deaths are a vital piece of cinema, but these were more cruel than emotionally gut-punching.Not all movie deaths are created equal. While some will be of great service to the core narrative and characters, there are others that just illustrate how life is unfair and sometimes people kick the bucket for no “real” reason at all. No matter how satisfying a conclusion to a film is, the knowledge that some of our favorite characters weren’t there to see it all through gives it all a bittersweet feel.Of course, our list is not meant to be all-inclusive, so be sure to list your most heartbreaking film deaths in the comments below.
Tags:
star wars,
harry potter,
titanic,
django unchained,
The Grand Budapest Hotel,
the departed,
aliens
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
If you think fictionalized astronauts floating in space is scary (a la Gravity), then a similar tale that actually happened should be even worse. Ron Howard’s cinematic telling of the failed Apollo 13 mission serves up plenty of tension and suspense - even if you already know how thecaptivating true story ends.Making this (slightly) bearable is the fact that NASA is fully aware of the situation and their employees are hard at work to devise a way to get the astronauts home safely. Still, there are several obstacles Jim Lovell and his crew must overcome. The temperatures could freeze any of the crew to death and rising carbon dioxide levels are near-fatal. Due to the poor condition of their module, the protagonists are also unsure which systems (including the heat shield) are intact - making the reentry into Earth’s atmosphere an extremely frightening trip.The crew goes through a lot of emotions during Apollo 13 and after watching the treacherous ordeal, non-spacefarers will be happy they're on solid ground.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The pop culture staple of the 1990s, NBC's award-winning sitcom Friends, is one of those shows that will always be fondly remembered, rewatched, referenced and quoted. It's been twenty-five years since the show first started in September of 1994 and yet we're still talking about it.RELATED: The 10 Highest Rated TV Shows on NetflixThere's just something about these characters, their stories, the show's fine balance of humor and emotional weight that keeps us coming back to it. Even though it ran for ten seasons, the show never had a season that was outright bad. Still, we all have our favorites, so here's our ranking of all ten seasons of Friends.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAlright, if we have to pick the worst season there’s really no other choice but to go with season nine. The penultimate season did have its good moments. Episodes like “The One with Ross’s Inappropriate Song” where he raps “Baby Got Back” to his baby daughter, and “The One with Rachel’s Other Sister” where Christina Applegate guest-stars as Amy and causes mayhem during Monica’s Thanksgiving dinner were hilarious.However, there were some episodes, plotlines, and jokes that didn’t quite land, indicating that the show had run its course. Many fans couldn’t get behind the idea of Rachel having feelings for Joey. Plotlines like Joey not remembering if he already slept with the woman he was dating, and the whole ordeal with Ross, Rachel, Joey, and Charlie won’t make anyone’s favorites list.Next off is season one. Coincidentally, it is Lisa Kudrow’s favorite season because it was the first one. However, since it was the first one, the show hadn’t yet found its feet. Don’t get us wrong, season one makes us laugh every time we watch it. Of course, certain episodes do stand out as exceptionally funny, like the one where Chandler gets stuck in an ATM vestibule during a blackout, and the season finale where Rachel finds out that Ross is in love with her.RELATED: Friends Likely Leaving Netflix After Warner Streaming Service LaunchesOn the other hand, season one had some serious issues when it comes to characters, specifically Joey, Phoebe, and Rachel, who were a bit too stereotypical at times to actually be relatable. And let’s not forget that, at one point, Ross had a freaking pet monkey, which the show itself made fun of in later seasons.Season seven is a mixed bag. Far from being outright bad, or even having a legitimately bad episode or two, season seven was just average by Friends standards. Sure, it had its moments. Who could ever forget Ross in an Armadillo costume or Chandler’s charming smile? The two-part season finale was certainly the highlight of the season with lots of excitement, hilarious and emotional moments prior to, and during Monica and Chandler’s wedding ceremony.However, season seven also had some of the show’s least memorable episodes like “The One with All the Candy” and “The One with Ross and Monica’s Cousin”, which was pretty… weird – yea, let’s go with that word.Season two finally gave the audience what they wanted – Ross and Rachel, and then some. However, some of the best and worst moments of the season revolve around the aforementioned couple. So, let’s start with what worked. The first episode was pure Jennifer Aniston comedic gold and her line “isn’t that just kick-you-in-the-crotch spit-on-your-neck fantastic?” is nothing short of iconic.The strongest episode of the bunch has to be “The One with the Prom Video”, that is, simply put, Friends at its best. Plus, it kicked off the flashback tradition that yielded some priceless moments in future seasons. That being said, “The One with the List” stands out as one of season two’s weakest and most frustrating points. Then there's the episode with Rachel's new boyfriend, aka Ross's more annoying doppelganger Russ, which wasn't great.Now, we come to the final season of Friends, which sits comfortably in the middle of our list. Right off the bat, let’s make it clear that the finale was pretty much everything we could have wanted it to be. It made us laugh, it made us cry, and even today the mental image of six keys laid out on the kitchen counter brings tears to our eyes.RELATED: 25 Wild Details About Friends Even True Fans MissedOther episodes that stand out include “The One Where Ross is Fine”, “The One with Ross’ Tan”, and basically every moment where Ross goes absolutely bonkers. We also loved seeing more Paul Rudd, aka Mike, and “The One with Princess Consuela” is hands down the best Phoebe/Mike episode. That being said, season ten did have the worst first episode of all seasons.Season six had all kinds of great moments, both comedic and emotional. With contenders like “The One Where Ross Got High”, “The One with the Routine”, “The One with Unagi”, “The One that Could Have Been”, and of course the two-part finale with Chandler’s proposal it’s impossible to pick out a favorite episode.Furthermore, all six friends had some outstanding moments. Phoebe in the Pottery Barn episode (which is basically a course in product placement), Rachel and her unforgettable beef trifle, Joey with his “identical” twin, everything about Chandler and Monica's relationship and the proposal, and last but not least Ross attempting to deal with his third divorce. Case in point, the glorious scene where he explains his three failed marriages to three potential dates. Because you see, once you know the stories it’s not that bad.In season three, Friends really hit its stride. It’s the season that managed to break our hearts and have perfect comedic beats at the same time in “The One with the Morning After”. It’s the season that thought us that cushions are the essence of the chair and never to hide a person’s underwear as one can never know what they will deem a suitable reciprocation.RELATED: Friends: The 15 All Time Best (And 10 Worst) Episodes, Officially RankedIn season three, we also learned how to fashion a giant poking device in case we ever needed to poke a possibly dead naked guy from our balcony. It’s the season that gave us the Geller Cup, the Chick and the Duck, and, last but not least, "we were on a break” – the line that would go on to become a staple of Ross and Rachel's relationship and the show itself. And all that's just the tip of the iceberg.Other than the misguided plotline that included Joey developing feelings for Rachel, season eight was perfect. It's worth noting that, this is the only time that Friends won the Emmy for Best Comedy Series. The red sweater storyline that revealed the identity of the father of Rachel’s baby was brilliant. David Schwimmer shines again with Ross's over the top reaction to the news. Then there’s the meticulously plotted episode “The One with the Videotape” that manages to tie all the seemingly unrelated plotlines together in a tight knot.In “The One with the Baby Shower”, one of those deceptively titled episodes, we got to see the best, but sadly fake, gameshow in the history of television. While the girls were having their baby shower, the guys played Bamboozled – the craziest quiz game ever created with the most ridiculous and complex set of rules. The fact that Bamboozled never became a real thing on TV is a shame.Season four had at least one of the show’s best episodes. We are talking of course about “The One with the Embryos”. Despite what the title might suggest, Phoebe getting impregnated isn’t quite the main event here. The real action takes place in Monica and Rachel’s apartment, which they end up losing in a quiz to Joey and Chandler. The question that marked their doom: what is Chandler Bing’s job? Hint: it's not transponster.RELATED: Friends: Every Major Couple Officially RankedAnd let's not forget the other season four gems, like “The One with the Jellyfish”, “The One with the Girl from Poughkeepsie”, the two-part finale with Ross’s wedding, and of course the one where Monica, while wearing an eyepatch, gets in one of the best zingers, “Fine! Judge all you want to, but married a lesbian; left a man at the altar; fell in love with a gay ice dancer; threw a girl’s wooden leg in a fire; live in a box!”Out of all ten seasons, the fifth season has the most episodes that are generally considered the best episodes of Friends. Ross mental breakdown over his second failed marriage provided a lot of comedic fodder, as did Monica and Chandler’s secret relationship. “The One with All the Thanksgivings” is widely considered the top Thanksgiving episode, and “The One in Vegas: Part 2” is one of the show’s best season finale. Then, there's the one where Ross loses his mind over his sandwich, or as he likes to call it "the only good thing going on in his life," and the one where they throw a ball around for the entire episode.Finally, there's "The One Where Everybody Finds Out", which reached new levels of hilarity and gave us one of the show's most memorable lines, “they don’t know that they know we know.” Storywise, characterwise, comedy-wise, and in every other possible aspect, season five is Friends at its absolute best.NEXT: 10 Quotes From Harry Potter All Muggles Should Live By
Tags:
friends
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The best movie twists are the ones that change everything that came before it. Ones that make you want to immediately go back and rewatch the movie for clues you may have missed.Movies like this are the reason spoiler warnings were invented, so consider yourself warned. However these twists were so good that they’ve become common pop culture knowledge and required viewing for any film fan. So if you still don’t know who Luke Skywalker’s father is, we apologize in advance.Here are 10 shocking plot twists you never saw comingEmpire Strikes BackThe first Star Wars film set up one of cinema’s all time greatest villains. Not only did we see Darth Vader is willing to decimate entire planets, we also learned that he was directly responsible for the death of our hero’s father. Fans who lined up around the block to see Luke take on Vader had no idea what was in store for them.Can you imagine what would have happened if Empire Strikes Back had come out in the internet age? One of the all-time greatest movie plot twists probably would have been spoiled for millions by fanboys who had just had their minds blown. Considered by many to be the definitive Star Wars movie, Empire set the bar for franchise plot twists. Harry Potter and the Deathly Hollows You have to give J.K. Rowling credit for keeping a secret for seven books and seven movies. Snape was always one of the most interesting characters in the Harry Potter universe, but we had no idea how important his role would be until the story’s final instalment. Clearly never a fan of Potter’s, we never knew if the professor was a full fledged practitioner of the dark arts, or just kind of a dick. When he killed Dumbledore at the end of Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince,  that question seemed to have a pretty definitive answer.In Harry Potter and the Deathly Hollows it’s revealed that this was all part of an elaborate plan Snape and Dumbledore concocted and Snape has been helping Harry all along, it changes everything you thought you knew about the character. Acting out of an unrequited love for Harry’s mother, it’s Snape who sacrifices the most to rid the world of Voldemort. Oldboy Is there a more messed up, harder hitting twist ending than Oldboy? I don’t think so. When Dae-Su Oh finally learns the reason behind his mysterious 16 year incarceration and the strange string of events that followed, he probably wished he’d never gotten out of that hotel room. An elaborate revenge plot involving hypnosis and incest make this one of the most shocking movie endings of all time. The Force Awakens With The Force Awakens now on Blu-ray, Star Wars fans have had ample opportunity to see it. The cat’s out of the bag. Our favourite smuggler bit the dust at the hands of his own son. This development had people talking in hushed tones when the film was first released for fear of spoiling it for anyone who hadn’t seen it yet. It was the best kept secret in a film with many secrets and surprises. With much of the movie based around Solo, it felt like a proper sendoff while also setting up Kylo Ren as a heartless villain. If only Han had known that walking out onto a bridge like that never ends well in Star Wars. The Departed The ending of The Departed confused many people. The movie had so many double crosses that you’re left with a pile of rats with their tales in one big knot. Mark Wahlberg’s character seemed to be the only honest cop, until the film’s last scene when we see him take out Matt Damon’s character gangland style. While Wahlberg is still acting in the interest of the police, he’s employing the other side’s tactics to get the job done. Book of Eli The Book of Eli did an excellent of foreshadowing its twist without giving it away. As we follow Denzel Washington’s Eli through this post apocalyptic world, nobody else seems better equipped to handle its threats. More than capable of defending himself against cannibals and other enemies, it’s revealed at the end that he has been navigating these dangers without the benefit of sight. If you watch the film with this knowledge you’ll notice him listening and feeling his way through scenes as Eli takes a page out of Daredevil’s book by using his other heightened senses to survive. The Usual Suspects The Usual Suspects is about a mastermind criminal pulling the wool over a detective’s eyes, and fooling all of us in the process. Director Brian Singer crafted such an elaborate web of lies that even the most of the cast didn’t know who the real Keyser Soze was until they saw the film. Singer pulls a real cinematic magic trick by having us look one way and believe Gabriel Byrne’s Keaton had orchestrated the film’s events before revealing that the real puppet master was in front of us all along. You can’t blame Detective Dave Kujan for not suspecting the crippled Verbal Kint, Kevin Spacey’s performance was so convincing that he won an actor for his role. The Sixth Sense Sixth Sense is known for having one of the best twist endings of all time. It was so good that writer/ director M. Night Shyamalan has been trying to match it ever since with very little luck. Watching the movie now, it seems painfully obvious that Bruce Willis’s character dies in the first scene and is a ghost for the rest of the film, but seeing it for the first time in 1999 had audiences getting right back in line to find the clues they missed the first time around. Fight ClubThe first rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club’s ending with someone who hasn’t seen it. The second rule of Fight Club is: expect the unexpected. This explosive, mind-bending action comedy helped the 90s go out with a bang by pitting Edward Norton’s narrator against his alter ego Tyler Durden. Once you realize the two are one in the same, it seems so illogical that revisiting the film would surely disprove this left turn, yet scrutinizing Fight Club only reveals that David Fincher knew exactly what he was doing the entire time. Shutter IslandThe name Shutter Island is an anagram for “Truth and Lies”, which is quite fitting for the story that sees Leonardo DiCaprio’s detective character Teddy Daniels investigating a patient missing from a hospital for the criminally insane. Much like Fight Club, the delusional protagonist turns out to be his own antagonist, as Daniels learns that he is in fact the missing the patient and what we’ve been watching is an elaborate fantasy the character created to deal with past trauma.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The DC universe is filled with powerful characters. Whether they fall on the side of good, bad, or somewhere in between, these characters are some of the most impressive in film, television, and comic book history. Some of the most formidable individuals in the DC universe are women. And when they fall on the side of evil, they can prove to be a major hassle for even the most intimidating superheroes like Batman, Wonder Woman, or Superman.This list will delve into an assortment of impressive female villains. Each of them is strong in their own way. Some may wield all the power in the universe, while others have access to incredible intelligence or resources. Without further ado, here are 10 of the strongest female villains in the DC universe.There have been many incarnations of this classic Batman villain. In almost every case, Pamela Lilian Isley, AKA Poison Ivy, is immune to practically any poison, meaning that she has a superhuman immune system. This, matched with her chemistry skills, allows her to use toxins in ways that most people can't. She can also produce pheromones that work as a mind control power, which is particularly effective on men.In certain storylines, Poison Ivy can even mentally control all plants. This means that she can cause them to grow at any rate, come-alive, and attack her enemies. As outlandish as some of her skills sound, they have proven to be effective weapons.This DC villain is based on the arch-enemy and half-sister of Arthur and Merlin in the Arthurian Legends. Just like the witch, she's based on, Morgaine le Fey is a supreme sorceress. Her spells can control even the most powerful superheroes such as Super Man and Batman. She was even capable of transporting Wonder Woman to another dimension in order to battle her for her powers.Although the immortal Morgaine usually fights for her own desires, other times she attempts to put her son Mordred on the universal throne. Regardless of who she's battling for, she almost always proves herself to be a major obstacle for the Justice League.Although this character may have a downright silly name, as well as appear as intimidating as that bossy resident of your grandparents' nursing home, she's one of the most powerful characters in the DC universe. Yes, Granny Goodness is a formidable foe. She's an immortal cosmic deity from Apokolips who often aides Darkseid on his quest for universal domination.Goodness has almost every physical superhuman ability one can think of. This includes superhuman strength, speed, and agility. Add those skills to her being a weapons expert, an excellent tactician, and a relentless fighter, and you have one powerful villain. She can also effectively teach her skills to others, creating an army of foes for the Justice League.Lady Shiva may not have the superpowers that villains like Granny Goodness or Poison Ivy have, but she is one of the most skilled fighters in all of the DC universe. She is a mindblowing martial artist, trained in several different styles. Shiva has trained under some of the best in the world. This has allowed her to fully understand body movements, meaning that she can sense what her opponent is going to do before they do it. This gives her an incredible upper hand.Shiva is completely ruthless, which aids her as an assassin for hire. She usually comes into conflict with Black Cannery, Nightwing, and Batman. Each time, she proves to be a formidable opponent for them.When it comes to DC villains, Darkseid is pretty much the most powerful. Therefore, it's easy to claim that his daughter, Grail, is also one of the best around. After all, she's absorbed a lot of his skills by osmosis. She was also prophesied to bring great destruction on behalf of her father. In short, she's the real deal when it comes to villains.Grail doesn't have the exact array of powers as Darkseid. But the two are similar. Not only is Grail a weapons expert, but she has all the abilities of occult Amazon rituals. This allows her travel inter-dimensionally, summon her father at will, and revive others from their demise. She also has superhuman speed, agility, strength, and senses.Not all sisters get along. This is certainly the case with Starfire and her villainous sibling, Blackfire. Much like her sister, Blackfire has all of the abilities of her Tamaranian ancestry. This means she can absorb ultraviolet energy and project it at will. There's no shortage of creative and destructive ways she can emit the energy. When she absorbs it, she gives her superhuman strength, agility, speed, enhanced endurance, and stamina. Additionally, she's nearly invulnerable. Her powers may be on par with her Teen Titan sister, if not superior.Blackfire, like all Tamaranians, also has the ability to assimilate languages simply by touch. This means she can more easily manipulate those who others can't understand.Catwoman is on this list not because she has the superpowers of some of the others, but because her brains match her brawn. Not only is she an excellent fighter, but she may be one of the best tacticians in the DC universe. Catwoman can mentally outmaneuver some of the best heroes and villains, which makes her formidable as she's often out for herself. Although she's not impervious to harm.As for her physical abilities, Catwoman is a trained Ninja along with an Olympic-level gymnast. This means that she can silently evade her enemies and attack them before they know she does. Catwoman is also famous for her use of sharp claws and a bullwhip that is both a weapon and a tool to escape dire scenarios.This ghoulish Superman villain was granted superpowers from a mysterious entity known as "The Crone". Her most famous power is the supersonic blast she emits from her mouth, hence her name, Silver Banshee. The blast reduces the energy and powers of all that hear it. She's also described as a succubus, as she likes to the drain the powers of her enemies and absorbs them for herself. Each time she does this, she grows stronger.Although her greatest foe has some of the best powers in the superhero universe, she also has superhuman strength, agility, and the power of flight. This makes her a formidable foe for the Man of Steel.Talia al Ghul is one of the best opponents for The Dark Knight due to the fact that the pair loves each other. Since Talia is a master manipulator, she can easily best Batman by appealing to his heart. Additionally, Talia is one of the most connected villains on this list. Not only has she had her entire life to learn the physical and intellectual skills of her father, but she also has access to his vast network of assassins, financiers, and weapons experts.Talia, herself, is trained in almost all forms of hand-to-hand combat. In some cases, she has overcome both her father, Ra's al Ghul and Batman. Most importantly, Talia is one of the most well-educated characters in the DC universe.Sure, Enchantress in the Suicide Squad movie was a total bore, but her comic book counterpart is far more engaging. She's also one of the most impressive villains in the DC universe. Her powers are hard to define. This is because the dark magic that she wields can be manipulated in a number of ways. For example, Enchantress has the ability to teleport herself to other locations and dimensions. She also can heal herself from many injuries and walk through walls.wIn the comics, multiple heroes have attempted to defeat her. But Enchantress is capable of battling multiple characters at once and still come out on top. This is one of the reasons she's one of the strongest female villains in DC's history.
Tags:
dc comics,
dc universe,
DC
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Before Joseph Gordon-Levitt was cast as John Blake in Dark Knight Rises he was scrawny teenager Cameron James.  Prior to Heath Ledger playing The Joker in The Dark Knight he was older looking high school-er Patrick Verona.  No, this isn't an article on the six degrees of separation to Batman.  I'm speaking, of course, about the popular '90s teenage comedy 10 Things I Hate About You - an updated version of William Shakespeare's comedic play "The Taming of the Shrew".Director Gil Junger, who directed both the big screen version and ABC Family TV version of 10 Things I hate About You, recently told Variety that he is moving forward with production on the sequel.  While it's still way too early to know if Julia Stiles (Bourne Identity, Bourne Ultimatum) will be making any sort of return or cameo, we do know that Junger has tabbed Hayley Atwell as his leading lady for the film. Atwell recently gained stardom as Peggy Carter in Captain America: The First Avenger.Those looking for another quirky teenage comedy should know that Junger plans on going a bit darker for this sequel. Well, maybe a lot darker.  According to Junger the sequel to 10 Things I Hate About You will have a suicidal twist to it. Re-read the previous sentence if you think you've misread. The script will feature two people whose paths cross when they head to the same place at the same time to end their lives. Junger commented on where the script goes from there:“Their chance meeting is so awkward, so raw, and so funny, they postpone their intentions and go their separate ways.”No information has been released yet on a potential release date for the sequel to 10 Things I Hate About You - nor has word leaked on who else may be starring along side Hayley Atwell. One might be wondering if Zac Efron's phone may soon be ringing. One might also be wondering why you suddenly can't get that song "Can't Take My Eyes Off You" out of your head.We'll keep you updated on the status of the 10 Things I Hate About You sequel as more news comes to light.Source: VarietySubscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With great power comes the opportunity to be other people who have great power. Over Spider-Man's storied career, Spider-Man has taken on the mantle of numerous Marvel Comics heroes and villains.RELATED: Everything Maguire, Garfield, And Holland Did Right With Spider-Man (And Everything They Did Wrong)Many of these versions exist in alternate universes or imagined "What If?" scenarios. Regardless, each time Spider-Man has shown himself capable of being as strong as another hero, or as ruthless as one of his villains.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewSpider-Man and The Lizard have been enemies since for years, dating all the way back to Amazing Spider-Man #6. At one point, Spider-Man attempted to cure Dr. Curt Connors from his Lizard persona.The method used to cure Connors was successful, but had an adverse effect on Peter Parker, turning him into the Spider-Lizard. Spider-Lizard terrorized New York for days before being cured of his affliction by Dr. Connors.In the 1998 episode "Spider Wars Part 1: I Really Really Hate Clones", Peter Parker is thrust into a world that has been devastated by Spider-Carnage. This world's version of Spider-Man fused with the Carnage symbiote, attacking and destroying anything in his path.It took the efforts of multiple Spider-Men from different universes to defeat Spider-Carnage. The episode showed how intimidating the two entities are when they're bonded together.The Marvel Knights limited series Bullet Points shows a world where the Super Soldier serum is never completed and Steve Rogers never becomes Captain America. Years later, a rebellious Peter Parker travels into a secret government facility in the desert right as a gamma bomb is detonated.RELATED: Every Version Of Spider-Man Ranked From Weakest To Most PowerfulThe gamma radiation turns Peter Parker into The Hulk, while Bruce Banner's attempts to stop Peter result in him accidentally becoming Spider-Man. The comic showed that no matter who was the Hulk, they were a force to be reckoned with.Venom and Peter Parker have a long and complicated history with one another. The Symbiote has attempted to bond with Peter for years, with Peter rejecting him each time. When a Carnage-infused Norman Osborne threatens the life of Mary-Jane Watson, Venom convinces Peter that his powers alone won't be enough. The two combine, and Spider-Man's anger at Osborne causes him to fully morph into Venom.In the What If? hypothetical comic series, we see a world where Peter Parker takes the death of Uncle Ben very differently. Rather than give up the mugger to the police, he shoots him in cold blood. He takes on the mantle of the Punisher, utilizing his web slingers into chain-guns and mowing down criminals in broad daylight.While nowhere near the level of Frank Castle in terms of unhappiness, he shares the same drive to murder and punish those he views as evil people. In this case, with great power came great punishment.Marvel Comics Infinity Warps series provides a mashup of comic book characters, showing new powers, costumes and personalities for our favorite Marvel characters. One of these iterations is ArachKnight, a meld of Spider-Man and Moon Knight. In it, Peter Parker is chosen as the Avatar of the Spider-Totem, making him the defender of destiny and the great weave of date.This has split his mind into multiple personalities, similar to Moon Knights. While his powers function similarly, its fascinating to see a Peter Parker behave in the way Moon Knight does, and makes one realize how tortured Moon Knight must feel having so many personalities inside his head.In Marvel's Marvel 2 in One series, a cast of Marvel Comics characters are shown alternate realities where things took very different turns. In one of these worlds, Spider-Man was forced to kill Tony Stark and imprison Captain America due to the escalating tragedies of the Civil War storyline.RELATED: Everything We Know About Spider-Man's Role In Avengers: EndgameDoing so caused him to snap, and become a despot who rules over the wastelands. Even worse, he has taken to wearing Captain America's mask, often talking to himself as if he were Steve Rogers. When one expected to see Spider-Man as Cap, this was probably the last thing they could have thought of.During the Spider-Verse storyline, we were introduced to Spider-Man of Earth 21205. In this world, a grieving Peter Parker was unable to move on from Gwen Stacey's death. He murdered Green Goblin in cold blood and took on the Hobgoblin persona, abandoning his role as Spider-Man and turning instead to crime.Upon seeing Spider-Gwen, Spider-Goblin realizes what he has lost in the process of being the Hobgoblin. He sacrifices himself with a pumpkin bomb in order to protect Gwen from the Inheritors hot on her trail. Even as a villain, somewhere deep down Spider-Man tried to do the right thing.Is there a better combination of heroes than Deadpool and Spider-Man? Probably, but none of them are as entertaining to see. Spider-Man and Deadpool have teamed up and faced off on numerous occasions. The two smart-alecs, though different in temperament, typically end up working well together. In Deadpool Annual #2, Spider-Man is hunted by the Chameleon, who tries to drive him insane.In a stroke of genius, Deadpool and Spider-Man switch costumes. Chameleon is unable to drive Deadpool insane since he already is, and Deadpool as Spider-Man and Spider-Man as Deadpool work together to take the villain out.For all the true believers out there, this one is a great cameo. The end of the Spider-Verse storyline, Spider-Geddon has all the various Spider-Men teaming up to take down the Inheritors that have been hunting them down. In Spider-Geddon #5, we see all assembled Spider-Men for the first time. One of these is a familiar grey-haired, glasses wearing mustachioed man. Appearing in multiple panels, there is no denying that this is a Spider-Man where in his world, Stan Lee is Spider-Man.RELATED: Secret Stan Lee Cameos You Definitely Missed In Spider-Man: Into The Spider-VerseGiven that this issue came out a month after Stan Lee's death, it's clear that this was a tribute to the great comic legend. Stan Lee gave the world Spider-Man, so it's only fitting that he got to be everyone's friendly neighborhood Spider-Man at least once.NEXT: New Spider-Man: Far From Home Hasbro Toys Revealed [Exclusive]
Tags:
spider-man
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In the not-so-distant past, TV shows depicted married couples – like Lucy and Ricky Ricardo – sleeping in separate twin beds to uphold the moral codes of the time along with censorship rules. With the sexual and social revolution of the '60s and '70s, TV started to tackle more serious social issues, such as abortion in Maude, and introduced the era of "jiggle TV" with shows like Charlie's Angels, Wonder Woman, and Three's Company.Even with these movements toward sexual liberation, American broadcast networks were and still are regulated by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), prohibiting them from airing "acts of indecency" without receiving a hefty fine (unlike movies which could easily include nudity). In 2008, the FCC proposed a $1.43 million fine against ABC TV stations for showing a partially nude woman in a 2003 episode of NYPD Blue and Janet Jackson's breast-baring wardrobe malfunction during the 2004 Super Bowl halftime show garnered CBS a proposed $550,000 fine.Free from the FCC's indecency and profanity regulations, premium cable channels in the late 90s and early 2000s started featuring programming that pushed the boundaries of what was once considered acceptable nudity on TV. In the late 90s, it wasn't uncommon to see bare breasts or butts in sex scenes. By the late 2000s, it was no longer shocking to see full frontal of a woman. And even nowadays a man's full-frontal region is no holds barred.Here's our list of the TV shows that have the most nudity, beginning in 1998.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewBased on the book of the same name by Candace Bushnell, Sex and the City follows the personal and professional lives of four 30-something plus women in New York City. SATC was one of the first shows with explicitly sexual content, featuring both explicit sex scenes and scenes of women talking explicitly about sex. It resonated with women around the world, as it examined issues women commonly experienced in their relationships, but perhaps never talked about publicly. Men have even credited the show for giving insight into the female perspective on sex and relationships.Many of the graphic sex scenes featured self-proclaimed "try-sexual" Samantha Jones. While actress Kim Cattral often exposed her breasts for the camera, nudity in some of the more explicitly sexual scenes was often hidden by undergarments and carefully-placed bedsheets. In one memorable scene, Samantha planned to greet her boyfriend with perfectly appointed sushi covering her private parts.At some point, all of the women except for Sarah Jessica Parker (whose contract stipulated no nudity), exposed their breasts for the show. There were also plenty of male bare bottoms shown throughout the series.Entourage chronicled the acting career of Vincent Chase (Adrian Grenier), a young A-list movie star, and his childhood friends from Queens, New York City. According to Mark Wahlberg, the show was conceived when his assistant asked if he could film Wahlberg and his friends, as she thought they were "hilarious."In earlier seasons, women's breasts were occasionally exposed. In later seasons, particularly season seven, topless women became much more prevalent. In one episode, a brief background shot of naked men were shown on a porn set. In another episode, full-frontal female nudity was displayed in a scene of adult-film star Sasha Grey going skinny-dipping. Additionally, there were plenty of bare butts throughout the season.While the sex scenes of Entourage don't often include graphic detail, viewers witness thrusting and moaning, bare breasts of women, and both male as well as female bare bottoms.Based on the British series created by Russell T. Davies, Queer as Folk was the first hour-long drama series on American television to portray the lives of gay men and women. In order to portray gay relationships with realism, the actors had to sign a 21-page contract stipulating that they would appear nude in the show.Some critics have praised Queer as Folk for portraying the most realistic sex scenes in film and TV history - after all, it was the first show to feature a simulated sex scene between two men. While the sex was not gratuitous, and you won't see full-frontal nudity, many sex scenes looked and felt authentic.Arguably the most authentic scene of the series was when Justin Taylor (Randy Harrison) loses his virginity to Brian Kinney (Gale Harold). Not only does Brian teach Justin about the particulars of sex, but he also shows him, in graphic detail, how to perform a specific sexual act (though it is never explicitly shown).Californication follows protagonist Hank Moody (David Duchovny), an L.A.-based novelist, struggling to overcome his sex addiction, among other things like alcoholism and drug use. Ironic enough, Duchovny went to treatment for his own sex addiction during production of the show - a classic case of life imitating art imitating life.Californication featured explicit sex scenes with full female and partial male nudity. Sexual activity is realistically depicted, but explicit details are never shown onscreen. Bare breasts as well as both male and female butts are showcased throughout the series, and the show features all kinds of sexual experimentation throughout.Californication became an instant target for the religious right, who successfully lobbied advertisers in Australia and New Zealand to cease their sponsorship of the show. Nevertheless, the series remained on air for seven sex-filled seasons.Based on the blog and books by the pseudonymous "Belle de Jour," Secret Diary of a Call Girl was written by Lucy Prebble, who is also the author of The Sugar Syndrome and ENRON. The series has been compared to Sex and the City by many critics, mainly due to its humorous approach to sex.The sexual humor derives from the odd sexual requests that Hannah Baxter (Billie Piper) receives as a high-class call girl in London. For example, one client, while having sex with “Belle,” (her pseudonym) asks to refer to herself as different barnyard animals, such as a goat and pig; another client wants to wrestle sumo-style before doing the deed; and (arguably) the strangest was when a client requested bottle-feeding before sealing the deal.While there is an abundance of sex in Secret Diary, viewers are only privy to partial nudity, albeit much of it, including bare breasts and bottoms.True Blood is based on The Southern Vampire Mysteries series of novels by Charlaine Harris, detailing the co-existence of vampires and humans in Bon Temps, a fictional small town in northwestern Louisiana. Language experts have affirmed, "Bon Temps" translates as "good times," which means "Louisiana" should mean "naked" with how much nudity, sex, and overall depravity is displayed over the course of the show.Throughout the series, the audience viewed "fang-bangers," bondage, threesomes, girl-on-girl and boy-on-boy action, orgies, and more. The sex scenes throughout the show are plentiful and raunchy – "True Guilty Pleasure" at its finest.True Blood (among other shows) has been scrutinized for the amount of gratuitous female nudity it reveals while allowing for little representation of the male front. In its six seasons, there are only two instances of the full male form. For example, when the vampire goddess Lilith rises from a pool of blood and walks around fully nude for extended scenes, she and her female vampire followers are shown in full frontal. But when a male character drank Lilith’s blood and ascended from a pool of blood, the camera cuts away before it reveals what's below his waist.Spartacus is based loosely on the Thracian gladiator, who from 73 to 71 BCE led a major slave uprising against the Roman Republic departing from Capua. The series was short-lived, airing its last season in 2013. But it made its mark in TV history with an abundance of swords, savagery, and sex.Unlike many shows on premium channels, Spartacus featured full-frontal nudity from both women and men – and the number of instances was pretty equal. In fact, for some characters, including males, it was a rarity to be clothed at all. Full-frontal male nudity is the norm for this show. You won't see any complaints about sexism or the objectification of women here. In many viewers' and critics' eyes, Spartacus remains the undisputed champ of TV nudity.A list about nudity in TV shows wouldn't be complete without Game of Thrones. The amount of nudity in Spartacus often rivaled this show, but due to its popularity, Game of Thrones is more often the victor in this arena. Though plentiful, many scenes in the series leave the viewer feeling uneasy rather than titillated, unlike other HBO shows like Sex and the City or Entourage.Game of Thrones has repeatedly been scrutinized for its sexism, misogyny, gratuitous nudity, and violence against women. Like other shows discussed on this list, full-frontal nudity is common with women, which is most often depicted in the brothel scenes.While there are plenty of brazen nude scenes showcased through the series to date, last season's "walk of shame" arguably rivals them all. In the season five finale, the fallen queen, Cersie (Lena Headey with the help of a body double), is made to walk naked (full frontal and back) through the streets of King's Landing after having confessed to adultery. One of the most horrific scenes in Game of Thrones history, viewers are to surmise that even queens are subject to public humiliation.A remake of an award-winning British series, Shameless tells the story of Frank Gallagher (William H. Macy), father of six children, who spends his days drunk and high while his kids learn to take care of themselves. It's up to eldest daughter Fiona (Emmy Rossum) to provide for the family.Nude scenes are a common occurrence in Shameless, and the show is unapologetic in its depiction of teenage sexuality. The show portrays teenagers as they are – one character wants to lose her virginity and brings a "lose virginity” poster to school.Fiona is the character that can most commonly be found nude in the show. In one memorable scene, Fiona has sex in a car on top of a sandwich. She comes from a low-income family who can't afford to spend money on going out, so she has sex – a lot of it – and she likes it. Making sex look real is important to Rossum, who wasn't afraid of signing a contact stipulating nudity. Like other series on this list, such as Sex and the City or Secret Diary of a Call Girl, Shameless isn't afraid to bring humor to sexuality.Girls follows the lives of a close group of 20-somethings living in New York City. Sound familiar? Though the show has a similar overarching story-line to Sex and the City, Girls is much more sexually explicit.There are no boundaries to the amount of time the main character Hannah (Lena Dunham, who also created the show) spends naked in the show. We have seen her eating cake on a toilet nude, playing ping-pong nude, talking on the phone nude, and often just being nude for the sake of being nude.Naysayers have criticized that unlike shows such as Game of Thrones and Spartacus, the nudity in Girls is pointless, and that because her body is quote unquote "normal," Dunham plays the nudity card way too often. Dunham has stated in retaliation that the nudity actively adds authenticity as well as defies gender stereotypes - and if you don't like her body, then that's your problem.House of Lies follows a group of management consultants who stop at nothing to seal business deals and make money.The first episode opens with series protagonist Marty Kaan (Don Cheadle) waking up on his ex-wife's (Dawn Olivieri) bare butt after a night of mistake sex. Marty tries to put on Monica's tight dress on the bed, and then pulls her half naked to a chair and manages to cover her bare breasts before their child, Roscoe, enters the room. Later in that same episode, Marty visits a gentleman's club where plenty of bare breasts are exposed and two women get intimate in the bathroom.While perhaps the greatest amount of nudity is shown in the very first episode, viewers see bare breasts and sometimes bare bottoms throughout the first season. This type of nudity is displayed in subsequent seasons, though less often, and many frontal shots are often unfocused.The Girl's Guide to Depravity is a comedy/drama series based on Heather Rutman's popular book and blog of the same name. The show follows two women, Lizzie (Sally Golan) and Samantha (Rebecca Blumhagen), and the rules they use to have fun and avoid being hurt in relationships. Each episode is themed to a certain rule, such as rule #12: "The best way to get over a guy is to get underneath another guy" and rule #9: "Always be the bigger bitch."Sex is aplenty throughout the course of the show, and viewers often see exposed bare breasts and bottoms. The series has been praised for the realism it brings to sex scenes and not over-choreographing them with unnecessary and oftentimes unbelievable moaning and screaming viewers are accustomed to hearing.Masters of Sex is a period piece set in the late '50s and '60s based on the book of the same name by Thomas Maier. The show follows the story of gynecologist William Masters (Michael Sheen) who conducts research into human sexuality with assistant Virginia Johnson (Lizzy Caplan). Their research helped to launch the sexual revolution in the U.S.Masters of Sex has its fair share of nudity, but most sex scenes are shown in snippets. Furthermore, there's a lot of scientific equipment and procedures in sex scenes that don't rally very much emotion. The show doesn't have too much full-frontal nudity, but when it does the camera is typically a safe distance away from its subject – like a case study.The series focuses on the rules of sexuality more than the act - and leaves its viewers asking themselves questions like: "How have sexual mores changed?" or "Are we still reluctant to talk about sex?"Orange Is the New Black, created by Jenji Kohan, is based on Piper Kerman's memoir, Orange Is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison (2010), about her experiences at FCI Danbury.The show features its fair share of nudity - most commonly girl-on-girl encounters - since it takes place in a female prison. There are occasional instances of brief partial nudity; however, sexuality on the series is used for the purpose of exploring the relationships (both intimate and platonic) of the women locked behind bars.In the show's second season, there was a scene with full-frontal male nudity. Kohan, also the creator of Weeds on Showtime, deems that she loves graphic sex - and the more sex the better. Therefore, viewers can expect to see much more nudity in upcoming episodes.In the first season, nude scenes are so plentiful in Black Sails that it seems like just a part of everyday life for its characters. Viewers often see bare bottom and breasts, as well as full-frontal nudity. There is a brief scene in which Jon Silver is brought by his shipmates into a room to meet "Black Beard," who, as it turns out, is named after the hair that covers her private regions. The scene features brief full-frontal female nudity, as well as a few other topless women.While we see several instances of explicit female nudity, there are various instances of full-frontal male nudity in the first season as well. In one scene, a man's entire body is revealed after a woman leaves him spread eagle on a bed. Uncensored male nudity is displayed in various other scenes throughout the course of the show.While many shows discussed on this list only show the full female form,  Black Sails is an equal-opportunity nudity displayer.-Of course, with the bevy of sexually charged programming on cable networks like HBO and Showtime, it doesn't look like nudity in TV shows is declining in any way. Now, with Netflix and Amazon in on the game, there's more freedom than ever for television producers to show off their, uh, assets. Did we miss any of your favorite shows? Let us know in the comment section below!
Tags:
true blood,
sex and the city,
game of thrones,
spartacus,
entourage,
shameless,
californication,
house of lies,
girls,
black sails,
masters of sex,
orange is the new black
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
As the Marvel Cinematic Universe continues to expand - with Phase 3 set to kick off next year and potentially more new films to be announced at Disney's D23 Expo later this week - its time to consider what new characters could be added to the already massive roster seen throughout the past twelve films (and three television series). In addition to the superheroes who have already been brought to life on the big screen and small, Marvel has a bevy of lesser-known heroes that can be brought to the world. If this year's Ant-Man proved anything, it's that Marvel has the clout to bring audiences out, even for smaller properties.Without further ado, here is Screen Rant's list of 10 underrated Marvel characters that should have their own movies.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewA character that blends together the best aspects of Spider-Man and Iron Man, Darkhawk is the alter-ego of Chris Powell, a teenager who unassumingly comes to possess a mystic alien artifact that grafts a suit of armour to his body. Incorporating abilities of flight, enhanced vision and strength, claws, glider wingers, and a force blast and shield capabilities, Darkhawk is a serious force to be reckoned with. With storylines that have seen him team up with characters both on Earth and in outer space, the possibilities are limitless for a solo outing, or an appearance in a Phase 3 film.Considered by many to be the Batman of Marvel, Moon Knight certainly offers an exotic, more supernatural story to play around with. After mercenary Marc Spector comes in contact with ancient Egyptian artifacts on a mission, he is killed by his squad, then resurrected by the moon god Khonsu. Spector decides to use his second chance at life to become a crimefighter, with his powers appearing during various points of the lunar cycle. An intriguing character who has been relegated to C-list status, Moon Knight has great potential for an origin story at the very least. The chances of him appearing in the MCU have increased recently, after S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent Jasper Sitwell briefly mentions "a man in Cairo" in Captain America: The Winter Soldier. Michael Morbius, a scientist who transforms into a vampiric being after a science experiment gone wrong, first appeared as a member of Spiderman's rogues gallery in 1971. Endowed with powers of flight, super strength, agile speed, and an accelerated healing factor, he is a formidable opponent who went up against the web-slinger time and time again. He doesn't have all the traits of a traditional vampire, though his condition does require feasting on human blood for sustenance and aversion to sunlight. Over time, Morbius was slowly rewritten from antagonist to hero, eventually getting his own series and a renewed sense of fan interest. There are numerous options for portrayal should a Morbius film ever be made, but the character would surely make for a fine gothic addition to the MCU.First debuting in 1939, Namor the Sub-Mariner is often equated with DC Comics' Aquaman, namely that of various aquatic abilities and super strength. The major point of divergence comes from Namor's sense of hostility towards land-based beings, and as such he has been regarded as a definitive anti-hero.  The rights to Namor were purchased by Universal Studios several years ago during the initial Marvel craze kicked off by X-Men, though no film ever materialized. Kevin Feige has recently confirmed that Marvel Studios does have the rights back now, though a number of contracts and agreements still need to be resolved before any chance of a green light could happen.As Marvel has begun to move into the cosmic realm - with Thor, Guardians of the Galaxy and next fall's Doctor Strange - it would make sense to give the titular Nova of the Nova Corps his own film. The moniker has been adorned by two notable figures, originally Richard Rider, and more recently the teenager Sam Alexander in the Marvel Now! relaunch of the series. Both characters have similar origins - through alien contact that granted each a super suit with the powers of flight, super strength, and invulnerability. Director James Gunn has already stated that Richard Rider will not appear in his upcoming sequel Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, but that doesn't count out a solo film for either Nova. If Marvel wanted to use Sam Alexander instead, it would be the perfect way to craft a more family-friendly entry to the MCU.A reformed criminal with a vast array of gadgetry, the Prowler is the embodiment of many comic fans desires to become a hero in their own right, without the aid of superhuman abilities. The original Prowler, Hobie Brown, was inspired to create his own secret identity after witnessing Spider-Man battle Stilt-Man, though initially he decided to use it for personal gain over helping others. After foregoing a life of crime, Prowler would team up with Spider-Man on various occasions, and even team up with other reformed villains to form a group known as The Outlaws. The inspiration for the Prowler came from a teenage John Romita Jr., who years later became a famous illustrator and co-created Kick-Ass with Mark Millar, a story with many thematic similarities.A hero who has been reinvented and existed as the alter-ego for several beings, Quasar derives his power from a set of 'quantum bands', which he uses to fight the evils of intergalactic tyranny. Another potential figure that could lend themselves to a cosmic outing, Quasar mainly deals with supremely powerful beings with god-like attributes. While he is more obscure than Doctor Strange or Star-Lord, the character demonstrates a sense of decency and ethics to his actions, all in the aim of peace. Such purely good-willed characters are not that common in the MCU so far, which could make for an interesting confrontation with any pre-established super-powered team or being further down the line.Jennifer Walters, a lawyer known for representing superheroes, becomes She-Hulk after receiving a blood transfusion from her cousin, Dr. Bruce Banner. Shortly thereafter, she begins to exhibit the same shade of green skin and abilities of incredible strength and rage, albeit with more control of her intelligence and personality. Having been a member of various organizations within Marvel lore, such as The Avengers, S.H.I.E.L.D. The Defenders, and the Fantastic Four, there's no telling to the possibilities the character has in terms of on-screen representation. On top of that, Walters is a progressive female character who could serve as a positive role model for many young girls, should she be considered for inclusion.One of the most famous Marvel characters that lacks any powers whatsoever, Silver Sable has appeared frequently over the last 30 years as both an opponent and ally to Marvel characters. Displaying sublime athleticism and detailed knowledge of various martial arts, she is the closest thing to a female version of The Punisher, though her primary goals revolve around bringing justice to war criminals and those who commit acts of terrorism. A film based entirely around this character could certainly play up the real-world aspect of the MCU, foregoing the more fantastic elements more commonly seen, grounded in real world circumstances.Doreen Green, otherwise known as Squirrel Girl, might be one of the oddest superheroes in Marvel's roster, but a potential film could certainly result in a comedic outing on-par with this summer's Ant-Man. Squirrel Girl possesses super-strength, sharp claws and a rapacious bushy tail. She can leap to great heights and - most importantly of all - communicate with squirrels. The character has gone through an increase in popularity recently with the launch of her own series, The Unbeatable Squirrel Girl, last fall. Besides that, she's one of the most powerful beings in the entire Marvel universe, having defeated the likes of Doctor Doom, Galactus, and even Thanos at various points in her existence. Whether or not she displays this level of fortitude on-screen, if Marvel is serious about adding more strong female characters to the MCU, Squirrel Girl would be an inspired choice.–Which of these characters would you most like to see get their own film? Who else do you think needs to be recognized in the MCU? Sound off in the comments below!
Tags:
iron man,
spider-man,
the avengers,
guardians of the galaxy,
shield
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
There is a specious superstition that - according to some (mis-)reading of the Mayan calendar - the world is supposed to end on Friday, December 21, 2012.With that in mind, we at Screen Rant came up with a list of 10 ways to actually save the world, using lessons we've learned from movies. In each of these movies, the world - or life as we know it - was close to destruction, but people (or circumstances) found ways to prevent it.WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD FOR THE MOVIES IN OUR LIST!!!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Having made Dr. No and From Russia With Love, Terence Young solidified himself as the granddaddy director of the Connery era films with the fourth film of the franchise. Thunderball is a cracking good flick, replete with jetpacks, oceanic fights and blackjack gaming between Bond and the villain, Largo, in a veritable tropical paradise.H20is the running theme in this fourth Bond film, and it manages to permeate Q’s world of gadgets in a ludicrous way. In what was perhaps an early design model for the Super Soaker, Bond’s Aston-Martin uses tailpipe water cannons to ward off a group of guards. While these bad boys might have been all the rage in 1965, the producers over at Eon Productions have learned one thing in the fifty years since Thunderball: leave the industrial water hoses to the fire brigade.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Zombies get a bad rap. Sure, they’re ugly, they drool everywhere, they eat brains and destroy civilizations, but it’s not like they’re doing it on purpose. Sometimes, all a zombie needs is a little guidance. This is not the conclusion one would draw from The Walking Dead, in which zombies are, without exception, pretty awful. Will this change in the upcoming spin-off, Fear the Walking Dead? Who knows?Since George A. Romero invented the modern zombie genre with 1968's Night of the Living Dead, zombies have been portrayed as mindless creatures, unable to think, acting on pure, brain-eating instinct (OK the brain-eating specifics only came in 1985’s The Return of the Living Dead). But over the course of nearly five decades, a few films and television shows have dared to show us the nicer, kinder side of zombies.Here is our list of 10 zombies with GREAT personalities!Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIn the third film of his loosely connected Dead series, George A. Romero decided to go beyond the conceit of the previous two films - that people are coming back from the dead and attacking the living - in order to ponder what it actually means to be a zombie. With Bub (Howard Sherman), Romero asks if its possible for zombies to think, or to have emotions, and it turns out that they can. Though kept in captivity, Bub shows the ability to solve simple problems, to follow routines, and to remember things. He even listens to music. In other words, he’s a good dude. Who wouldn’t want a grab a few brews with a Bub like this!The joke at the heart of Shaun of the Dead - which is so embedded in the narrative of the film that it almost stops being a joke at all - is that the majority of humans are basically zombies to begin with. This is especially true of Ed (Nick Frost), the eating, farting, video game-playing best friend and roommate of the titular Shaun (Simon Pegg). After getting bitten by a zombie later in the film, Ed retains many of the same characteristics that as he did while he was human, including his role as Shaun’s best friend. In fact, Shaun keeps Ed chained in the garage to play video games with, under the rules that he can’t get too close with his big ol’ slobbery zombie mouth.Most people hear the name “Fido” and assume that it refer to a cute, fluffy dog. Maybe a Border Collie, or a Russell Terrier. But in this low-budget Canadian comedy, Fido is the name of a rather adorable zombie servant (Billy Connolly). Fido takes place in an alternate universe wherein zombies have been quelled and forced into servitude by collars produced by “Zomcon,” a vaguely evil-sounding corporation. Nevertheless, the captive Fido develops an unorthodox friendship with Timmy (K’Sun Ray), the son of the family that owns him. As a long-time portrayer of lovable, eccentric Scots, Connolly does an excellent job at making us empathize with this loveable, eccentric zombie. Fido is truly the Lassie of brain-eating undead.For the fourth entry in George A. Romero’s Dead series, the godfather of zombies expands his exploration of sentient zombies even further. With Bub in Day of the Dead, Romero explored a zombie with emotions and memory. With Big Daddy (Eugene Clark), Romero explores the possibility that zombies might begin to redevelop their lost intelligence after spending enough time infected. Daddy, a former gas station attendant still wearing his coveralls, learns how to use an assault rifle, making him a dangerous leader of the undead. Big Daddy’s character gains resonance as a metaphor for disadvantaged people who are locked out of centers of power and wealth. If he seems angry and vindictive as he leads a mass of zombie buds up to the gates of Fiddler’s Green - a fortified and protected city of the living - it’s understandable; Big Daddy hasn’t eaten in weeks and he is very peckish.With their faces constantly in danger of falling off, it’s kind of hard to read a zombie’s facial expression, let alone figure out what they’re feeling on the inside. Given that they can’t talk, you can’t really be sure of how much of your conversations they understand, either. This is R's (Nicholas Hoult) predicament in Warm Bodies. R is a zombie with a heart of gold and at least some smarts (as it turns out, zombies strategize among themselves while hunting for flesh). While out on a hunt with some of his zombie buds, R decides to save the pretty Julie (Teresa Palmer) from the others... because he has a crush. As with Bub in Day of the Dead, R is a zombie slowly developing his humanity back. Warm Bodies questions the finality of zombie-ism, and whether or not it’s truly an incurable ill. If R is any indication, then there can still be some sweetness underneath the rotting flesh of a zombie.Liv (Rose McIver) is a zombie, but she’s pretty good at hiding it. She eats brains, but only from people who are already dead. She sometimes has violent urges, but can generally keep them in check. She’s very pale, but she throws on some lipstick every once in a while. For whatever reason, Liv survived the transition into zombie-dom with most of her critical faculties in check. She’s a lot more dour now, but no more than you would expect from someone who works at a morgue (where she takes care of her dietary needs by collecting brain from the cadavers). As it turns out, she also gets visions of the lives of dead people she comes into contact with, which makes her pretty good at solving crimes and a valuable contact for Detective Clive Babineaux (Malcolm Goodwin). iZombie was developed by Rob Thomas and Diane Ruggiero-Wright, who previously worked on the cult favorite Veronica Mars, and this show contains much of the same charm. And part of that charm comes from Rose McIver as Liv, the dead, cold, but very endearing heart of the show.OK, OK, Frankenstein’s monster isn’t technically a zombie. Both Mary Shelley’s novel and James Whale’s classic 1931 adaptation pre-date the creation of the modern zombie in 1968’s Night of the Living Dead, and they weren’t related to the 1930s Voodoo zombies of White Zombie either. Yet, the monster shares an awful lot of characteristics with his zombie brethren. He’s dead, he’s brought back to life, he consists of dead body parts, and he has no way of communicating with the humans that want to kill him. As Boris Karloff’s performance makes clear, Frankenstein’s monster doesn’t particularly want to be the terrifying creature that he is, and he fails to understand the fear that his presence creates in other people or the damage that he can cause. When the local townspeople burn down a mill that contains the monster, we can’t help but wonder how things might have been different if they truly understood how he felt.Like Frankenstein’s monster, Kyle (Evan Peters) isn’t technically a zombie, but like Frankenstein’s monster, he’s pretty darn close. Cut together from the best parts of various dead frat boys, Kyle is a sweet, sensitive, undead boy with some serious emotional issues. If you’re unfamiliar with Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk’s American Horror Story series, you should know that this creative duo has never encountered a plot twist that they thought was too shocking or extreme. Even before he learns how to talk, Kyle is thrust into a polyamorous relationship with two witches (Taissa Farmiga and Emma Roberts), one of whom can’t have sex without killing her partner (which is why it’s handy that Kyle is already dead). After a while, Kyle learns to control his body, his emotions, and his tongue, but he never loses his innocence.ParaNorman, or Norman for short (or maybe Norm if you want to go really short), is a small-town boy who runs into problems because he sometimes unwittingly speaks to the dead. After a few cute, shambling zombies pop out of their graves, however, Norm (voiced by Kodi Smit-McPhee) learns to use his powers to reign them in. As it turns out, these zombies aren’t so bad. a few hundred years ago they were town councilors, who sentenced a woman to death for witchcraft and were cursed by her as she burned on the stake. BUT: they know they were wrong! And the whole “coming back as zombies” thing is a pretty fair punishment. Anyway, they’ve learned their lesson, and they encourage Norm to get in touch with the spirit of the dead witch, who was really a medium like Norm.You know Bill Murray! He’s the scene-stealing star of Caddyshack, the beloved scientist Steve Zissou, the funny guy from Stripes, Meatballs, and Ghostbusters. He’s also the charming fellow who might give a groom some advice on wedding night, join some strangers for karaoke or kickball, or spend the night bartending at a music festival. He’s a great guy! And he’s that same great guy in Zombieland, in which he plays himself. He invites the gang into his giant Hollywood mansion, plays games with them, gives them liquor and shows them a good time. He also, sadly, puts on some zombie make-up and gets himself shot by a jumpy teenager who goes by the name “Columbus” (played by human ball of nerves Jesse Eisenberg). Granted, he may not be a real zombie, but what’s a real zombie anyway? Besides, the pickings for this list are getting a little thin. Cut us some slack.-As we mentioned, there aren’t too many zombies with good personalities out there. Most of them are real moody and don’t have much time for conversation. Did we miss any genial walkers? Can you point us toward any zombie gems that we can take out for dinner and maybe buy a drink? Let us know in the comments below! 
Tags:
frankenstein,
the walking dead,
american horror story,
warm bodies,
paranorman,
izombie,
fear the walking dead
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 100 has captivated young fans with its high drama, action, and sci-fi intrigue. Between all the different factions and events, the main characters have to endure a lot of threats and danger. To think in season one, falling from space would become the least of Clarke's problems. Clarke has gone from a heartbroken, brilliant teen to the young, fierce mother of the Grounders' leader. It's quite the evolution.RELATED: 15 Secrets Behind The 100 You Had No Idea AboutWith only eight confirmed alive, The 100 have come a long way. They've dealt with dangerous factions and the strongest, or the luckiest, have survived. While fans wait in the coming months for season 6, it's a good time to look back at the factions that plagued the lives of The 100. Here are the deadliest nations/groups, ranked.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIn The 100, the Grounders consist of 13 clans. However, some of them are too unknown to give a fair assessment. This includes people Rock Line, Lake People, Delphi, and more.While fans get to see glimmers of them during the Grounders Coalition, they don't have many, if any, named characters and are simply ideas more than they are a culture. No one knows if they'll be explored more in future seasons, but for now, they get put at the bottom of the ranking. If they haven't posed a threat thus far, they don't pose enough threat to be mentioned much.The Mountain Men were introduced in the second season. More '"civilized" like the Sky People, the community under Mount Weather seemed like a group of people trying to survive. However, they eventually started using the 48 Delinquents they housed to protect them from the radiation.With armaments, dangerous medical procedures, and modern technology, the Mountain Men seem to pose a serious threat. On the other hand, though, considering a bit of fresh air causes them to break out in hives and can kill them, they aren't very threatening at all. As of the current season on The 100, all of the known Mountain Men aren't alive anymore.Though fans don't know much about Trishanakru, the people of the Glowing Forest, they do know one very important member of the clan: Ilian. The Trishanakru people are sentimental, spiritual, and simple. They believe in specific burial rituals and tending to their families. However, that devotion can lead to a lot of danger.RELATED: Twilight: 19 Things Wrong With Edward Cullen We All Choose To IgnoreUnder control of A.L.I.E., Ilian decimated his own family while trying to infect them. When she was turned off, he tried to save his mother, but she passed away from his own torture methods. She did ask him to avenge her, though. Ilian took this prompt to attack the Sky People, trying to burn down some of their base.Eventually, he becomes entangled with Octavia and forges his own path, but love and faith can make people do very dangerous things.Floukru is objectively the most peaceful clan that fans meet in The 100, choosing to live on a barge to avoid any and all conflict. When Lincoln wants to escape the Trikru/Delinquents conflict, this is where he planned to take Octavia.With their decision to stay, the show didn't introduce Floukru until they were looking for a Nightblood to replace Lexa as Commander. After all, the Floukru leader, Luna, is the only known Nightblood alive other than Ontari. Though the clan is weak when it comes to weapons or defenses, having a Nightblood lead them is powerful. If Luna ever wanted to claim her birthright, they could come into a lot of power.However, with the plague wiping everyone out except Luna, Floukru meets an untimely fate.Though Sangedakru is a fairly big mystery, two of its members have shone a light on the kind of people the Desert Clan raises. Between Brell and Caris, the people of the desert are fearless leaders that won't stand down and will try to do what's right for the whole. Brell dared argue against the Blood Queen, and Caris put her life in danger and left Octavia behind. The group would not be endangered for one person's decisions.If the rest of the clan is just as fierce as Caris and Brell, of course, they'd be a dangerous group to go up against.As if the clans of The 100 didn't have enough to deal with, after Praimfaya the once slumbering Eligius Prisoners land down and run into Clarke and Madi. Mutinizing, Charmaine Diyoza and her band of criminals have taken over the Eligius Corp. ship and are setting out to explore their new world and survive. When they find desolation, though, things start to get dangerous.RELATED: Damon Wayans Producing CW Series With First Gender Non-Conforming LeadWilling to do anything to ensure their own goals met, the prisoners lie, torture, take hostages, and end lives. Though they aren't a large group, their munitions and ruthlessness alone make them a serious threat to all other groups on Earth.While Louwoda Kliron may not be very powerful as a clan, they have one impressive card up their sleeve: Madi Griffon. Meant to fall to Praimfaya like the rest of her people, Madi survived because of her Nightblood and survived by running into Clarke Griffon. Other than the clan members in the bunker, Madi became the only Shadow Valley Grounder left.RELATED: The 100 Season 5 ReviewCreating a mother-daughter bond, Clarke and Madi became the only Nightbloods left in the world. When Wonkru emerged from underground, Madi took over her right as Commander. As the leader of all Grounders left on the world, even one Louwoda Kliron became a dangerous figure.The space station had questionable protocol before it fell, to say the least. They used the 100 delinquents as guinea pigs to see if they could survive on the surface. Fortunately for them, they could. Unfortunately, they sent the teens down there woefully unprepared.No one expected the Grounders or the battles the Delinquents would have to fight. Though they lost many, the group proved strong and found a place for themselves on Earth. Full of ingenuity, resourcefulness, and a will to live, the Delinquents weren't a group to be trifled with.Though the Delinquents repelled Trikru's assaults, ultimately Trikru is much stronger. They are a defensive and determined people, and given enough time, would have overtaken the Delinquents. After all, they did decimate about half of the group while only taking some casualties on their part. They still had ample warriors, they were just being pragmatic.Furthermore, the Woods Clan is fairly diplomatic. They're intelligent about their decisions, but also willing to make a deal when it makes sense. Consisting of impressive characters like Indra and Lincoln, the Woods Clan is a strong group of people. In a larger conflict, they're a very dangerous group to go up against. Especially now that they count Octavia, the Blood Queen, among their ranks.Of all the specific Grounders clans, the Ice Nation of Azgeda is likely the most intimidating. They're a people that constantly live in harsh winters, they aren't above treachery, and they are fierce combatants. While Roan has proved a useful ally, his mother can be a manipulative queen.RELATED: The CW Discussing Gossip Girl RebootConsidering all the work the clan did to try to upheave Lexa and the bid for next Commander, they are a constant threat. Sure, they may be in accordance with Wonkru right now. However, they always have their own agendas first.However, with Nia and Roan gone, the power-hungry nation is crippled if they ever separate from Wonkru.Survival-minded humans with advanced technology are always dangerous, and the Sky People are no different. Skaikru is just as likely as other clans to do things in their own selfish interest instead of what's best for everyone.The Delinquents were a big enough threat to cause trouble, but all of their space-faring community joining them makes them very dangerous. When they take diplomatic approaches, they can bring a lot of people together. However, when things get tyrannical or violent, they take a huge, bloody bite out of other groups.Skaikru is an understandable, uncomfortable threat that the Grounders had every right to be wary of.One of the most dangerous threats to come to The 100 was A.L.I.E. An AI gone warped, A.L.I.E. was a program meant to save humanity. However, she took that to mean saving them in a database instead of saving the world. With all the danger in the world, it was an easy solution.An added bonus was that A.L.I.E. took to using happiness as a drug and the bodies of her followers to do her bidding. After all, it's easy to eliminate threats when you have sleep agents and hostage family members. A.L.I.E. almost spread throughout the world before The 100 cast figured out how to disable her.If they hadn't, she would have taken over everyone without much resistance. That's one impressive, insidious threat.When Clarke and crew discovered the world was going to be facing Praimfaya, a relentless plague, the Grounders had a conclave to chose an immediate Commander based on combat skill alone, not Nightblood. Each clan had a champion and they all would fight until only one person was left alive.RELATED: The Flash: Carlos Valdes Reportedly Leaving CW SeriesOctavia Blake, champion of Trikru, won and decided the Grounders fate. From each clan, 100 would be chosen and taken underground to ride out the world-ending event. This new underground clan was to be called Wonkru.between Octavia turning into the Blood Queen, the ruthless nature of the new clan, and the dissolving of other clans, Wonkru is as dangerous as they get.While this organization doesn't exist anymore, at its height, The Grounders Coalition was easily the strongest group in The 100. Consisting of 13 full-sized clans with different resources, expertise, and warriors, they all were a force to be reckoned with. Hearing the plea of the Skaikru and the danger of Mount Weather, Lexa brought her people together and worked to neutralize any threat.As the Commander, it was Lexa's job to lead the Grounders to greatness, and she certainly did. If the Coalition didn't fall to A.L.I.E.'s cult or Praimfaya, it would have remained the most dangerous, intimidating force on the planet. Unfortunately, the planet had different plans.NEXT: What To Expect From The 100 Season 6
Tags:
the 100
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The end of The 100 season 4 promised big changes on the horizon. After all, when you turn the setting of your series into a barren, radioactive wasteland, you’re going to have to shuffle things around a bit. And the start of the new season is a little like the show has hit the reset button, as characters who may have grown comfortable in their roles and within the dynamics of several larger groups have all been forced to reconfigure in order to survive. Some, like Bellamy (Bob Morley) and his crew have returned to space, while most of the others have moved underground. Meanwhile, Clarke (Eliza Taylor) has not only managed to survive the nuclear fallout, she’s discovered her own Eden and made a new, potentially more fulfilling life for herself by becoming a surrogate mother to a young girl named Madi (Lola Flanery). That’s a pretty big shift in the series’ status quo, as the time jump sends everyone forward six years in time, so as to not have to deal with all that pesky radiation and whatnot. But the season premiere doesn’t jump forward right off the bat. Instead, it holds off on seeing what the future brings to better focus on Clarke’s journey after making the ultimate sacrifice at the end of season 4. What should have otherwise been a death sentence for the character turns into an entirely new lease on life, one that only begins after she’s spent some time going through her own personal Mad Max-like scenario. For the hour to focus almost entirely on Clarke is a smart decision, as the character’s newfound circumstances deliver the most emotional bang for the viewers’ proverbial buck. In the wake of the devastation that’s obliterated almost all life on the planet, Clarke’s journey has the kind of emotional gravity the series needs in order to have the greatest impact while revealing the state of the show’s unique world. In short, it’s not good. Clarke wanders through the wreckage of the Earth for months before discovering an untouched valley, while essentially knocking on death’s door. It’s basically the valley from Z For Zachariah, complete with its own lone survivor. This time, however, its a half-feral girl named Madi. Madi and Clarke’s introduction goes about as well as any first-time introduction does on The 100, with Clarke falling into a bear trap and Madi attempting to stab her. Not one to let a bad first impression ruin a friendship between who might be the only two living humans on the planet, Clarke tries again, and eventually wins the child over with her artistic skills. From there, the series jumps forward six years. You know this because Clarke has a new haircut and she can spear a fish in a lake while still standing on the shore. The transition is almost exactly the one Robert Zemeckis used to jump five years ahead in Cast Away. This time, though, it’s debatable whether or not Clarke and Madi want to be found. With a title like ‘Eden,’ it’s pretty clear where the show figures Clarke stands on the matter, and as is usual, The 100 isn’t interested in watching as one of its characters finds peace and happiness. But the season premiere does spend more time than is expected with Clarke in her new role as mother and in the tiny bit of paradise she’s carved out with Madi. All of that builds up to an acute sense of loss when a group aboard a prisoner transport ship shows up out of nowhere, ready to claim Clarke’s Eden for their very own. The arrival of the transport ship is tantamount to an invasion, and The 100 is keen to treat it as such. Despite the heavy emphasis on Clarke throughout much of the episode, the premiere really is about redefining the status quo. But the relatively small amount of time actually dedicated to the other groups winds up being one of the premiere’s best moves. Up in space, Bellamy has assumed a leadership role with the small group who managed to escape, and though they’ve been working to find a way back down to the planet, it’s really the arrival of the prison ship that becomes their saving grace. It looks very different from the ground, however, as the group, led by Ivana Mlilicevic’s Charmaine Diyoza, has zero qualms with announcing their arrival with a military-style show of force, even if it’s Clarke who draws first blood. But that’s just The 100 keeping it 100 (sorry). The show excels at being a conflict engine, and although the season 5 premiere may have taken a slight detour and given Clarke a six-year break from familiar external threats, it’s clear how easily the writers’ room slips the characters back into a comfortable rhythm. That rhythm is, of course, all about making things as difficult as possible for the core cast of characters. Keeping them apart for the hour is a smart move, as it seems like it may take at least another episode before Bellamy, Murphy, and the others are back on the planet. That leaves plenty of room for the series to delve into what’s going on in the bunker, as the brief glimpse into that dark and brutal world proved to be a strong tease that was worth the wait. If anything, the season 5 premiere proved that time jumps can offer more than just intrigue as to what transpired since the characters were last seen. Here is brings the characters into maturity and points them in a new direction, one that’s as uncertain as ever thanks to a massive shakeup in the status quo. Next: Westworld Season 2 Review: More Self-Aware & Increasingly Over-EngineeredThe 100 continues next Tuesday with ‘Red Queen’ @9pm on The CW. 
Tags:
the 100
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Season 5 of The 100 is going all in on its time jump by putting characters together in order to explore new group dynamics, like Bellamy (Bob Morley) and Murphy (Richard Harmon) being aboard the space station, as part of a small cluster of survivors. That new dynamic will alter how certain characters interact, but it will also open the door for many of them to demonstrate the degree to which they’ve matured and changed, at least that’s what one actor says. The CW’s post-apocalyptic series has always enjoyed playing around with the idea of conflict within groups both large and small, and even though the series’ fifth season is something of a reset, old habits die hard. And as season 5 explores in its premiere, even groups who’ve been locked up in space for 6 years will have grown into a family that still has plenty of issues. Harmon made the comments during a recent visit to the set of The 100, attended by Screen Rant. The actor had to dance around spoilers, but managed to offer up an intriguing tease without ruining things for the audience. He says that being in close proximity for so long has changed the survivors, but their new bond won’t change The 100’s tried-and-true formula. Harmon said:“Without giving away too much about the relationship we have up in space, after six years with just that same group of six or seven people, you kind of become a family after that amount of time. But families aren't perfect, you have issues with each other. But we're all obviously a lot closer. A lot of the issues that we've had probably are in the past after six years. I've said this before: a lot of therapy can happen in six years. But that doesn't mean new qualms with each other won't arise. It's The 100; we're gonna have issues.”The survivors in space have all assembled around Bellamy. Harmon thinks that leadership position suits the Bob Morley's character just fine, and that it’s a role he’s more than earned. And in season 5, viewers will be seeing a new, more balanced Bellamy leading his group. “I think Bellamy is so well-suited for that kind of position. He's proved it time and time again. Obviously not so well in the beginning. He was well-intentioned, but kind of did things in an improper way, and I might have also had something to do with that... But I think, it's like Clarke said at the end of last year, he's got to learn to focus his mind and his heart. I think he has become -- at the beginning of the season you see that he's assumed the leadership role and... you're going to see that he has heeded that advice and now implements that sort of system of the mind and the heart.”Next: Westworld Season 2 Review: More Self-Aware & Increasingly Over-EngineeredThe 100 season 5 premieres tonight with ‘Eden’ @9pm on The CW.
Tags:
the 100
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 100 season 6 is on the way, but what can audiences expect from the upcoming batch of new episodes? The 100 is one of The CW's only non-comic book shows, and it's remained one of their best programs ever since it premiered in spring 2014. Based primarily on the first installment of the four-part novel series of the same name by Kass Morgan, The 100 was developed for television by Jason Rothenberg, who has acted as showrunner ever since, thus leading to a cohesive experience for fans.Last season of The 100 was an interesting one, since it came after a six-year time jump, and it introduced a brand-new enemy faction into the equation. Furthermore, the fact that everyone was fighting over the last survivable piece of land on the planet meant things really were worse than they had ever been - and it even worsened as the season went on. Now, Earth can no longer be lived on... thanks to multiple nuclear apocalypses. But that twist makes for an even better story arc in The 100 season 6.Related: Secrets Behind The 100 You Had No Idea AboutThe 100 season 6 is fast approaching, which now takes the story beyond Earth. Since there aren't too many characters still alive from the first 100 people that were sent down to Earth, The 100 season 6 could theoretically create a new 100 for the planet the came across in The 100 season 5 finale. It'll certainly be exciting for fans of the franchise to get something knew after five years on the air, but when does season 6 premiere and what can audiences expect from the new storyline?The 100 season 6 premieres on April 30, 2019. It comes approximately one year after The 100 season 5 premiered in mid-April 2018, which falls in line with the series premiering in the middle of spring every year. This time, The 100 season 6 will be replacing Roswell, New Mexico in its 9 pm timeslot, after the reboot series wraps up its first season the week prior. So, for at least a few weeks, The 100 season 6 will follow The Flash season 5.The 100 season 6 takes the story in a brand new direction, one that not only takes place 125 years further into the future but is also set on a new world. In The 100 season 5 finale, everyone abandoned Earth for the last time and embarked on a new journey to find another Goldilocks planet for them to survive on. But they surprisingly lost two of their main characters in the process, as they spent that century searching for the new planet while the rest of the people slept in hibernation.What's interesting about this new storyline is that it's a chance to begin anew, with a new cast as well. Since The 100 season 5 finale was envisioned as a series finale, The 100 season 6 is taking the series beyond the books and into its own tale.As previously mentioned, The 100 season 5 was originally conceived as the series finale since the show's producers didn't know if The CW would order another batch of episodes. But they did, and so The 100 season 6 is happening. However, now that The 100 TV show has mostly broken off from the books, that means there's potential for it to continue for years to come, or for it to end once and for all. There's no word on if The 100 season 7 will happen, but if a renewal order doesn't happen sometime in May, then it'll certainly look like as if The 100 season 6 is the final season.More: Every TV Show Ending In 2019
Tags:
the 100
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
“Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results”. – Albert EinsteinMr. Einstein could have very well been talking about Hollywood and all of the video game movies turds it has squeezed out in the past 27 years. Some people incorrectly think the wretched Super Mario Brothers kicked off the video game movie trend in 1993 but actually it started way back in 1984 with the thriller Cloak & Dagger, based off the Atari game, starring a young Henry Thomas (E.T.) and Dabney Coleman.Regardless of which year we start from, there have been dozens of movies made from video games and, although some have come close (Mortal Kombat, Tomb Raider), NONE have actually been good. There have been some financially successful video game films but a large box office draw doesn’t always equal a “good film” (ehem Transformers 2).Need proof that all video game films to date have been utter rubbish? Take a look at what is in the garbage pile:Cloak & Dagger, Super Mario Brothers, Double Dragon, Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat, Mortal Kombat: Annihilation, Wing Commander, Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within, Resident Evil, House of the Dead, Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life, Resident Evil: Apocalypse, Alone in the Dark, House of the Dead II, Doom, BloodRayne, Silent Hill, Dead or Alive, Postal, BloodRayne II: Deliverance, Hitman, In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale, Far Cry, Max Payne, Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li, Alone in the Dark IIAnd those are just the films that been released so far. The list of upcoming films based on video games doesn’t do anything to increase my faith that Hollywood can make a good adaptation:Silent Hill 2, Kane & Lynch, Mass Effect, World of Warcraft, Call of Duty, BioShock, Castlevania, , Gears of War, Halo, Metal Gear Solid, Dead Space, Hitman 2, Dante’s Inferno, Spy Hunter, Asteroids, The Sims, Rollercoaster Tycoon, SporeThere are probably a lot more upcoming video game adaptations that I can’t think of right now, but those are just off the top of  Google my head. Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time released last week to mixed reviews and later this year our eyeballs will be pummeled by Tekken, King of Fighters, and Resident Evil: Afterlife.It’s not fair to talk bad about films that haven’t been released yet but judging from their trailers, Tekken and King of Fighters have secured their spot in the garbage pile, while Resident Evil looks like it could actually be fun. Only time will tell if any of these future releases will manage to redeem the video game movie genre. At the time of this writing, Prince of Persia was sitting at a 48% Rotten Tomato score and, even though I consider Prince of Persia to be the best video game movie adaptation to date, that's pretty much like saying this pile of garbage doesn't stink as bad as that pile of garbage.I think I see the why most, if not all, of these films will ultimately fail – because Hollywood is picking the wrong games. Asteroids, Spore, Rollercoaster Tycoon, and The Sims as feature length films – seriously!?! These games have no back story or character development to pull from and were never meant to be made into a 90 minute feature length film. The writers for these films have no choice but to make something dumb up for a plot.Well if they can do it then so can I! I have compiled a list of 1001 (that’s 9 in binary for our less geeky readers) video games that I think are so ridiculous that Hollywood just has to make them into films.Ready? Let's start with a time traveling space opera comedy...
Tags:
halo,
hitman,
prince of persia,
kane and lynch,
mass effect,
gears of war,
king of fighters,
tomb raider,
dante's inferno,
bioshock,
World of Warcraft,
Call of Duty,
metal gear solid,
asteroids,
resident evil 4,
mortal kombat,
castlevania,
dead space,
silent hill 2,
tekken,
spy hunter,
rollercoaster tycoon,
hitman 2,
the sims,
spore
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[This is a review of the 11.22.63 miniseries premiere. There will be SPOILERS.]-Not that adaptations of Stephen King's novels have ever been in short supply, but after the debacle that was CBS' poorly conceived and even more poorly executed series based on Under the Dome, it is safe to say the author was deserving of a more proficient and presentable television adaptation of his work. And, as a glossy miniseries debuting on TV-friendly streaming service Hulu, starring the likes of James Franco, Chris Cooper, and up-and-comer Sarah Gadon – not to mention hailing from producer J.J. Abrams – proficient and presentable is precisely what 11.22.63 aims to be. But first and foremost, the 90-minute premiere – directed by Last King of Scotland director Kevin Macdonald – aims to be an entertaining romp through time, as Franco's goateed, recently divorced high school English teacher Jake Epping steps into the past to take on another man's mission in an effort to prevent the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.There is something telling about the 90-minute premiere that doesn't have much to do with offering the audience a more substantial runtime as a way of legitimizing 11.22.63 as a serious kind of adaptation. Rather the 90-minute runtime has more to do with getting the necessary exposition out of the way, so that the remainder of the premiere, 'Down the Rabbit Hole,' can also offer the audience a glimpse of what's to come – which is, of course, a fun journey with potentially high stakes that, despite a few questionable early detours, makes the most out of its science fiction-meets-historical fiction premise of a man out of time saving the president.The first 30 minutes of 'Down the Rabbit Hole' are devoted to setting up the premise of the series, and it is clearly a daunting task the premiere is amazingly well suited for. While waiting for Jake, his faithful customer and lover of hamburgers unknowingly imported from 1960, to finalize his divorce, Chris Cooper's Al Templeton, the proprietor of a local greasy spoon that itself looks like a relic of a bygone era, steps into a closet in the diner's backroom and spends the next few years attempting to prevent Kennedy's assassination. Templeton emerges two minutes later, having aged considerably and diagnosed with terminal cancer.Naturally, asking anyone to explain the particulars of what has happened and what needs to happen via anything sounding remotely like actual conversational dialogue is something of a tough sell, especially when it also requires Franco to adorn an agog facial expression and tell Al how suddenly old and weary he looks. To its credit, though, 11.22.63 knows the difference between having a good premise and having to explain that premise as a means of putting the plot in motion. So, rather than dwell on the particulars or try to make something viable out of some very silly sounding claptrap, the premiere opts to treat it like an unpleasant but necessary procedure. The series' opening is upfront and almost apologetic about the exposition, but it agrees to barrel through it and, like a parent with a child on the receiving end of a doctor's needle, promises the audience a treat for being so brave and soldiering on.That treat, then, comes in the form of a committed performance from Franco and a commitment on behalf of the miniseries itself to take the narrative seriously, while still having fun with the basic premise and potential logical paradoxes of time travel. For a series like this to work, it can either wink at the camera and offer up a sense that the performers are aware of their being smarter than the material, or it can go in whole hog. 11.22.63 chooses the latter. One of the ways the series accomplishes this is in the way it sells the potential ramifications of altering the past, but also in the story's unwavering devotion to the idea of humanity at the center of its premise.As much as the story is about a man stepping through a time portal in a diner's closet to prevent the president's assassination, and as much as it revels in exploring the Oliver Stone-level conspiratorial fringe of Kennedy's death, 11.22.63 has a deeply moral center driving the narrative. It is, at heart, an anti-war story that wrestles (in a sometimes simplistic manner) with the ethics of taking a life to save a life or, in the case of Jake's primary objective and, certainly, his secondary one involving the murdered Dunning clan in Kentucky, potentially taking a life to save and improve the lives of many. There is a great deal of certainty placed in Al's theories that if Kennedy was to be saved the escalation of the Vietnam War – and Al's participation in it – would never have happened. That certainty, then, bleeds into Jakes decision to right the wrong of what happened to Harry Dunning (Leon Rippy), which works to underline the series' exploration of morality and choice, but also strangely destabilizes the narrative's propulsion at an early point in the series.Pulling the brake to explore a tangent that underlines one of the major themes and ideas of the story is admittedly a risky thing to do so early in the miniseries. Although the reasons behind it are basically sound – put Jake in a moral quandary wherein he can potentially effect positive change for someone he cares about and ostensibly demonstrates his ability to carry out his primary objective – the implementation and timing of the digression effectively grinds the A-plot to a halt.Although the premiere and the miniseries as a whole are an entertaining, worthwhile endeavor for King fans and non-fans alike, the inconsistency or lopsidedness of the first episode (and some of the later ones) in terms of focus, keeps the story from being as propulsive and enticing as it otherwise could be. What's frustrating about this particular problem is that many of the asides the story is "distracted" by actually serve Franco's character and afford him an opportunity to do some really charming, interesting work. If only the writers (including King) and editors could have found a better, more streamlined way to integrate those elements, then the discussion around this miniseries might have to do with it potentially being one of the better adaptations of King's work period.Still, despite its occasional clumsiness, 11.22.63 is an entertaining effort from Hulu and one that will hopefully lead to bigger and better things from the streaming service in the future.-11.22.63 continues next Monday with 'The Kill Floor.'Photos: Hulu
Tags:
11-22-63
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Saw II-IV helmer Darren Lynn Bousman - who's also known for directing the cult horror/rock musical, Repo! The Genetic Opera - intends to scare the socks off moviegoers with his new supernatural horror flick 11-11-11: a thriller based on the beliefs of the 11:11 movement.Previously-released teasers for Bousman's film have primarily focused on playing up the ominous implications of its premise (ie. that the appearance of the number 11 signifies an attempt by spiritual beings to communicate with regular people) - and featuring flashes of creepily unnerving imagery. The new full-length trailer for 11-11-11 doesn't vary from that approach.One thing that 11-11-11 does seem to have going for it is Bousman's decision to rely heavily on practical tools (costumes, monster makeup, etc.) and actual spooky locations for atmospheric effect. While that move was probably in part due to the writer/director having a comparatively small budget to work with, it nonetheless allows the film to visually harken back to menacing old-school horror tales like The Exorcist - and not come off as just another cheesy CGI-fest in these early previews.Here is an official synopsis for 11-11-11:In the film, after the tragic death of his wife and child, famed American author Joseph Crone (Timothy Gibbs) travels from the United States to Barcelona, Spain to reunite with his estranged brother Samuel (Michael Landes) and dying father, Richard (Denis Rafter). However, fate has a different plan for Joseph as his life becomes plagued with strange happenings, and the constant sightings of the number 11. Curiosity quickly turns to obsession, and Joseph soon realizes that this number holds a horrific meaning not only to himself but possibly to all of religion. Isolated in a foreign country with only the support of his companion, Sadie, Joseph soon realizes that 11/11/11 is more than just a date, it's a WARNING!Now check out the new 11-11-11 trailer below:This new 11-11-11 theatrical preview does a good job of teasing the film's actual plot in a fashion that gets your attention, but doesn't reveal too many (if any) of the film's secrets. While the recently-released Paranormal Activity 3 left many a moviegoer annoyed by its somewhat controversial marketing scheme, 11-11-11 appears to be much more straightforward in its approach. That is to say, the final product will definitely boast all the macabre visuals and narrative twists hinted at in its trailers.Unfortunately, there seems to be a strong possibility that 11-11-11 will amount to a hokey wannabe scarefest that looks and feels mostly like a glorified direct-to-DVD horror B-movie (re: cheap). That's not to mention, Bousman also doesn't exactly boast the greatest track record as a filmmaker, seeing how he's better known for crafting graphic - but not chilling - horror flicks.On the other hand: there is definitely an audience which would go for a weirdly (accidental) campy supernatural thriller. So even if 11-11-11 fails to be legitimately scary, that doesn't mean it will be devoid of any entertainment value.-11-11-11 is scheduled to hit U.S. theaters on (you guessed it) November 11th, 2011.Source: Yahoo! Movies
Tags:
11 11 11
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Ending a television series after four seasons is “bittersweet,” according to 12 Monkeys star Aaron Stanford. The actor is just a week away from seeing his SYFY show reach its time-hopping conclusion as the four-week final season marathon marches toward the finish line. But while it’s always nice to be a part of a series that gets to tell a complete story from start to finish, Stanford says that there are other emotions that come along with it, and some of them might even creep into the actors’ performances. The chance to take part in a series finale is nothing new for Stanford. Before making the move to SYFY, he co-starred alongside Maggie Q on The CW’s Nikita for four seasons. Despite his familiarity with final seasons, Stanford’s experience is nevertheless a mix of emotions since, as he puts it, he’s “saying goodbye to [his] family.”Stanford talked about bringing 12 Monkeys to a close in a recent interview with Screen Rant, where he discussed the amount of time an actor spends with the crew and fellow cast members, and how bringing that to an end can be challenging. Stanford said:“It's bittersweet. Obviously you're always happy when you can tell a story completely from beginning to end, and tell it in a satisfying way where you're able to make yourself happy and make the audience happy. It's gratifying to be able to do something like that and see something through from beginning to end. On the bitter side, you're saying goodbye to your family. You know these are people that you work with and spend every day of the week for between 14 and 16 hours. You share your life with them, and it's tough when it comes to an end.”A sense of finality has been present throughout the fourth season, particularly when James and Katarina (Barbara Sukowa) venture back to the beginning of their time travel adventure only to encounter themselves. Stanford says that feeling likely came through in the performances as a byproduct of the actors knowing they are working with one another for the last time. “What you're reading there is probably what we were projecting as people and as actors. There was a feeling, for me anyway, throughout the entire final season, there was that feeling every time we shot in a location where 'This is the last time we're gonna shoot here.' Or This is the last scene that I'm going to have with this person. Those things had a weight and a gravity to them. I think it just ended up coming across naturally in the performance. And I think it really works for the story, but it was a pretty natural process.”Next: 12 Monkeys’ Final Season: James Cole Is A Man With ‘Everything To Lose’12 Monkeys concludes next Friday with ‘The Beginning: Parts 1 & 2’ on SYFY.
Tags:
12 monkeys
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
So far, it’s been something of a wild ride, with James and Cassie heading off on separate missions with wildly different objectives, only to be reunited once James confirmed he was destined to play a role in the events of the series. And just recently the series introduced a whopping twist that will have people talking. Twist or no, however, the game is coming to an end, and Stanford says James’ current predicament have raised the stakes to a higher degree than they ever have been before. In an interview with Screen Rant, Stanford discussed the final season storyline and how it unfolds in such a way as to give the upcoming finale and the story of James Cole much higher stakes than previously thought. Stanford said: “I think he is, at this point in the season, he's very determined to see things through to the end, but he's of a very different mind than he was at the beginning of the seres, where really he was on a suicide mission. He wanted basically for it to be over for him. He was a man with nothing to lose and was more than willing to do that, and at this point, in the story he's gained so much and now he has everything to lose, so the stakes are much, much higher for him at this point.”The series is set to wrap up next week with the final two episodes (hopefully) delivering the ending fans have  been waiting for. SYFY has been experimenting with how it delivers 12 Monkeys these last two seasons, and so far the four-week marathon has made for fun Friday night viewings. With just one week to go, it will be interesting to see how Stanford’s assessment of the series’ high stakes plays out. Next: GLOW Season 2 Review: Maybe The Most Fun You Can Have Watching TV Right Now12 Monkeys will conclude next Friday with ‘The Beginning: Part 1 & 2’ on SYFY.
Tags:
12 monkeys
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
This Week in TV:Sophie Skelton joins Outlander; Billions renewed for second season; Woody Allen casts Miley Cyrus; Daniel Zovatto joins Fear the Walking Dead; 12 Monkeys season 2 trailer; A Series of Unfortunate Events casting; and new Bates Motel promo.-Sophie Skelton Joins OutlanderOutlander season 2 has found its Brianna in Sophie Skelton (Ren). Brianna is the daughter of time-travelers Claire and Jamie Fraser, described as a striking redhead who is intelligent beyond her years. She embodies the wit of her mother, along with the trademark stubbornness of the Fraser family. Though Skelton's relatively new to television, the actress is a trained singer and ballet dancer and has appeared in numerous stage productions, including West Side Story and Les Mis.The second season will see Claire and Jamie exploring France, trying to infiltrate the Jacobite rebellion in an attempt to prevent a disastrous battle from ever occurring. The two must face the weight of the decision to alter their future, presenting unexpected problems in their relationship. The series is based on the best-selling books of Diana Gabaldon, with the second season seemingly drawing inspiration from the fourth book in the series - "Drums of Autumn."Outlander season 2 premieres in April 2016.Source: TheWrapBillions Already Renewed for Season 2Though the series just premiered on January 17th, Showtime has already renewed its drama Billions for season 2. The freshman series stars Paul Giamatti (Straight Outta Compton) as U.S. Attorney Chuck Rhoades and Damian Lewis (Homeland) as hedge fund king Bobby "Axe" Axelrod. The show details a struggle between Rhoades and Axelrod, with the former pressured into pursuing a fraud case against the latter in a highly publicized investigation.The series premiere drew 1.4 million total viewers for Showtime. The series previously debuted across additional platforms, earning itself another 1.6 million viewers before ever premiering on the network.Billions airs Sunday nights at 10:00 p.m. EST on Showtime.Source: TheWrapWoody Allen casts Miley Cyrus in upcoming Amazon TV seriesBack in January of 2015, Amazon announced a potentially groundbreaking deal with legendary writer/director Woody Allen -- the creator's first ever television series. Despite the fact that he does not even own a computer, Allen agreed to film a six episode television series for Amazon's streaming service. There's been no news about the project since its announcement, though Allen confirmed making the jump to television was more difficult than he expected.It seems that the creator has now made some progress on the untitled series, as he has cast two leads to star alongside him in the show. The first is Elaine May, an actress he's worked with previously on Small Time crooks. The second casting announcement was far more surprising. Miley Cyrus will also be joining the 1960s period piece in an unknown role. Shooting is expected to begin in March, so more information about the series may be forthcoming.Source: DeadlineDaniel Zovatto joins Fear the Walking DeadDaniel Zovatto (It Follows) has joined the second season of AMC's Fear the Walking Dead. Details are currently scarce, but the actor is confirmed to be appearing in a recurring role. Season 2 will see Los Angeles overrun by zombies and will introduce one of the characters from the web series Fear the Walking Dead: Flight 462 to the main show.Zovatto recently finished filming the pilot for USA's Brooklyn Animal Control. The actor can next be seen in Evil Dead director Fede Alvarez's upcoming film A Man in the Dark.Fear the Walking Dead returns to AMC on April 10th, 2016.Source: Deadline12 Monkeys Season two trailerSyfy has released the official trailer for the second season of 12 Monkeys, the network's critically acclaimed science fiction drama. This new season sees James Cole (Aaron Stanford) continuing his fight against the Army of the Twelve Monkeys, attempting to prevent their rise to power. This time the fight will take him through history, with the time-traveler appearing in the 1940s, 50s, and 60s.Returning for the next season is Cole's modern day ally Dr. Cassandra Railly (Amanda Schull), along with Emily Hampshire (Jennifer Goines), Katarine Jones (Barbara Sukowa), and Deacon (Todd Stashwick). Terry Matalas and Travis Fickett (Nikita) return as executive producers and showrunners, with Charles Roven (Batman V Superman) and Richard Suckle (Suicide Squad) on board as executive producers.12 Monkeys season 2 premieres April 18th, 2016.Source: SyfyNetflix Casts Violet and Klaus in A Series of Unfortunate EventsAfter a prolonged search, Netflix has finally cast the two leads in their upcoming adaptation of A Series of Unfortunate Events -- the 13-book series by Lemony Snicket (Daniel Handler). Malina Weissman (Supergirl) will play the role of Violet Baudelaire with newcomer Louis Hynes set to play her brother Klaus. The two characters are orphaned along with their much younger sister Sunny, placed in the custody of their relative Count Olaf. Negotiations for the lead adult role of Olaf continue, with Neil Patrick Harris up for the role.The Netflix series will be the second adaptation of the books, with Jim Carrey, Emily Browning, and Liam Aiken starring as Olaf, Violet and Klaus, respectively, in the 2004 film of the same name. The new adaptation will be directed by Barry Sonnenfeld (Men in Black) with filming expected to begin in March.Source: DeadlineA&E Releases Bates Motel Season Four ArtBates Motel, the prequel story to Alfred Hitchcock's 1960 adaptation of Psycho, returns this March for season 4. The 10-episode season will continue to show Norman Bates' (Freddie Highmore) slow descent into madness and the effects it has on his family. Norma Bates (Vera Farmiga) seeks out professional help for her son, but this perceived betrayal will further drive the Bates family apart.Where the previously released teaser trailer bore the tagline "we all go a little mad sometimes," this new poster contains another classic line from the film -- "she wouldn't even harm a fly." This was the last line in the film, indicating that the story of Bates Motel may be drawing to a close as events in the show come in line with the events of the film that inspired it.Bates Motel Season Four premieres on March 7th, 2016.Source: A&E
Tags:
outlander,
bates motel,
12 monkeys,
billions,
a series of unfortunate events
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The final season of SYFY’s 12 Monkeys has a premiere date and a new teaser trailer, revealing that the show’s final go-round will be a four-week event. The event will deliver the entire 11-episode season in the span of a month, with the series finale consisting of a two-hour episode that will aim to wrap the series and its various loose strings up once and for all. It’s a tall order for any series, but an especially tall one considering how intricate the show’s various plot lines and timelines have become in just three seasons. No wonder it will have been more than a year since the show aired its most recent season finale.With the news of the season 4 “event,” the last two seasons of 12 Monkeys have become about as noteworthy for their unconventional distribution as they are (or will be) for the events that will or already have transpired in them. If you recall, the entirety of season 3 was delivered by SYFY in the span of a single weekend, turning it into an unlikely Netflix-style binge-watch session (or as close to one that you can get from a cable channel still looking to rake in some advertising dollars) that may or may not have been to your liking — depending on how much mileage you get from such things. But now season 4 is officially on its way, and although it will bring about an end to the series, in a new statement from SYFY, the network says a four-season run was always the plan. You can read the statement below: “Originally envisioned as a four-part story, in Season 4 James Cole and Dr. Cassandra Railly set out on an epic quest, traveling further back in time than they have ever been before. According to legend, their only hope lies with a weapon capable of stopping the Witness for good. But they'll soon discover that in order to win the final battle and save time itself, they will have to make the ultimate sacrifice.”The downside to bingeing a new season so quickly is now it feels like a lifetime since season 3 was on the air, making some of the specific details about what transpired a little foggy. Good thing there’s still plenty of time between now and when season 4 airs, so you can re-binge the third season (or the entire series) before diving into the final arc. Next: Every Network TV Show Cancellation & Renewal Of 2018 (So Far)12 Monkeys season 4 premieres Friday, June 15 @8pm on SYFY. 
Tags:
12 monkeys
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
It’s hard to think of another sub-genre that presents more delightfully convoluted, brain-melting storytelling possibilities than time travel. The paradoxical nature of the narrative device central to these stories is, in part, what’s so appealing about them, as characters try and fail time and again to break a never ending circle of actions and consequences, or learn too late how one small deviation in the past can upend the future in dramatic fashion. But whatever the approach, tales traversing time tend to always find a way to capture the imagination, and at the start of its final season, SYFY’s 12 Monkeys demonstrates why it’s not just a great example of a time travel story told very well, but one of the best science fiction series on TV at the moment. For three seasons, 12 Monkeys has taken full advantage of the narrative possibilities of time travel, expanding its story of the army of the 12 Monkeys beyond a group of radicals hell bent on releasing a human-killing plague to that of a clandestine organization determined to end time itself. Those three seasons have seemingly packed five lifetime’s worth of living into the story of its two leads, James Cole (Aaron Stanford) and Cassandra Railly (Amanda Schull), as they have bounced back and forth throughout time in an effort to first stop the plague from happening and then to prevent the coming of the end of time. Through it all, they’ve fallen in love, had a child, Athlan, met the adult version of said child (James Callis), and watched him vanish before their eyes. They’ve also jumped forward and backward in time so often that, as is made clear in a last-ditch effort to avoid Olivia (Alisen Down) and the time-traveling fortress called Titan, they are inevitably going to wind up chasing themselves, a not too subtle nod to the image of the ouroboros, or the snake devouring its own tail, which takes on increasing significance this season. As is so often the case with most series, the biggest question is whether or not the show has an ending in mind or if the series was one intended to run in perpetuity. 12 Monkeys could easily be the latter, but its plot machinations over the past three seasons are such that it clearly favors the former. That is: When it comes time to deliver an ending to 12 Monkeys it’s reasonable to be confident that the show knows what it’s doing. And from the season 4 premiere, cleverly titled ‘The End,’ 12 Monkeys sets it cast of characters on a number of divergent paths that, in some cases, mirror where they were at the beginning of the series, while also acknowledging all they have experienced between then and now. Because SYFY has spent the last two seasons tweaking the delivery method of 12 Monkeys, the final season is another marathon, albeit one that runs for four weeks rather than a single weekend. Still, the season begins with a three-hour premiere, consisting of ‘The End,’ ‘Ouroboros,’ and ’45 RPM.’ That’s a little easier to handle than last year’s four-episode per-night, three-day binge, and it definitely encourages a greater conversation around these final episodes (batches or otherwise). The first batch, then, is more or less a primer on the beginning of the end, starting with… well, ‘The End.’ The opener ostensibly boils down to one of the things 12 Monkeys does very well, which is pit its protagonists against unbeatable odds, only to have them escape by the skin of their teeth. In the final season that tried-and-true formula does more than generate high stakes from the get-go; it repositions the characters throughout time, giving James, Cassandra, Katarina (Barbara Sukowa), Jennifer (Emily Hampshire), and Deacon (Todd Stashwick) a variety of potential storylines that, divergent as they appear, can only be headed toward the same end point. What that end point will eventually turn out to be is anyone’s guess, but it’s made clear fairly early on that it is James’s destiny to save the world, as evidenced by Conleth Hill’s (Game of Thrones) appearance as a member of a secret organization meant to deliver a device to James that’s — you guessed it — an ouroboros. That the series would find itself careening toward the fulfillment James's destiny isn’t really all that surprising, though it raises a lot of questions that hopefully the next three weeks worth of episodes will find satisfactory answers to. What’s more surprising is the way in which the first three episodes put Cassie and James on such different paths, and how those paths speak to the emotional response each has to meeting their child and watching him vanish into thin air. Cassie’s brief turn as a vengeful mother hell bent on assassinating Olivia makes for an exciting hour of television that demonstrates the degree to which the series has changed her from the woman she was in season 1. The same goes for James, as his once robotic “finish the mission” ethos has become entangled in that tricky thing called compassion, as he ventures to find Jennifer, and in doing so discovers the ouroboros and his “destiny.”Whether in its efforts to break the twisty narrative loop it has created for itself or find the beginning of the end by going all the way back to the beginning of the story, 12 Monkeys season 4 manages to deliver enough surprises (and a surprising amount of laughs) early on in its run that, even though the end is just three weeks away, the end feels as though it may be one no one saw coming. Next: Luke Cage Season 2 Review: An Engaging, Satisfying Crime Drama12 Monkeys continues next Friday with ‘Legacy’, ‘Die Glocke,’ and ‘After’ starting @8pm on SYFY.
Tags:
12 monkeys
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A new teaser trailer and poster have been released for season 4 of Syfy's time travel series, 12 Monkeys. The show's final season will air in a four-week event. The season, which will consist of 11 episodes, will air over the course of a month. The series will conclude with a two-hour finale.Though this schedule may seem unusual, fans of the series will recall that the broadcast schedule for season 3 of 12 Monkeys was even less conventional. All 10 episodes aired in a three-day weekend event in May, beginning with four episodes on a Friday. This approach was surprising, as it relied on DVR viewing levels and fans being willing to binge the series in one weekend.Related: The Expanse Canceled At Syfy After Three SeasonsAn ominous new teaser trailer for season 4 reveals that "the end is coming", and gives fans brief glimpses of the Red Forest, the Witness, and Titan. The teaser ends with someone waving a bloodied medieval sword at Cole (Aaron Stanford). Additionally, 12 Monkeys showrunner Terry Matalas tweeted out a poster that shows Cole standing in front of the time machine. Interestingly, the background shows the machine exuding a bright red light, opposed to the blue light fans generally see when the machine is activated.June 15th on @Syfy #12Monkeys pic.twitter.com/PQl9bexJRwRed is a symbolic color in the world of 12 Monkeys, as it is often used to signify that an object has been affected by a temporal disturbance. In the season 2 finale, a tree with red leaves was a sign that the world was about to end.The SDCC 2017 trailer for 12 Monkeys season 4 previewed some of the challenges Cole, Cassie (Amanda Schull), Jones (Barbara Sukowa), Deacon (Todd Stashwick), and Jennifer (Emily Hamsphire) will be dealing with in the upcoming season. We know from the trailer that the characters will travel back further than ever by visiting time periods such as the Old West and the Middle Ages, as indicated by the sword in the teaser trailer.Based on the events of the season 3 finale, the new season may dive deeper into Cole's role in saving the timeline. A flashback to his youth hinted that his part in the story was known to his mother since he was a child. In the flashback, Cole's father reads a story about a serpent eating its tail, which is somehow linked to the Witness' plan to destroy time. The story about the serpent was the focus of previous trailers and promotional material.More: Nightflyers Teaser Trailer: You Can't Escape George R.R. MartinSeason 4 of 12 Monkeys returns Friday, June 15 at 8pm ET on Syfy.Source: Syfy, Terry Matalas
Tags:
12 monkeys
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The fourth season of 12 Monkeys promises plenty of time-travel action and drama as the series takes the characters further back into the past than ever before. This new trailer gives us a glimpse at what the characters will be up to when the series returns for its final season.The trailer highlights scenes set in different time periods, including the Old West and World War II. At the 12 Monkeys panel, showrunner Terry Matalas also teased that the show is "going to get medieval." There's also a strong focus on the show's main villain, the Witness, who was shockingly revealed to be Olivia (Alisen Down) in the season 3 finale. Olivia had been manipulating the characters throughout the series, and even pretended to be an ally in season 3. The trailer lets us see Olivia as she embraces her identity as the Witness, no longer seeking to hide her true intentions.Right away, the trailer dives deep into the story of "the serpent" that was told to young Cole by his father during the season 3 finale when Cole discovered a note written by his mother. The tale of the serpent that eats his own tail appears to be a metaphor for time, and the demon encountered by the serpent is the Witness, who seeks to destroy time.Though the trailer provides us with a good sample of the action we can expect from the ten-episode final chapter of the series, not much can be learned about what's in store for the characters as they deal with the repercussions of their battle with the Witness. The team was torn apart over the revelation that their greatest enemy was the son of Cole (Aaron Stanford) and Cassie (Amanda Schull). Their decision to hide it from the rest of the team, as well as their decision to protect their son despite his threat to time itself, only made things worse.Just when their problems seemed irreconcilable, a stunning new twist put them all on the same side again. However, previous seasons indicate that situations on the show will never be that black-and-white. This was noted during the panel when it was stated that Cole and Cassie would have "a philosophical disagreement."One thing we can be sure about is that the characters still have a long way to go, not only concerning their quest to stop the Witness, but also in working together as a team again. Matalas says that season 4 is about family. The characters have "lost the war and it will get much worse."Next: 12 Monkeys Season 3 Makes For a Compelling Weekend BingeSource: SYFY
Tags:
12 monkeys
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[This is a review of the series premiere of 12 Monkeys. There will be SPOILERS.]-Since the Ronald D. Moore's acclaimed re-imagining of Battlestar Galatica ended back in 2009, the SyFy network has been in a constant state of identity crisis. Fans of the science fiction genre were craving more shows like BSG, but would the network take the easy way out by focusing on reality TV series like Ghost Hunters, or would this niche cable channel dare to go where no channel had gone before?12 Monkeys, alongside other new series like Dominion, Helix and Defiance, proves that SyFy is committed to journeying down avenues other networks might not dare tread. Like Moore's new take on BSG, 12 Monkeys takes a different approach to the iconic cult favorite directed by Terry Gilliam in 1995. The essence of the nearly 20-year-old film is still there, but creators and Terra Nova alums Terry Matalas and Travis Fickett are not beholden to it. Basically, these two mad geniuses can do what they want.The freedom that SyFy has blessed Matalas and Fickett with has allowed them to create an exciting sci-fi tapestry filled to the brim with time travel, paradoxes and post-apocalyptic futures for us to explore. What more could a geek want, right? Sure, those tropes alone won't succeed without a strong enough story and cast to hold them up. Fortunately, the entire team behind this show has excelled on all fronts, starting with its small but diverse ensemble.Amanda Schull (Pretty Little Liars) plays our heroine Dr. Cassandra Railly, who is a talented, ahead-of-her-time scientist who knows too much for her own good. The gorgeous Hawaii-born actress is a force to be reckoned with, even when she's playing the "innocent card" in tough situations. In many ways, her character falls into that usual category of a somewhat ordinary person thrown into an unimaginable circumstance, but it's her onscreen chemistry with co-lead Aaron Stanford (X-Men 2), that elevates her performance.Yes, for fans of Bryan Singer's X-Men franchise, the leading man in this series is none other than Pyro himself. Stanford is the brooding time traveler named James Cole. Like Pyro, Cole is a character whose difficult to classify - is he good or is he bad? Perhaps that's too simple a question, since an ambiguous character can at times be the most intriguing. His understanding of the plague that kills seven billion people in 2017 is not as thorough as he once thought.Cole and the organization he works for believe that by killing Leland Goines in 2015, they will prevent the terrible outbreak of 2017 from ever happening. Like time travel, even murdering someone is not an exact science and we soon learn of a greater mystery toward the end of the episode.Apparently, there are others responsible for the end of all things called the Army of the 12 Monkeys. At one paradoxical point in the premiere, Leland tells Cole that they met each other in the late 1980s. Cole has no recollection of that meeting taking place, so one would have to assume that we will see more of the talented Zelijko Ivanek (True Blood) in a future episode.12 Monkeys is a rarity in that its mysteries are just as interesting as its characters. Both Railly and Cole are people you'll want to get to know more, along with an assortment of other cast members that we only get a glimpse of. Most notably, Goines' estranged daughter Jennifer (Emily Hampshire), who we see drawing a picture of a Monkey in what looks to be a mental hospital. It will be interesting to see what side she chooses to fight for. Hopefully, this series will be a success for SyFy, allowing the network to take more risks with future projects.So what did you think of SyFy's newest drama? For fans of the film, did you like the differences, or were they a distraction? Stay tuned to see what happens next.12 Monkeys continues with 'Mentally Divergent' next Friday @9pm on SyFy. Check out a trailer for the series below:
Tags:
12 monkeys
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Few things are more difficult than choosing your favorite episode of The Simpsons, at least in my opinion. Alas, one of those things is choosing your favorite Treehouse of Horror episode of The Simpsons. While I adore Treehouse of Horror II ("Lisa's Nightmare," "Bart's Nightmare," and "Homer's Nightmare"), Treehouse of Horror IV ("The Devil and Homer Simpson," "Terror at 5 1/2 Feet," and "Bart Simpson's Dracula"), as well as Treehouse of Horror V ("The Shinning," "Time and Punishment," and "Nightmare Cafeteria"), I'll always have a special place in my heart for Treehouse of Horror III.Each story in this anthology is told by one of the Simpsons at Bart and Lisa's Halloween party. "Clown Without Pity," as told by Grandpa Simpson, is about a Krusty the Klown doll that relentlessly tries to kill Homer, a la Chucky. "King Homer," as told by Marge Simpson, is basically King Kong if all the characters were replaced by Simpsons characters (You can probably guess who Homer plays). Last, "Dial 'Z' for Zombies," as told by Bart Simpson (in an Alex DeLarge from A Clockwork Orange costume), is about Bart and Lisa accidentally raising the dead and having to deal with the undead consequences.Of those three, my favorite is "Zombies," and here's one of a million reasons why:Frankly, if that clip doesn't warm the cockles of your heart with all sorts of Halloween spirit, I don't know what will.
-
It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown!
 




















I’m pretty sure it’s illegal in 40 of the 48 Continental United States to leave It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown! off of any "Best" list pertaining to Halloween episodes or specials - so here it is! Front and center!
Needless to say, The Great Pumpkin is a classic for a reason -- one that has been beloved for decades and will likely go on being beloved for many to come. Like its Christmas counterpart, no Halloween is truly complete without at least a single viewing.
The bulk of the story sees the typically wise Linus van Pelt faithfully awaiting the arrival of the Great Pumpkin -- basically the Halloween equivalent of Santa Claus -- at the town pumpkin patch the night of Halloween. None of Linus' friends believe him and they tend to mock his insistence that the Great Pumpkin exists. Hence Linus utters the famous line: "There are three things I have learned never to discuss with people: religion, politics, and the Great Pumpkin."
I remember watching this as a kid and always wishing there were a Halloween equivalent of Santa. But maybe, instead of just bringing toys like Santa does, he'd scare the crap out of you in really strange and disturbing ways - like a sanctioned version of Jack Skellington from A Nightmare Before Christmas.
Check out a clip below of Charlie Brown getting nothing but rocks whilst trick-or-treating:
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tIhwITwhSg
Apparently, seeing Charlie Brown receive rock after rock after rock instead of candy affected viewers so much that they actually sent bags and boxes of candy to Charles Schulz "just for Charlie Brown." Which is kind of ironic, considering Charlie Brown, sort of like the Great Pumpkin, is a fictional being.
-
Boo to You, Too! Winnie the Pooh
 




















I'm sure many of you are wondering why Boo to You, Too! Winnie the Pooh -- the Pooh Halloween special that aired on CBS in 1996 - is on this list of TV episodes/specials to get you in the mood for Halloween. Well, if that is indeed the case, I submit that you, sir or madam, have never actually seen Boo to You, Too! Winnie the Pooh. Because if you had, you'd know that Boo to You is positively dripping with enjoyably spooky atmosphere, creativity, and a childlike whimsy found in few fictional tales involving October 31st. Isn't that what Halloween is all about?
Here's the opening voiceover, narrated by David Ogden Stiers, to give you an idea of the tone:
"Once each year, as October breezes bluster, there comes a most particular and most peculiar night. An anxious sort of night, when the dark grows a little more so. A jittery sort of night, where nothing is quite as it was. A night called -- Halloween."
Also, check out one of the musical clips below:
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnj3LDC4Zj8
Briefly, the plot of Boo to You follows the various Pooh characters as they try to help Piglet overcome his overwhelming fear of Halloween. Boo to You, Too! Winnie the Pooh is to Halloween what Mickey's Christmas Carol is to Christmas, in my opinion. Yeah, it's that good.
-
Honorable Mentions:
Garfield’s Halloween AdventureSupernatural: "It's the Great Pumpkin, Sam Winchester"Buffy the Vampire Slayer: "Halloween"The Cosby Show: "Halloween"Roseanne: "BOO!"The Adventures of Pete and Pete: "Halloweenie"My So-Called Life: "Halloween"South Park: "Pink-Eye"DuckTales: "Ducky Horror Picture Show"Community: "Introduction to Statistics," "Epidemiology"
-
 



Prev


1


2


3



Tags:
silent hill 2,
the simpsons,
the monster squad,
winnie the pooh



















James Gunn Issues Statement On Guardians of the Galaxy 3 Rehiring




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Frankly, if that clip doesn't warm the cockles of your heart with all sorts of Halloween spirit, I don't know what will.-I’m pretty sure it’s illegal in 40 of the 48 Continental United States to leave It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown! off of any "Best" list pertaining to Halloween episodes or specials - so here it is! Front and center!Needless to say, The Great Pumpkin is a classic for a reason -- one that has been beloved for decades and will likely go on being beloved for many to come. Like its Christmas counterpart, no Halloween is truly complete without at least a single viewing.The bulk of the story sees the typically wise Linus van Pelt faithfully awaiting the arrival of the Great Pumpkin -- basically the Halloween equivalent of Santa Claus -- at the town pumpkin patch the night of Halloween. None of Linus' friends believe him and they tend to mock his insistence that the Great Pumpkin exists. Hence Linus utters the famous line: "There are three things I have learned never to discuss with people: religion, politics, and the Great Pumpkin."I remember watching this as a kid and always wishing there were a Halloween equivalent of Santa. But maybe, instead of just bringing toys like Santa does, he'd scare the crap out of you in really strange and disturbing ways - like a sanctioned version of Jack Skellington from A Nightmare Before Christmas.Check out a clip below of Charlie Brown getting nothing but rocks whilst trick-or-treating:httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tIhwITwhSgApparently, seeing Charlie Brown receive rock after rock after rock instead of candy affected viewers so much that they actually sent bags and boxes of candy to Charles Schulz "just for Charlie Brown." Which is kind of ironic, considering Charlie Brown, sort of like the Great Pumpkin, is a fictional being.-I'm sure many of you are wondering why Boo to You, Too! Winnie the Pooh -- the Pooh Halloween special that aired on CBS in 1996 - is on this list of TV episodes/specials to get you in the mood for Halloween. Well, if that is indeed the case, I submit that you, sir or madam, have never actually seen Boo to You, Too! Winnie the Pooh. Because if you had, you'd know that Boo to You is positively dripping with enjoyably spooky atmosphere, creativity, and a childlike whimsy found in few fictional tales involving October 31st. Isn't that what Halloween is all about?Here's the opening voiceover, narrated by David Ogden Stiers, to give you an idea of the tone:"Once each year, as October breezes bluster, there comes a most particular and most peculiar night. An anxious sort of night, when the dark grows a little more so. A jittery sort of night, where nothing is quite as it was. A night called -- Halloween."Also, check out one of the musical clips below:httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnj3LDC4Zj8Briefly, the plot of Boo to You follows the various Pooh characters as they try to help Piglet overcome his overwhelming fear of Halloween. Boo to You, Too! Winnie the Pooh is to Halloween what Mickey's Christmas Carol is to Christmas, in my opinion. Yeah, it's that good.-Honorable Mentions:Garfield’s Halloween AdventureSupernatural: "It's the Great Pumpkin, Sam Winchester"Buffy the Vampire Slayer: "Halloween"The Cosby Show: "Halloween"Roseanne: "BOO!"The Adventures of Pete and Pete: "Halloweenie"My So-Called Life: "Halloween"South Park: "Pink-Eye"DuckTales: "Ducky Horror Picture Show"Community: "Introduction to Statistics," "Epidemiology"- 
Tags:
silent hill 2,
the simpsons,
the monster squad,
winnie the pooh
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Like The Gold Rush, The Maltese Falcon, and Casablanca before it, Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein is a cinematic masterpiece that continues to stand the test of time. Which is why, in 2001, the U.S Library of Congress deemed it “culturally, historically, and/or aesthetically significant” (in my opinion, all of the above) before preserving it forever via the National Film Registry.The film combines the amazing atmosphere and cinematography of Universal’s Dracula, Frankenstein, The Mummy, and The Wolfman, as well as the titular characters from those films (or in the case of Frankenstein, the titular character’s monster), with the still hilarious antics of William “Bud” Abbott and Lou Costello. Every monster movie team-up since was probably inspired by this little ditty, up to and including Freddy VS. Jason.Check out the trailer below:httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gg5N9FJc__QBasically, the plot of the film is "One stupid guy and one really, really stupid guy almost get killed by all the Universal monsters over and over again – however, due to their hilarious naiveté, they manage to stave off execution." Simple, yes, but endlessly hilarious and fun - and no Halloween is complete without it.-The Monster Squad is by no means a perfect film. But what it lacks in finesse, it more than makes up for with heart, awesome child actors, a dog that can high-five, Rick Baker special effects, and politically incorrect humor as provided by screenwriter Shane Black (Lethal Weapon, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang, Iron Man 3).The plot of the film sees the infamous Universal Monsters – Dracula, Frankenstein’s Monster, the Mummy, the Wolfman, as well as the Creature from the Black Lagoon – attempt to take over the world, as per usual. But who’s there to stop them? The Monster Squad - a rag-tag band of pre-teens with a strange affinity for everything monster-related.Check out the trailer below:httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBG29nM_uEgIn many ways, The Monster Squad is the like a twelve-year-old’s version of Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein (only the protagonists are more competent), with young actor performances reminiscent of (but not as serious as) the ones from Stand by Me and E.T.FYI: A remake of The Monster Squad  is currently in the planning stages and is being produced by Rob Cohen, otherwise known as the director of the upcoming xXx: The Return of Xander Cage. So, uhm, keep your eye out for that one, I guess?-I would be remiss if I didn’t include John Carpenter’s Halloween on this list of films to get you in the mood for Halloween.It probably goes without saying that this 1978 classic – more so than even Alfred Hitchcock’s Psycho, Bob Clark's Black Christmas, or Tobe Hooper’s Texas Chainsaw Massacre – created the slasher genre as we know it today. There would be no Friday the 13th, Prom Night, My Bloody Valentine, or Scream films without the critically-acclaimed and commercially successful Michael Myers vehicle.Check out the original trailer below:Everybody knows the story: Wholesome Laurie Strode is innocently babysitting children and twiddling her thumbs while all her promiscuous neighborhood pals are being chopped up by a somewhat human version of the Boogeyman with William Shatner’s face for a mask. Sort of.
As far as horror movies go, this one is a freaking grand-slam. Forget the stupid, shock-laden torture-pornography that kids love today – Halloween was all about subtle and deliberate scares on top of an iconic excellent synthesized score by Mr. Carpenter himself. Do yourself a favor and watch Halloween on Halloween - or before.
-
Honorable Mentions:
Nosferatu (1922)Trick 'R TreatScooby-Doo On Zombie IslandYoung FrankensteinThe Lost BoysArsenic and Old Lace (1944)The Hound of the Baskervilles (1939, 1959)
-
So what do you think of our choices, Screen Ranters? More importantly, what movies, TV episodes, and videogames do you watch or play to get you in the mood for Halloween? Drop us a line in the comments.
-
Follow me on Twitter @benandrewmoore.
Halloween is Monday, October 31st this year. If you're looking for a theatrical horror movie experience to get you in the Halloween spirit, The Thing is in theaters October 14th - followed by Paranormal Activity 3 on October 21st.



Prev


1


2


3



Tags:
silent hill 2,
the simpsons,
the monster squad,
winnie the pooh



















Shazam! Director & Producer Both Plan to Return for Sequel




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Everybody knows the story: Wholesome Laurie Strode is innocently babysitting children and twiddling her thumbs while all her promiscuous neighborhood pals are being chopped up by a somewhat human version of the Boogeyman with William Shatner’s face for a mask. Sort of.As far as horror movies go, this one is a freaking grand-slam. Forget the stupid, shock-laden torture-pornography that kids love today – Halloween was all about subtle and deliberate scares on top of an iconic excellent synthesized score by Mr. Carpenter himself. Do yourself a favor and watch Halloween on Halloween - or before.-Honorable Mentions:Nosferatu (1922)Trick 'R TreatScooby-Doo On Zombie IslandYoung FrankensteinThe Lost BoysArsenic and Old Lace (1944)The Hound of the Baskervilles (1939, 1959)-So what do you think of our choices, Screen Ranters? More importantly, what movies, TV episodes, and videogames do you watch or play to get you in the mood for Halloween? Drop us a line in the comments.-Follow me on Twitter @benandrewmoore.Halloween is Monday, October 31st this year. If you're looking for a theatrical horror movie experience to get you in the Halloween spirit, The Thing is in theaters October 14th - followed by Paranormal Activity 3 on October 21st.
Tags:
silent hill 2,
the simpsons,
the monster squad,
winnie the pooh
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In case you've been living in a cave or exploring an ancient tomb for the past week, you should know that Disney has announced that there's to be a new Indiana Jones film released in 2019, directed by Steven Spielberg and once again starring Harrison Ford. The news was met with a mixture of reactions, some incredibly excited that Harrison Ford is dusting off the hat and the whip again and others more cautious with the wounds of Kingdom of the Crystal Skull opening anew.Will Indiana Jones 5 be the Indy adventure we all hope it will be? Only time will tell, but it could do a lot worse than avoiding the pitfalls Crystal Skull fell into and reading our 12 Reasons Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Screwed Up Indiana Jones.Click the button below to start this article in quick view8 years after Raiders of the Lost Ark came out, George Lucas and Steven Spielberg decided to send the beloved character of Indiana Jones on his last crusade. The film dealt with Indy's father issues as well as the quest for the Holy Grail. By the end of the film, the Grail has been found, Indy had reconnected with his father and our heroes galloped off into the sunset, like the classic cowboys of old. The final shot was a perfect way to close the book on the adventures of Henry Jones Jr.Kingdom of the Crystal Skull doesn't do enough to justify reopening that book. We can only start to reflect on how good a story was once it's over. Last Crusade was the perfect end point for the character, having our hero work out his family issues and have achieved the literal Holy Grail of his career. The end point of Kingdom of the Crystal Skull has Indy getting married and presumably settling down. Here's hoping Indy 5 has a better conclusion that that.Indiana Jones films are pretty simple chase affairs. Indy is told of a powerful ancient relic, finds out that some bad dudes want to get their hands on said relic and then he endeavours to stop them and make sure that the power doesn't fall into the wrong hands. On paper, Kingdom of the Crystal Skull follows that formula.However, the film weighs itself down with needless story baggage. For example, there is no point to the FBI subplot whatsoever. Indy gets hauled in by government agents who suspect him of being a Communist (the film being set at the height of the McCarthy era witch hunts). They also ransack his office and cause Jim Broadbent's Dean to resign from his post. Once the film gets underway, the FBI are forgotten about. At the end, Dean Stanforth seems to still be working at Marshall College having hired Indy as the associate dean and everything's back to normal. There are numerous bits like this that distract from the main narrative and make the story baggy.There's a popular saying that a film is only as good as its villain. While not necessarily true in all cases, it certainly applies to the previous Indy films. Belloq and Major Toht headed up Raiders of the Lost Ark, Mola Ram was Temple of Doom's baddie and both Walter Donovan and Elsa Schneider shared evil duties in Last Crusade. These are all memorable villains with clear motivations and reasons for us to hate them.Kingdom of the Crystal Skull has Irina Spalko, a highly decorated Soviet scientist and military officer, obsessed with using the power of the crystal skull to aid the Soviet Union win the Cold War. There isn't much about her that's particularly villainous or charismatic. The overall plan is vague too. There are mentions of brainwashing, but it's not expanded on enough. We know that the skull has weird powers and sent John Hurt's Oxley crazy, but we're never given any real indication of the consequences of the skull falling into Soviet hands. It's hard to get invested in Indy preventing disaster when we don't really know what that disaster would be. It's also tough to cheer a hero besting a bad guy you don't care about.Big action set-pieces are a hallmark of the Indy series. For decades, audiences have come to known the franchise as a place for globetrotting, adventure and death defying feats. The giant boulder rolling after Indy at the beginning of Raiders of the Lost Ark is an iconic moment of cinema and a pop cultural touchstone.With all that in mind, it's baffling that Kingdom of the Crystal Skull has weak, run-of-the-mill action. Apart from a half-decent bike chase around the college campus, the action is mediocre, soulless and CGI heavy. There's a chase through the Peruvian jungle that has all the danger and tension drained thanks to weak CGI work. Mutt swordfighting Spalko astride two speeding vehicles is ridiculous, but could have been fun. However, the scene is so obviously computer generated you're made very much aware that it was shot on a soundstage, ruining the immersion completely. The earlier Indy films were triumphs of classic stuntwork and it's disheartening to see Crystal Skull move so far away from that.The Indy franchise has never shied away from the darker side of things. From the melting heads in Raiders to nearly everything about Temple of Doom and Donovan's demise in Last Crusade, there are some gruesome and disturbing things contained within the first three films.Put simply, Kingdom of the Crystal Skull plays it too safe. It feels like a concession to being family-friendly, which is something the series never really was. To make everything practically edgeless distances the series from its pulp roots, not to mention the other films in the series. People are shot off-camera, there's little to no focus on injury and most of the deaths are cartoony and over-the-top. Even the themes are less mature. Raiders was an exploration of faith, greed and even had some Promethean parallels. Crystal Skull is just a wacky adventure with no real subtext. It all feels toothless and unworthy of the Indiana Jones title.Since the 1990s, CGI has become an increasingly big part of how blockbusters deliver huge spectacle and action. As with any tool, it's up to the craftsman to know how to use it and the limitations of it. Some of the best computer generated work in more modern films goes unnoticed because that's exactly what it's designed to do.When it comes to effects, there are some filmmakers that tend to use a sledgehammer when a chisel would have sufficed. Unfortunately Crystal Skull suffers from the sledgehammer approach. The human eye is great at detecting fakery and Indy 4 is lousy with it. Entire locations are greenscreened and action sequences have an unpleasant blurry quality to them because either the effects work or technology wasn't up to scratch. To be fair, the older films used miniatures and matte paintings to the same end, but they were used sparingly. Locations and stunts were kept as real as possible and as a result, they still hold up today. Crystal Skull has managed to age badly in eight years.Indiana Jones is an archaeologist. He's a learned man with both a knowledge of and a respect for the past. It's these things that make him successful in his career. He's also tough and more than capable in a fight, but his brawn is always secondary to his brains. Part of the fun of the films is watching Indy figure out some historical puzzle. He works out the correct burial site of the Ark of the Covenant in Raiders and solves many mysteries his father couldn't in Last Crusade.Kingdom of the Crystal Skull has Indy deciphering notes left by Oxley. They used a similar set-up in Last Crusade when Indy had his father's notebook, but that was for a good character reason, to show Indy was still living in his father's shadow. Figuring out the scrawlings of a mad professor doesn't have the same impact as working out an ancient clue or riddle. It makes Indy seem passive in his own adventure as he's following, rather than leading.Indy has had some great characters tag along on his adventures. You'd have a tough job to find someone who didn't like Sallah , Marcus Brody or Henry Jones Snr. Even Short Round has his fans. Indy needs a reliable, likable helper of some kind. It keeps him relatable and also gives Indy a reason to explain his methods to them and, by proxy, us the audience.Crystal Skull has Mac and Mutt. Mac isn't a classic sidekick. He's a traitor. He turns on Indy at the start of the film only to explain later that he's a double agent. Near the end, he reveals that he lied and was always working for the Soviets. That's all there is to the character. Any history the two have is only given lip service and it's hard to figure out why Indy would trust him after his first betrayal. To be fooled twice makes him look stupid. Mutt isn't as bad, but the film doesn't flesh him out nearly enough and it seems in two minds whether to set him up as Indy's successor or not.Marion Ravenwood is a great female lead in Raiders of the Lost Ark. She's a firecracker. She's tough as nails and feisty and more than a match for Indy. Before the film, we learn that she fell for Indy pretty hard when she was a teenager and the two had a relationship than wrecked Indy's friendship with her father. Indy left, leaving Marion devastated. The two rekindled that relationship during the events of Raiders but she wasn't mentioned after that.Marion makes her reappearance in Crystal Skull as Mutt's mother. Her and Indy start bickering immediately. Gone is the Marion of old and in her place is a softly chiding motherly type. Is it realistic that someone would change in 25 years, especially after becoming a parent? Absolutely. It is fitting for the series or interesting in the slightest? Nope. There's nothing for her to actually do in the film. Marion may as well have been a brand new character that Indy had had an off-screen relationship with.According to Steven Spielberg, George Lucas had been pushing for aliens to appear in an Indiana Jones film since the '90s. Spielberg, having done Close Encounters of the Third Kind and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, was reluctant and there was a creative stalemate for years. When it came time to scripting Crystal Skull, Lucas again campaigned for aliens and Spielberg relented.Extraterrestrials aren't the weirdest thing to appear in series dealing with curses, ancient power and the supernatural, but they don't work in Crystal Skull. The film wants to be a setting appropriate '50 B-movie but also a classic '30s serial- style caper at the same time. It's an odd mix of genres that don't mesh together. For some, it was a silly plot point too far.No one is claiming Indiana Jones films are documentaries. The established series had its moments of Hollywood physics and loopy logic. You just need to look at the inflatable raft escape from a crashing airplane in Temple of Doom to know that Indy and physics don't always see eye-to-eye.Having said that, Crystal Skull perhaps takes things too far. Aside from the aliens, there are many things that don't quite gel. There's the infamous “nuking the fridge” scene, which despite some physicists saying that Indy could have survived, still sticks out like a sore thumb. Perhaps the worst offender is the scene where Marion drives the gang off a cliff, only to have a tree flex and carry them safely to the water, before twanging back and swatting some bad guys off the cliff face.These scenes carry no tension because its clear the film will just find some convenience to aid our heroes. It's unsatisfying and a little intellectually insulting. Even cartoons exist on some kind of logic.Indiana Jones was created as a sort of American answer to James Bond. He's a fantasy figure. People either want to be him or want to sleep with him. He's an ideal man and the perfect audience projection vessel to carry us through dangerous and exciting adventures.While it's always great to see Harrison Ford don the fedora, having Indy as an old man goes against the wide appeal of the character. Pulp novel heroes weren't written to be particularly complex. They beat up the bad guys and got the girl. Crystal Skull moves away from this by giving us an older Indy with emotional baggage, which brings the character out of the fun fantasy world and into more realistic territory. The James Bond series changes Bonds once an actor gets too old for this very reason. This may be one of the crucial reasons that Crystal Skull doesn't feel like a proper Indiana Jones movie.However, now that the character has been written to be a little deeper, perhaps Indy 5 will take him in a new direction that manages to please fans of the fantasy element and people who want more complex, realistic characters.Making Kingdom of the Crystal Skull may not have been the worst idea, but some of the choices made in the film were truly baffling. The fact that both Harrison Ford and Steven Spielberg are getting another crack of the whip could rights some of the wrongs of Crystal Skull.Whether Indiana Jones 5 is a final chapter or the start of a new series remains to be seen. One thing is crystal clear though: Indiana Jones means an incredible amount to people. Here's hoping the new film does the character and series justice.
Tags:
Indiana Jones,
indiana jones 5
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Newcomers tried, but none of them were unable to unseat The Rock from the top of the box office charts.Coming in first is Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle with $20 million in its fifth weekend. The adventure film continued its dominance of the marketplace, raising its domestic total to $316.9 million. Before its run is complete, it should be able to work its way into the top 5 on the 2017 charts.In second is the new war drama 12 Strong (read our review), which brought in $16.5 million during its first three days. The film was bolstered by a strong cast (including Chris Hemsworth and Michael Shannon), as well as an incredible true story about real-life American heroes. However, those factors weren't enough to help it break out of its niche, and 12 Strong had difficulties appealing beyond its target audience. The most likely culprit there is the lukewarm critical reception, painting the film has an above-average, but unremarkable, movie. Its production budget was just $35 million, though, so it stands a chance at turning a profit if it performs well overseas.The #3 movie is Den of Thieves with $15.3 million. Like 12 Strong, the latest crime thriller boasted a star-studded ensemble and interesting concept, but was hamstrung by uninspired reviews. Many passed Den of Thieves off as a carbon copy of Michael Mann's superior classic, Heat, which hurt this film's prospects. However, Den of Thieves was moderately budgeted at $30 million, so it could end up being a success if it has legs. There won't be much in the way of direct competition for its target audience for the next several weeks.In fourth is The Post with $12.1 million. Steven Spielberg's historical drama is now up to $45.1 million domestically as it rides the waves of awards buzz.Rounding out the top five is The Greatest Showman. Hugh Jackman's musical brought in $11 million during its fifth weekend to raise its U.S. total to $113.4 million.Coming in sixth is Paddington 2 with $8.2 million. The acclaimed family film continues its struggles to make an impact at the box office, with a domestic haul of just $25 million. It's fared much better internationally, with a global total of $172.2 million.Liam Neeson's latest action vehicle, The Commuter, comes in seventh with $6.6 million. The film now stands at $25.7 million Stateside.Star Wars: The Last Jedi is the #8 film with $6.5 million. Though the sequel bombed its way out of China, it's done just fine in the U.S. with a total of $604.2 million. Lucasfilm's latest blockbuster is the sixth film in history to cross the $600 million plateau and will likely pass The Avengers for fifth all-time before it bows out of theaters.Coming in ninth is Insidious: The Last Key, which earned $5.9 million in its third weekend. The horror sequel is now up to $58.7 million domestically. That's more than enough to spin a nice profit out of its $10 million budget and it's the second highest-grossing installment of the franchise. With $126.8 million worldwide, Blumhouse could be inclined to continue it since interest is still there.Capping off the top 10 is Forever My Girl, which opened with $4.7 million.[NOTE: These are only weekend box office estimates -- based on Friday and Saturday ticket sales coupled with adjusted expectations for Sunday. Official weekend box office results will be released on Monday, January 22 -- at which time we'll update this post with any changes.]Source: Box Office Mojo
Tags:
box office
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Welcome to the Screen Rant Box Office Prediction. Every week we put together an informal list of box office picks for the upcoming weekend to offer readers a rough estimate of how new releases (and returning holdovers) will perform in theaters.For a recap of last week's box office totals, read our box office wrap-up from last weekend, and scroll to the bottom of this post to see how our picks matched up.Full disclosure: Box office predictions are not an exact science. We acknowledge our picks may not always be correct. For the sake of offering a jumping off point for discussion, here are our picks for the weekend of January 19 - 21, 2017.This weekend, 12 Strong opens in 3,002 theaters, Den of Thieves plays in 2,432 locations, and Forever My Girl debuts in 1,115 theaters.We believe Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle (read our review) will be able to pull off the three-peat this weekend. Once the hoopla surrounding Star Wars: The Last Jedi died down, the adventure film soared to the top of the charts and hasn't looked back since. With little in the way of meaningful competition opening this weekend, The Rock's latest vehicle should be able to continue its domination and win the weekend again. It's been holding very well for the last month.Our choice for second is 12 Strong (read our review), the new war drama starring Chris Hemsworth. The film is based on the true story of the Horse Soldiers, who were among the first American soldiers deployed in Afghanistan during the war on terror. It appears to be targeting the same demographic as Michael Bay's 13 Hours, which opened to the tune of $16.1 million back in 2016. That number seems like a reasonable ballpark for 12 Strong, which is projected to bow with around $12 million in its first three days. The famous names in its cast give it a boost in star power, though reviews have been mixed and it will have to contend with the NFL playoffs this weekend. It'll be interesting to see how it performs, but since January is relatively quiet, the film should be able to post respectable figures.Coming in third should be The Post (read our review), which finished in second last week with $19.3 million. The historical drama will be appealing for cinephiles looking to keep up on all of this year's awards contenders. It's done well on the daily charts throughout the week, at times challenging Jumnaji for the #1 position. The Post should be able to do well ahead of the Oscar nominations being announced, especially with the pedigree behind it.Our choice for fourth is The Commuter (read our review). Liam Neeson's latest action flick outperformed expectations in its debut, bringing in $13.7 million last week. Though the movie isn't a critical darling, it's still received decent marks as a fun, if silly, time at the movies and that certainly can get the job done this time of year. It should be able to stick around for at least another week.Rounding out the top five should be Den of Thieves, a new crime thriller featuring an ensemble fronted by Gerard Butler and 50 Cent. Unfortunately, the reviews for this one haven't been great, as the film struggled to live up to its high-minded aspirations (Michael Mann's Heat was a clear influence). With several other movies currently vying for the attention of audiences, Den of Thieves will have an uphill climb at the box office. Estimates call for an opening weekend of just $5.9 million.Our PicksJumanji: Welcome to the JungleThe PostPaddington 2Star Wars: The Last JediProud MaryActualsJumanji: Welcome to the JungleThe PostThe CommuterThe Greatest ShowmanInsidious: The Last KeyNext week: Maze Runner: The Death Cure, and more!Sources: Box Office Mojo (Release Schedule), Box Office (Opening Weekend Projections)
Tags:
box office,
Jumanji,
12 strong
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The latest film from veteran Hollywood producer Jerry Bruckheimer, 12 Strong marks the feature film debut for director Nicolai Fuglsig. It tells the true story of a declassified mission from the outset of America's war on terror, in which a small group of soldiers were among the first deployed to Afghanistan to fight back against the Taliban. Its primary aspiration is to raise awareness of this incredible moment in history by giving these brave men a moment in the spotlight for all to see. On that front, the film is moderately successful in its goals, but doesn't reinvent the wheel. 12 Strong works as a tribute to the real-life American heroes who lived it, but is an overall generic war film without much substance.12 Strong begins on September 11, 2001, as America mourns the horrific terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. Despite filing for a cushy desk job so he could stay close to his family, Alpha 595 captain Mitch Nelson (Chris Hemsworth) requests to be reinstated as his team's leader so he can go overseas to defend the United States. Colonel Max Bowers (Rob Riggle) agrees to send the group out, and Mitch is joined by comrades such as Chief Cal Spencer (Michael Shannon), Sergeant Sam Diller (Michael Peña), and Sergeant Ben Milo (Trevante Rhodes) to go to Afghanistan.There, Mitch and his team are tasked with rendezvousing with the Northern Alliance's General Abdul Rashid Dostum (Navid Negahban), with the two leaders joining forces to deal the Taliban a major blow. Their primary mission is to assume control of the Afghan city Mazar-i-Sharif, hoping to accomplish their objective before the weather makes conditions unbearable. Meanwhile, Nelson and Dostum's contrasting personalities threaten to derail the mission, forcing the two to try to overcome their differences for the greater good.The film is a mixed bag in regards to its execution. On the positive side of the spectrum, Fuglsig does a good job of portraying the camaraderie and sense of brotherhood that exists between military members, as the main cast have chemistry with each other that shines through on occasion. Whether the ensemble is joking with each other while on base or trying to survive together in the heat of combat, viewers get the sense that this is a cohesive team with years of experience. There is also ample time dedicated to showcasing the relationship between Nelson and Dostum, which serves as the film's primary subplot. Those two characters share a decent amount of screen time with a nice arc as they learn valuable lessons about each other. Their dynamic may not be the most emotionally-rewarding this genre has seen, but it works for 12 Strong and pays off.Unfortunately, Ted Tally and Peter Craig's script has various shortcomings that prevent 12 Strong from reaching its full potential. Several of the characters are shortchanged and ultimately come across as two-dimensional individuals whose only real purpose is to flesh out the team. There are attempts to give some of the soldiers more to do (see: Milo's evolving friendship with his child "shadow"), but most of these sadly ring hollow due to insufficient characterization. The pair also have a hard time avoiding classic war movie clichés (concerned families back home, on-the-nose thematic dialogue) that are designed to tug at the heartstrings and not much else. 12 Strong deserves credit for striving to reach the bar set by its predecessors, but it falls a little short.As one might expect, first-time director Fuglsig isn't seamless as the helmsman. Where he struggles most is with pacing, as the film arguably overstays its welcome with a runtime of 130 minutes. While the story itself is fascinating and character motivations clear, the lack of emotional investment in many of the individuals can make it drag at points. The action sequences Fuglsig stages are adequate - in that they firmly establish how overmatched the American soldiers are - but they do grow repetitive as the film marches on and none of them truly stand out as the battle audiences will remember long after the movie is over. Still, the director has a steady hand at crafting set pieces and will hopefully improve as his career progresses.In regards to the performances, Hemsworth makes for a solid lead as Mitch, portraying the soldier as a well-meaning hero eager to go head-first into danger. While this isn't the most challenging dramatic role the actor has played, his screen presence and likability are more than enough to have audiences root for him - especially when the going gets tough. Hemsworth is complemented by Negahaban as Dostum, playing an effective riff on the mentor/mentee relationship. Their interactions can be tense or insightful depending on the situation, and credit goes to Hemsworth and Negahban for pulling it off. Michael Shannon has the most substantial part of the supporting players, and he is able to ground Spencer with the gravitas viewers have come to expect from the actor. However, much like the others on Mitch's team, there isn't a whole lot for Shannon to do because of how his role is written.For January releases, 12 Strong is far from the worst of the bunch, but it isn't exactly great, either. Fuglsig's intentions are clearly in the right place, celebrating the incredible accomplishments of its subjects with good work from his cast. However, 12 Strong comes up short of being the rousing commemoration it wants to be and will have a familiar feel to anyone with passing knowledge of earlier films of its nature. The script favors a standard narrative instead of something that digs a little deeper, meaning viewers who aren't already interested in the material won't be missing much if they choose to skip it. But for those in the mood for a decently-made war film, 12 Strong could be worth checking out in theaters.Trailer12 Strong is now playing in U.S. theaters. It runs 130 minutes and is rated R for war violence and language throughout.Let us know what you thought of the film in the comments!
Tags:
12 strong
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Navid Negahban has worked steadily in Hollywood for years. He has appeared on TV shows like 24, Homeland, and is currently playing a recurring role on ABC’s Mistresses. He made headlines when he selected to play The Sultan in Guy Richie’s adaptation of Disney’s Aladdin. Navid will also portray the role of the Shadow King on the TV show Legion. Now he is set to appear in the upcoming biographical war film 12 Strong, where he will be portraying General Abdul Rashid Dostum. 12 Strong was released on January 19, 2018.Screen Rant got a chance to chat with Navid Negahban on press day, where we discussed what it was like to recreate the story of 12 Strong, the portrayal of Middle Easterners in the film, and what we should expect from Guy Richie’s adaptation of Aladdin.SR: This film depicts key battles that still have lasting effects in the Middle East. What was it like recreating this and were you familiar with the story?Navid Negahban: I wasn’t familiar with the story at all and it was kind of fascinating for me to find out, Oh my God. These are the things that have happened and we didn’t know about it.SR: Right.Navid Negahban: Getting to know the individuals who were involved in creating this movement, it was unbelievable. I mean, I met with Mark. I met with Bob and Mark and [mumbled] and they were telling me the stories and we didn’t know anything about it and what they went through and the bond and how, for example, the Afghan soldiers, how they were there. The first mission was to protect the American soldiers. JR was telling me that, “If anything happens to any of these guys and the person was responsible, I’ll kill you and I’ll kill the whole family.”SR: Which they touched upon in the film with the boy.Navid Negahban: They brought it in. Yeah.SR: Which is interesting that you brought it up because, you know, usually when you see military films, it’s always about a sense of brotherhood, a sense of family, and it’s interesting because now they’ve bonded so well with the Afghan people, the Afghans, that they just took them in and it’s very interesting to see that relationship progress. And you made a great point at the press conference saying that it doesn’t matter necessarily, like we are the same essentially.Navid Negahban: That’s what it is and one of the things that we forget and that we don’t realize. See, I grew up in Mashhad, Iran. Mashhad is kind of one of the cities of Iran that’s very close to Afghanistan and during the movements and everything that was happening, we had lots of Afghans come over, leave their families, and go back to fight. One of the things that was happening was that my mom, for example, was a school teacher, so there was lots of Afghan kids and through that I was able to get to know them and their culture and who they are. They are a very proud people, very honorable to the core. This is what it is. That is what you need to do. That is the way that is supposed to be and they were so friendly and they were so warm, so hospitable. Even when I lived in Germany, it was an Afghan family who, because I was on my own, an Afghan family that took me over and I had to go there every weekend for them to feed them. This is the culture. This is the mentality. They are very hospitable.SR: You’re right! My best friend is Lebanese and you are completely right. It is the Middle Eastern hospitality and one thing that I do love about this film is that it depicts Middle Easterns in a positive matter, especially in this day and age.Navid Negahban: In a true matter. Not a positive matter.SR: Yes!Navid Negahban: The thing is, one of the things that is happening we have projects here that were okay. They were there and just to feed ourselves. You create a movie that scares you and everybody wants to go see what it is about, but 12 Strong is a film, in my opinion, that doesn’t take side, shows you what has happened, and lets you judge it for yourself and that’s what I love about the film. That was what was important to me.SR: It’s interesting you bring that about and, just taking it from a visual aspect because this is Nikolai’s first movie I believe, he comes from a photojournalist background. Is that any different than anything you’ve experienced before in the way he’d set up shots and portray the landscapes?Navid Negahban: No because the landscape is one of the characters.SR: Exactly! It’s like its own character.Navid Negah: Without that, what Nikolai did, how he was able to, seeing the characters, seeing the actors, seeing how they relate to each other is one side of the story, but where they are and how tough it is for them to move and the bond that is being created because of the toughness, because of how difficult the movement is, that shows how human beings they, they forget about all of their differences when they are forced to move in the same direction. It doesn’t matter where you are from. It doesn’t matter what color. It doesn’t matter what nationality, what religion. I think all of us want to see that our kids grow up in an environment where they aren’t afraid to take a plane, so let’s get there. Let’s all of us join forces and go there instead of pointing fingers and going, “No. It’s your fault! No, it’s your fault! No, you did it!” Who cares? Let us create a ground zero and pick it up from there and build from there.SR: I am actually really shocked by how much heart this movie has and, funny enough, even how much but not a lot, but it has a well placed sense of comedic timing, especially with your character when he calls the Taliban [mumbled]...it’s so funny. This was amazing. This guy has balls of steel.Navid Negahban: He was like that. JR was telling me that this guy was so unpredictable. He comes and he walks. They are shooting at him and he starts walking and he says, “Oh, the bullets are not going to hit me. Are you coming? Let’s go!” This is who the guy was and he’s very playful. He’s very funny. Sarcastic. He tells jokes all the time. In the middle of the chaos, all of a sudden he finds something and starts laughing and they were telling me that his laugh was such a heartfelt laugh. That’s just who he is. I don’t know. Sometimes...I don’t know. You can’t judge a book by its cover.SR: Not at all. Not at all. He still holds a lot of power in that region. He’s the vice president there. What went into the preparation and how did you want to depict a younger version of him? How accurate did you want to be with that depiction?Navid Negahban: I wanted to be as close as I can be and one of the things that helped was Doug’s book and the script was giving me a kind of path that I had to move on. And then the depth of it, as Brian mentioned, Brian Williams, his book The Last Warlord, it gave me a different side. His was a biographical book. It showed how he grew up, what he went through, what he was fighting for and that was very helpful. Then, again, Brian, Mark, JR; they were very helpful to give me their point of view for Dostum. How they saw Dostum. And then I had [indiscernible], who came from Afghanistan and came to visit, he was giving me his opinion. And all of these things came together and created an image for me and then I wanted to be as truthful as possible. I even, my gosh, he is a very big guy. He’s very big and I was just all of the fast food restaurants became my best friend.SR: [laughs] You were like, “Best job ever!”Navid Negahban: No. No. I hated myself because I couldn’t move after that, but it was good. It was good. It was a character that also the Afghan people, the local Afghan people, and how they look at him and how they see him and some of them were fighting side by side with him. They were so old and playing Dostum and everybody would call me General and everybody was there and everybody would come help the guy playing Dostum.SR: How is Guy Ritchie’s Aladdin going to be comparable to the classic Disney film and do you sing?Navid Negahban: [laughs] No. My name is Singbad the Sailor so this is my name. I’m not a singer. My kids, they laugh at me when I start singing. Guy’s point of view goes deeper. One of the things he wanted to do and he was very, very cautious about it and he was emphasizing on that he wants to be very respectful to the characters.SR: Of the original tale or the classic Disney tale?Navid Negahban: The characters that he’s portraying in Aladdin. He’s very, very cautious. He wants to show the depth of each of these characters and the film itself will be a film that no matter how old you are, you’re going to enjoy it.SR: I can’t wait.Navid Negahban: It’s a fantastic team. Beautiful, beautiful team. I mean, you will see the costumes. Gorgeous! Unbelievable!MORE: Chris Hemsworth Interview for 12 Strong
Tags:
12 strong
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
12 Years a Slave is based on the memoir of Solomon Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor), a free black man and professional violinist from New York who, in 1841, gratefully accepted an offer of employment from two men, claiming to be fellow artists and members of a traveling circus. The morning after a night of fine dining and wining with the pair, Solomon awoke to a nightmare - discovering that he had been deceived, drugged, kidnapped and sold into slavery.Unable to find any free person who might listen to his protests - or brave enough to risk their own safety by aiding him - Solomon experienced humiliation, physical brutality and even unexpected kindness, before he became the property of Mr. Edwin Epps (Michael Fassbender), a slave owner who prided himself on his ability to break the spirit of any rebellious servant on his plantation. However, even when faced with such insurmountable horror, a soul as strong and dignified as Solomon's could not be shattered.Directed by Steve McQueen (Hunger, Shame) and scripted by John Ridley (Red Tails), 12 Years a Slave is a well-crafted film that uses the topic of slavery in the pre-Civil War U.S. as a means for ruminating on the human condition. However, it fails to make a clear-cut statement about the slavery issue or provide new insight on that dark chapter in American history. And thus, because the film doesn't blink an eye - when it comes to portraying the cruelty/violence committed against blacks in the Antebellum South - there are times when it feels like (put bluntly) the equivalent of "torture porn" made for arthouse moviegoers.In the past, McQueen has also used larger subjects (the IRA Hunger Strike, modern sex disorders) to explore how what a person does and/or what others do to a person's body affects their spirit. That question is again his true focus with 12 Years a Slave, but the decision to use Solomon Northup's tale as a way to further explore the issue proves less effective at best, highly questionable at worst. As a result, the scenes that depict the dehumanizing nature of slavery are genuinely disturbing to watch, yet the film as a whole fails to offer the kind of personal and informative character study that would've made all the suffering portrayed more meaningful (from a discussion standpoint).Rest assured, 12 Years a Slave is as gorgeously shot and visually-composed as McQueen's past films; his frequent cinematographer Sean Bobbitt photographs the 19th-century South as a sweltering hell - characterized by fiery sunsets, treacherous bogs and sparse cotton fields - populated by Solomon, other slaves and their oppressors. Meanwhile, the editing choices made by McQueen and his trusted editor, Joe Walker, favor subtly when it comes to spacing out shots and/or scenes that parallel one another (for thematic effect). Similarly, much of Hans Zimmer's score is quiet and gentle - save for an early sequence (where Solomon is transported South by ferry), when the score becomes as over-the-top ominous as would befit a horror movie.Indeed, 12 Years a Slave often unfolds as a historical horror show, as Solomon encounters many a monstrous Southerner who is all too eager to hurt, rape and/or murder any black person that crosses their path. Problem is, Ridley's screenplay paints the story of Solomon Northup in overly broad strokes and fails to bring much depth to either the heroes, victims or villains. The end result is a narrative that skips too quickly through instances that offer complex insight; and, on occasion, almost seems to relish the moments that show the different slaves getting beaten, raped, flayed and hung (hence the "torture porn" label).Ejiofor's performance as Solomon is graceful and sympathetic, yet is undercut because the character is too thinly-written. No doubt, everyone who goes to see the film will cheer for Solomon to escape and reunite with his family, but Ridley's script fails to dig beneath his surface - as a human being and artist - and reveal who he truly is, as a real person (not just a figure to be idolized). Similarly, Fassbender brings a steely gaze and unhinged gusto to the role of Mr. Epps, yet the antagonist - a malevolent scoundrel who loves to torture his slaves and lusts for his hardest-working servant, Patsey (Lupita Nyong'o) - is not written as being much deeper than your average Disney movie villain.Several of the film's most promising scenes involve the reputable supporting cast - Paul Giamatti as a slave auctioneer, Benedict Cumberbatch as Solomon's first master, Paul Dano as an especially-punchable slave foreman and Garret Dillahunt as a heavy drinker forced to work alongside the slaves he once ruled over - but their flimsy characterizations and the script's lack of payoff make their screen time feel a bit like afterthoughts (not helpful additions to the central battle of wills between Ejiofor and Fassbender).Sarah Paulson as Fassbender's wife, Alfre Woodard as a well-cared-for slave mistress and Nyong'o as the abused Patsey are just never given the chance to fully explore how women in their positions might have behaved - and, more importantly, why they act the way they do - in spite of sincere performances from all three actresses (especially Nyong'o). Finally, many a recognizable face pops ups for a scene or cameo, including Scoot McNairy (Argo), Quvenzhané Wallis (Beasts of the Southern Wild), Michael Kenneth Williams (Boardwalk Empire) and Brad Pitt as a progressive-minded Canadian; with the exception of Pitt, though, these roles aren't really worthy of the talent behind them.12 Years a Slave avoids feeling like cheap exploitation, but Ridley's script reduces the evils of slavery to a concept that isn't challenging and lets viewers disconnect from the atrocities portrayed onscreen, without having to ask themselves the really hard questions (like "Could I have behaved like that, if I'd been alive back then?"). McQueen's storytelling approach is more accessible here than with his previous films, yet it's also too removed and is partly to blame for making the viewing experience a punishing, yet ultimately hollow one.In the end, it's best to approach 12 Years a Slave with the expectation that you are going to watch a well-made meditation about a man who endures a terrifying journey (right out of a Franz Kafka novel) - not a film that really adds so much to the ongoing conversation about slavery.For those who are still undecided, here is the trailer for 12 Years a Slave:_____12 Years a Slave is now playing in a limited theatrical release in the U.S., but will continue to expand nationwide over the forthcoming weeks. It is 134 minutes long and Rated R for violence/cruelty, some nudity and brief sexuality.
Tags:
12 years a slave
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi takes us back to the year 2012, as the country of Libya finds itself in a tumultuous state of change following the death of "Colonel" Muammar Muhammad Abu Minyar al-Gaddafi (Libya's main leader/ruler for decades), one year earlier. This is the environment that CIA security contractor and military veteran Jack Silva (John Krasinski) find himself in upon arriving in the Libyan city of Benghazi. There Silva works alongside his fellow contractors - including his old friend Tyrone "Rone" Woods (James Badge Dale), in addition to Mark "Oz" Geist (Max Martini), Kris "Tanto" Paronto (Pablo Schreiber), John "Tig" Tiegen (Dominic Fumusa), and one Dave "Boon" Benton (David Denman) - to provide security at a CIA annex, where the Chief (David Constabile) sees the contractors as little more than a last resort should things go wrong, as far as security is concerned.While Silva and his fellow contractors express their concerns about the protective measures that are in place at the Libyan U.S. diplomatic compound - currently housing one Ambassador Chris Stevens (Matt Letscher) - the compound's security team offer assurances that the situation is being handled carefully. However, when terrorist militants attack the U.S. compound on the anniversary of the September 11th terrorist attacks, things quickly go from bad to worse - and when it becomes clear that the backup will be too late to help, it falls upon Silva and his fellow contractors to launch a desperate rescue mission... even as the militants prepare to attack the Benghazi CIA station next.Drawing from Mitchell Zuckoff's 2014 book "13 Hours: The Inside Account of What Really Happened in Benghazi", 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi offers jingoistic posturing aplenty, yet also skirts around the politics that surround the 2012 Benghazi terrorist attacks - instead, exploring a Black Hawk Down-style action/thriller narrative that is centered around a small team of ex-military contractors that were involved in the incident. The adapted 13 Hours script penned by Chuck Hogan - the co-creator of The Strain TV show and the author of The Town's source material, "Prince of Thieves" - even provides a tightly constructed three-act narrative skeleton for the movie to build upon, with nary a dangling plot thread or extraneous story tangent to be found.Problem is, 13 Hours also paints the tensions between the contractors and members of the CIA (in particular, the annex Chief) in broad strokes, while at the same time failing to provide enough onscreen development time for the eponymous "Secret Soldiers" to amount to much more than two-dimensional archetypes. Director Michael Bay then stretches the storyline out to encompass a nearly two and a half running time with a focus on generating thrills and suspense - something that makes the film's already heavy-handed storytelling approach come off all the more ham-fisted, in the process. The end result: 13 Hours resembles a feature film-length version of a season of the TV series Homeland (season 4 in particular), albeit with the CIA drama/thriller show's best elements (intriguing plot points and character development) having been reduced in order to make more room for additional spectacle and action.Credit where credit's due, few directors know how to stage explosion-happy set pieces and/or stylized, yet grounded, action sequences like Bay does, and 13 Hours is evidence of just that. The film in turn combines the aesthetic elements of Bay's past work (constant fast-paced editing and dynamic camera shot choices/movement) with solid cinematography by Dion Beebe (Edge of Tomorrow) in order to craft combat scenarios and chase sequences that succeed in making the audience feel as though they too are right in the line of fire. 13 Hours' approach to re-staging the Benghazi terrorist attack is visually bombastic and spectacle-driven to the point that it becomes ridiculous, in terms of how much explosive action and destruction is actually shown onscreen - and for sure, there are certain moments where Bay unimaginatively recycles his work on films past (in particular, one of the most famous shots from Pearl Harbor is re-used here). Nevertheless, no one Bay-style action as well as Bay himself.However, Bay is (again) his own worst enemy when it comes to ratcheting up the tension and suspense here. 13 Hours succeed in creating a vision of Benghazi that feels like the setting out of a Western (for better or worse) where danger lurks around ever corner - yet, because virtually every scene in the film is shot and played out with the same over the top style (regardless of the tone or mood it's going for), the technique becomes more tedious than effective after a while. Moreover, as was indicated before, 13 Hours starts off with an overall tight first act (story-wise and in terms of pacing), before the action then kicks in and carries on for longer than necessary. On the whole, 13 Hours would've been better served by additional editing to trim out the excessive spectacle.The 'Secret Soldiers' themselves aren't developed far beyond recognizable war film genre 'types' (the jokester, the family man who can't leave the war behind him, and so forth), but 13 Hours benefits from having a talented roster of character actor bringing its primary characters to life. The Office alum John Krasinski packed on extra muscle for his role in 13 Hours, though it's his own dramatic acting skills and screen charisma that serves him best here. Similarly, noteworthy characters actors James Badge Dale (Iron Man 3), Pablo Schreiber (Orange is the New Black), Dominic Fumusa (Nurse Jackie), Max Martini (Pacific Rim) and David Denman (Krasinski's onetime Office costar) do fine work - lending humanity to the other members of the contracted security team, as does Toby Stephens (Black Sails) in a small role as Global Response Staff officer Glen "Bub" Doherty.Unfortunately, David Constabile (Low Winter Sun, Suits) can only do so much to elevate the character of CIA Chief "Bob" above being a glorified (and sniveling) obstacle holding the 'Secret Soldiers' back from saving the day properly in 13 Hours; the same holds true for other members of the CIA in the film, as played by such folk as Alexia Barlier (The Missionaries) and Freddie Stroma (Pitch Perfect). While most of the native Libyans in the film - be they terrorists, allies to the 'Secret Soldiers', or just residents who get caught in the cross-fire - are depicted as one-note stereotypes, Peyman Moaadi (A Separation) does solid and sympathetic work in the role of Amahl, a Libyan aide who does his best to help, even once the bloodshed starts to unfold around him.13 Hours has elements of a lean and efficient action/thriller, but is bloated and overblown thanks to Michael Bay's directorial approach. The film will no doubt prompt debates about how it portrays the events of the 2012 Libyan terrorist attack and what its political message (or lack thereof) means, but that will have more to do with the people having the debate - rather than anything that the movie itself actually has to offer on the subject. Indeed, 13 Hours is more mature than most of Bay's recent work solely because the bar has been set so low; thus, while some filmgoers will enjoy 13 Hours and appreciate its grisly portrayal of militaristic combat, other hoping the the film's subject matter would elevate it above being mindless action movie entertainment are likely to wind up being disappointed.TRAILER13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi is now playing in U.S. theaters. It is 144 minutes long and is Rated R for strong combat violence throughout, bloody images, and language.Let us know what you thought of the film in the comments below.
Tags:
13 hours
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Michael Bay has spent most of the previous ten years making Transformers movies, with the exception of his true story-based crime tale Pain & Gain. The filmmaker will return to the realm of real-life stories for his next directorial effort, title 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi; a film that examines the September 2012 terrorist attack on the U.S. State Department Special Mission Compound and a nearby CIA station in Benghazi, Libya.13 Hours is based on accounts of the Anex Security Team as well as author Mitchell Zuckoff's book about the event, titled "13 Hours: The Inside Account of What Really Happened In Benghazi". Bay called the shots on the film, drawing from a script by author/screenwriter Chuck Hogan (co-creator of The Strain), and directing character actors John Krasinski (The Office), Pablo Schreiber (Orange is the New Black), Max Martini (Pacific Rim), and James Badge Dale (Iron Man 3), among others.The first 13 Hours trailer is now online (watch it above) and even this footage alone features several recognizable signatures of Bay's filmmaking style (dramatic shots of American iconography, explosions, lens flares), though here it's grounded in a real-world thriller involving an attack on a U.S. compound. Peter Berg's Lone Survivor is the recent addition to that genre that the 13 Hours trailer footage brings to mind, though Bay's movie appears to have a more sophisticated and shinier cinematic aesthetic. Meanwhile, its tone brings to mind the director's earlier work in the 1990s (see The Rock, and so on).For those unaware, here is the synopsis for Zuckoff's 13 Hours source material:13 Hours” presents, for the first time ever, the true account of the events of September 11, 2012, when terrorists attacked the US State Department Special Mission Compound and a nearby CIA station called the Annex in Benghazi, Libya. A team of six American security operators fought to repel the attackers and protect the Americans stationed there. Those men went beyond the call of duty, performing extraordinary acts of courage and heroism, to avert tragedy on a much larger scale. This is their personal account, never before told, of what happened during the thirteen hours of that now-infamous attack.The 2012 Libyan attack was quickly politicized, but for his film Bay appears focused on documenting the incident through a terse cinematic action/thriller, not its aftermath (much like Lone Survivor). 13 Hours is reported to have a leaner budget than most of Bay movies from the past ten to fifteen years, yet like Pain & Gain this new Bay project doesn't abandon the filmmaker's tendency to emphasize spectacle over more insightful storytelling or character development - judging by the initial 13 Hours footage, anyway.Bay, shortly before he began filming 13 Hours, expressed a desire to start "flexing new muscles" and to explore different subject matter as a director; here, that's what he's doing There ought to be a decent-sized audience that's interested and willing to take a chance on the movie and see how Bay handles the material (despite their concerns), if only to find out how 13 Hours compares to recent true story-based U.S. military films like Zero Dark Thirty, Lone Survivor, and American Sniper, among other titles.13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi opens in U.S. theaters on January 15th, 2016.Source: Paramount Pictures
Tags:
13 hours
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Season 1 of Netflix’s 13 Reasons Why was about as self-contained a story as you can get. Based on the novel by Jay Asher, the series was initially intended to be a feature film, but soon took on a new form as one of the streaming giant’s overlong, sometimes ponderous, supposedly bingeable originals. Though it covered sensitive, important topics like bullying, self-harm, rape, and suicide — sometimes in not the most sensitive of ways —  the questions of why Hanna Baker (Katherine Langford) killed herself and chose to explain why on a series of cassette tapes, didn’t have enough story to adequately fill 13 hours of television. Nevertheless, it still told its story from beginning to end. That’s a problem for season 2 as the series struggles to justify the unnecessary continuation of what was a self-contained story. For there to be 13 episodes in the first season was, if not totally necessary, at least ambitious in its design. The narrative device of Hannah’s recordings, mixed with the investigation into them made by Clay Jensen (Dylan Minnette), along with a multitude of flashbacks featuring the show’s expansive ensemble cast, gave the series enough structure to partially mitigate the more ponderous parts of the season’s storyline. With Hannah now gone the focus shifts to the lawsuit filed by her parents against the school for failing to protect her, as well as a second thread involving Polaroids as evidence of just how rampant bullying and sexual assault really are at this school. The photos and the mystery surrounding them are little more than a lateral move for the series, a secondary device intended to further mimic the structure of season 1, that only affords 13 Reasons Why a chance to rehash a story that’s already been told. Though it makes a concerted effort to cover important issues, the series often does so in a facile manner; platitudes are delivered in place of more meaningful examinations of the subject matter. There’s a scene early on in the new season where the school’s baseball coach listlessly reads his players a memorandum about consent. It’s meant to be perfunctory, but it’s also unintentionally representative of how the show itself often makes due with a superficial investigation of its own content. Many of those potential examinations wind up being tabled for the purpose of pushing Clay down the path of uncovering a new mystery, one seemingly in connection to Hannah’s suicide, and in convincing the audience there’s more to her story than was seen in the previous season. In doing so, 13 Reasons Why inadvertently invalidates the intended emotional impact of what came before. The most glaring evidence of this is in how the series works Hannah back into the story. By becoming a hallucination, a manifestation of Clay’s guilt and lingering feelings for her, the series can utilize Langford outside of the occasional flashback, and also put her in scenes with Minnette to once again capitalize on their on-screen chemistry and solid performances. But in doing so, 13 Reasons Why ultimately undermines the poignancy it was chasing with Hannah’s story, and it makes the controversial choice to depict her suicide in graphic detail more difficult to justify to those claiming it glamorized the act. A hallucinatory Hannah aside, the second season’s biggest problems have more to do with its structure and inert story than anything else. Right away it becomes clear the season's narrative foundation is built on sand, which is worsened by a lack of forward momentum and over-reliance on rehashing the past, making it more ponderous than even the most inessential portions of the previous season. There’s a valid attempt to turn various student courtroom testimonies into the same narrative device that season 1 employed, but given that the most significant emotional beats have already played out in excruciating detail, the effort here lacks both the necessary emotional force and narrative drive to feel meaningful. In addition, the episodes are much too long. Season 1 was around six hours of actual story spread out over twice that amount, the issue is compounded here, and the result is that the dreaded streaming drift begins to set in around episode 4. 13 Reasons Why is certainly well-intentioned, something that’s made evident by its attempts to tackle difficult subject matter, as well as the appearance of plainly worded PSAs and links to crisis help lines and other valuable resources. Some of that stems from the wave of criticism and backlash the series received last year, which was retroactively corrected in much the same manner. Some of it is also clearly a product of the series' producers demonstrating an increased awareness of their show’s content and core audience. But as is sometimes the case, the intent of or message in a story warrants a more compelling delivery, one that feels not only urgent but also necessary. With its myriad flashbacks, hallucinations, and recycled narrative devices, 13 Reasons Why season 2 is unfortunately neither.Next: Sense8 Series Finale Trailer Promises One Last Mission13 Reasons Why season 2 is currently streaming on Netflix.
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[WARNING: This piece contains spoilers for 13 Reasons Why]-Netflix recently rolled out 13 Reasons Why, a gripping yet gut-wrenching adaptation of Jay Asher's best-selling YA novel of the same name. It's told from the perspective of Hannah Baker (Katherine Langford), a high school teen who kills herself and leaves behind a collection of pre-recorded, confessional tapes to detail why. The story cuts between her poignant narration of the events that led up to her death and the aftermath unfolding in present day, centered around her crush-slash-resident nice guy Clay Jenkins (Dylan Minnette).Though only about a week out from its release, the show has already raked in widespread critical acclaim, particularly for its frank and powerful depictions of issues like bullying, sexual assault, and suicide. By the end, Hannah's story had finished, but the team behind the TV iteration did well to craft compelling narratives for its supporting characters, spurring speculation that more episodes could happen down the line.In an interview with EW, Asher said that he's among the people who want to see a season 2. As he told the outlet:“I’d just like a continuation of all those characters. I’m curious as well. What happens to Clay? How do people react to what Alex did at the very end? What’s going to happen to Mr. Porter? I’d thought of a sequel at some point. I’d brainstormed it, but decided I wasn’t going to write it. So I’d love to see it.”The author went on to say that he couldn't confirm or deny if a second season was indeed in the works, but did explain that the final episode wasn't crafted with more episodes in mind.“Things weren’t left open in the hopes of a sequel… There is no end for the characters left behind. Every action we have is going to have repercussions in ways we could not anticipate. You realize that with not just what Hannah did, but also how other people treated Tyler throughout it. It’s the whole message of the book. Of course, there’s obviously ways to go with a second season if they do that.”Though 13 Reasons Why's first season was largely self-contained, there are plenty of plot points to pick up with should it return for another season. So, while the title might not necessarily apply, there's more than enough story to work with, and it certainly seems like there's a demand for more. Netflix is rarely stingy with green-lighting its original series, so a season 2 is possible, but it will probably be some time before there's any official word.Next: 13 Reasons Why Is A Step Forward For TV’s Portrayal of Rape13 Reasons Why season 1 is available on Netflix.Source: EW
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
According to 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford, Hannah Baker will be very different when the show returns for season 2. The controversial teen drama first premiered last spring, tracing the months leading up to Hannah's suicide through a series of tapes she left behind. Despite some pushback for its candid depictions of topics like bullying, suicide, and sexual assault, it fast became a runaway hit, and though initially billed as a limited series, landed a renewal from Netflix in response.This raised a lot of questions about what, exactly, a second season would look like. The first was adapted from Jay Asher's YA novel of the same name, and by the finale, had covered the entirety of his book. Continuing the series, then, would mean drafting fresh material, as well as figuring out how Langford might fit in. Hannah's tapes had finished, and with the character dead, so had her story.Related: 13 Reasons Why Adds 7 New Cast Members for Season 2In an interview with Entertainment Weekly discussing her recent Golden Globe nomination, Langford addressed some of these factors, explaining that the narrative will broaden to include the other students at Liberty High. She told the outlet:“This season has been really interesting for a lot of reasons. It’s a different story than season 1 and I think that’s a good thing. This season we get to explore a lot more of the other characters and their journeys, which I’m excited about. As sad as it is, there is life after Hannah, and this season we get to see the effects it had on the people around her a lot more.”That also means fans might see Hannah in a different light. The first season was told entirely through her perspective, but in season 2, 13 Reasons Why has the freedom to explore things from new angles. Langford continued:“You see a very different Hannah in season 2. I would prepare fans not to expect the Hannah from season 1 for a multitude of reasons.” But is it the last we’ll see of Hannah? "It’s funny because I just wrapped [filming] and I think a lot of this season for me is about letting Hannah go.”This might reveal new details about Hannah's life viewers weren't privy to before, or could delve further into the aftermath of trauma. Hannah's peers were deeply affected by her death, and when the show left off, many of them were still grappling with their feelings. There are also a few major cliffhangers to explore, as well as the ongoing lawsuit launched to investigate the troubling details shared on Hannah's tapes. For a "limited series," there was a lot left hanging in the balance, and though Hannah will no longer be the central focus, it sounds like she'll still be a very present force in 13 Reasons Why, and perhaps even gain some closure to her story.MORE: Selena Gomez Weighs In On 13 Reasons Why Controversy13 Reasons Why season 1 is available for streaming now on Netflix; season 2 is scheduled to arrive in 2018.Source: EW
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[This is a review of the 13 Reasons Why premiere. There will be SPOILERS.]–In recent years, Netflix has been building up its library of original content by introducing critically acclaimed programs like House of Cards and Orange is the New Black, establishing their own corner of the Marvel Cinematic Universe with The Defenders shows, and continuing the legacies of previously cancelled series with Arrested Development, Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life, and Fuller House. Netflix's well of inspiration for their original content is expansive, and their latest offering is an adaptation of the best-selling, award-winning young adult novel, 13 Reasons Why.The premise of both Jay Asher's book and Netflix's original series is rather simple: Clay Jensen (Dylan Minnette) is an average, if socially awkward, high school student who one day receives a box of cassette tapes recorded by his classmate, Hannah Baker (Katherine Langford). The twist, however, is that Clay receives the box of tapes after Hannah has committed suicide and they detail the 13 reasons - namely, people - why she killed herself. It's both a drama and a mystery as Clay listens to the tapes in order to discover why exactly he's included in her story.Netflix's 13 Reasons Why begins with the series premiere, 'Tape 1, Side A', which establishes that each of season 1's 13 episodes will see Clay follow Hannah's story through the reasons why she committed suicide. 13 Reasons Why was adapted from Asher's book by Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Brian Yorkey (Next to Normal), who serves as series creator and writer of 'Tape 1, Side A'. The series premiere was directed by Tom McCarthy (Spotlight) who additionally serves as executive producer on the show, along with pop star/actress Selena Gomez (Spring Breakers).The premiere episode opens roughly a week after Hannah dies, with Clay and the rest of the school dealing with her death in a variety of different ways; Clay seems to be the most haunted by her death and gets lost in memories of her. He's confronted at school by a disgruntled classmate about Hannah's death, though he doesn't understand why, and arrives home to a mysterious package with his name on it, thus beginning his journey through the final year of Hannah's life.As viewers would expect of a series tackling the topic of teen suicide, 'Tape 1, Side A' is a largely dour and dramatic affair, with only brief moments of humor to add a bit of levity - and often these take place within the flashbacks to Clay and Hannah's relationship at the beginning of the year. The stark contrast between Clay during the flashbacks and after Hannah's death is no doubt intentional, and helped along by the cinematography. While his memories of Hannah are tinged in bright, warm colors - yellow, red, orange - Clay's life after her death is painted in blues and greens, even down to his wardrobe.The visual cues - and, at times, the musical ones, particularly when Clay discovers the package of cassette tapes on his front porch - are somewhat heavy-handed but forgivable due to the nature of the story and, in particular, Hannah's blunt way of life. There is an honesty to Hannah, who isn't afraid to wear her heart on her sleeve, particularly in the early days of her story, that allows for the overly obvious cinematography and music - it's her story after all, even if Clay appears to be the character the audience is set to follow through all 13 episodes.Additionally, we'd be remiss not to discuss the obvious nostalgia included in the 13 Reasons Why series premiere. Cassette tapes were out of date even when Asher's novel first debuted a decade ago in 2007, and they're even more old school in Netflix's adapted series. Enough time of 'Tape 1, Side A' is dedicated to Hannah explaining why she used tapes that it's believable, even if slightly unrealistic. Clay, meanwhile, is forced to steal a portable tape player from his friend Tony (Christian Navarro), who is established early on in the episode as a fan of older technology like cassette tapes. Then, of course, there's the soundtrack of Joy Division playing over some of 'Tape 1, Side A', including the end credits song "Love Will Tear Us Apart" that helps to tie together the theme of nostalgia in 13 Reasons Why.Beyond the hook and mystery of Hannah's tapes as well as the series' obvious nostalgia influences, 13 Reasons Why excels due to the performances of its young cast, particularly Minnette and Langford, who play the equally complicated - though exceptionally different - Clay and Hannah to perfection. At times, the writing of Clay tries to force the character into the box of the socially awkward nerd, an old and tired archetype especially in teen dramas, but Minnette brings a charm to him that helps the character break out of that cliche. Similarly, Langford helps Hannah to flourish within the story, grounding her actions when the character could easily fall into the trapping of a manic pixie dream girl.Certainly, the relationship between Clay and Hannah, in the past though it is, is at the core of 13 Reasons Why especially since the arrival of the tapes causes Clay to question everything he had known about his former friend - or, rather, everything he thought he knew. Because, while Clay and Hannah help to ground the series, it is more broadly about extremely realistic issues facing teenagers, including bullying, slut-shaming, the at times cruel dynamics of high school, and, of course, suicide. 'Tape 1, Side A' only scratches the surface of these topics, and promises to explore them in depth through its subsequent 12 episodes, but it's a compelling entry point to a unique story with universal themes.All in all, 13 Reasons Why is an excellent blend of teen drama and mystery that may, in later episodes, be dragged down by its grim tone. The series premiere establishes a compelling question - why did Hannah commit suicide? - that will likely carry viewers through the twists and turns of the season, even those that read the book and know how it all ends. It remains to be seen whether 13 Reasons Why will be able to garner the popularity of other teen dramas like My So-Called Life or Skins, but it certainly sets out to be the next exceptional drama that just so happens to be geared toward teens - and, for the most part, it succeeds.Next: What to Look Out For on Netflix in 201713 Reasons Why season 1 is available in its entirety on Netflix.
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[This is a review of the 13 Reasons Why season 1 finale. There will be SPOILERS.]–Netflix's latest original drama, 13 Reasons Why, comes to a compelling conclusion as Clay (Dylan Minnette) finishing listening to the tapes Hannah (Katherine Langford) recorded before she committed suicide, and decides what to do next. On the surface, 13 Reasons Why is a faithful adaptation of the best-selling YA novel from Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why, following Clay Jensen as he listens to a series of cassette tapes recorded by his classmate/friend/girl for which he pined for a number of years as she tells the story of how her life unraveled and the "reasons" she committed suicide.However, even in the 13 Reasons Why series premiere, it became clear that this particular adaptation would include a great deal more of the story surrounding Clay, Hannah, their families, friends, as well as the students and school faculty members featured on the tapes. In fact, while Clay - and, by extension of the tapes, Hannah - is the main protagonist of 13 Reasons Why, the series puts focus on the likes of Hannah's parents, especially her mother Olivia (Kate Walsh), her classmates Jessica (Alisha Boe) and Justin (Brandon Flynn), and the person Hannah trusted to keep the second copy of the tapes, Tony (Christian Navarro).In the 13 Reasons Why season 1 finale, 'Tape 7, Side A' - written by showrunner Brian Yorkey and directed by Kyle Patrick Alvarez - many of these storylines come to a satisfying conclusion, as many would expect given the standalone nature of Asher's novel. Clay, as number 11 on the tapes and having decided to skip number 12 - Bryce (Justin Prentice), the classmate responsible for raping Jessica and Hannah - passes the box of tapes along to the school's guidance counselor Mr. Porter (Derek Luke) after confronting him about his role in Hannah's suicide.The scene between Clay and Mr. Porter is spliced with the scene in which Hannah tried to ask the counselor for help, hinting at her suicidal thoughts and how she was raped by a classmate. Just as in the series premiere - and throughout the season - the different tones of the cinematography are a stark contrast, with Hannah's being washed in bright, warm light, while Clay's is full of cooler colors. The scene marks an emotionally climactic point in the stories of Clay and Hannah, and is beautifully written to highlight the different goals of each confrontation, keeping the tension high as Clay and Hannah try to get what they came for even as the viewer knows Hannah did not. Both Minnette and Langford demonstrate fantastic performances of their respective characters in the scene, bringing it all together.This particular sequence of Clay's confrontation also follows Hannah through the aftermath of her own discussion with Mr. Porter, which includes her distributing the two sets of cassette tapes and returning home to commit suicide. Netflix precedes this episode with a trigger warning about disturbing images and there's no doubt it was referring to the scene in which Hannah slits her wrists in her bathtub and waits to die. The sequence is unblinking in its portrayal of Hannah killing herself, with the camera not allowing viewers to look away from the moment, then focusing on Hannah's face as she sits and waits.It's a brutally honest sequence, reminiscent of all the other honest moments in 13 Reasons Why as Hannah unflinchingly told her story. The scene is directly followed by Olivia walking into the bathroom some time later to discover Hannah, and the reactions of both Olivia and her husband Andy (Brian d'Arcy James) prove the show's dedication to depicting both sides to every story told throughout the course of season 1. While 13 Reasons Why is ostensibly Hannah's story of why she committed suicide, it's as much the story of how everyone in her life was impacted by her death, which is what makes the series so successfully compelling.Aside from the emotionally moving scenes of Clay and Hannah's emotional turning points, 'Tape 7, Side A' also spends a great deal of time wrapping up various other story threads. Jessica breaks up with Justin, who has left his mother's house for good and is emotionally unraveling from the fallout of his actions; Jessica also makes a decision of how to proceed after learning the truth of what happened at her party, starting off by telling Clay not to turn over Hannah's tapes, then beginning to tell her father.Tony, who has struggled throughout season 1 with how to handle the task Hannah left him with, gives Hannah's parents digital copies of her tapes. Mr. Porter is shown finishing listening to Hannah's tapes when the school principal rushes in to tell him Alex Standall (Miles Heizer) - a student included on Hannah's tapes - has shot himself and is in critical condition. Elsewhere, Clay reaches out to his fellow classmate and former friend Skye (Sosie Bacon) and they leave school together with Tony and Tony's boyfriend Brad (Henry Zaga).These final scenes seem to hint 13 Reasons Why sets the stage for a second season, but also work as an open-ended conclusion to the series if the show's creators and Netflix decide not to continue on. It's a satisfactory conclusion as is, portraying the far-reaching effects of not only Hannah's suicide but the events leading up to her death as well. Whether or not Netflix grants the show a second season, 13 Reasons Why set out to tell a difficult story in the most honest way possible, and in that much, it greatly succeeds.Next: 13 Reasons Why Is A Step Forward For TV’s Portrayal of Rape13 Reasons Why season 1 is available in its entirety on Netflix.
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
13 Reasons Why has added seven new actors to its season 2 cast. The show, which debuted on Netflix last spring, was renewed in May after a wave of controversy. Its unflinching depiction of issues like bullying, suicide, and sexual assault was to some revolutionary, and to others both troubling and deeply problematic. The first season, based on Jay Asher's 2007 novel of the same name, focused on Hannah Baker (Katherine Langford), a high school teen who takes her own life and leaves behind a series of tapes detailing each of the people and reasons she deems responsible.By the finale episode, Baker's story (at least from her perspective) had finished, seemingly positioning the drama as a limited series. That, combined with the rampant backlash that followed, led many viewers to believe it may not get a second shot on screen. But its overwhelming popularity ultimately won out, and writers found a way to continue the narrative from different points of view.Now, Variety reports 13 Reasons Why has added a number of new faces to the fold, including Anne Winters (Tyrant, The Fosters), Chelsea Alden (American Horror Story), Allison Miller (Incorporated), Samantha Logan (Melissa & Joey), Kelli O’Hara (Masters Of Sex), Ben Lawson (Doubt), and Bryce Cass (2016's Cruel Intentions). None of the actors will be series regulars, but many will appear in a majority of the episodes throughout the season.O’Hara, a Broadway vet and Tony winner, will play Jackie, a “warm, intelligent” anti-bullying advocate; Logan, who portrayed Tia Stevens on The Fosters, has been cast as Nina, a “well-respected track star with a secret"; Lawson will play Liberty High’s beloved baseball coach, Rick; and Miller will take on Sonya, a “smart and ambitious young litigator.” Other students include head cheerleader and resident "it girl" Chloe (Winters), “cynical mischief maker” Cyrus (Cass), and Cyrus’ artistic sister Mackenzie (Alden).13 Reasons Why season 2 is expected to revolve around the lawsuit filed by Hannah's parents against the high school after finding they may have played a complicit part in her death, and that her counselor may have overlooked (or at worst, outright ignored) her admission of suicidal thoughts. It's not yet clear what role, if any, these new characters will play in that, but it reaffirms the show's intent to explore other sides of Hannah's story, including pivoting to a new narrator. Whether or not that will be enough to assuage previous criticisms remains to be seen, but all eyes will certainly be on 13 Reasons Why when it returns.Next: 13 Reasons Why Showrunner Offers Season 2 Story Hints13 Reasons Why season 1 is available for streaming now on Netflix; season 2 is scheduled to arrive in 2018.Source: Variety
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The cast of Netflix original series 13 Reasons Why is being fleshed out for the show’s second season, with four new names now attached to appear in the next slate of episodes. 13 Reasons Why season 1 became a hit earlier this year, adapting the young adult novel of the same name by Jay Asher and tackling usually-taboo topics of bullying, suicide and rape in graphic detail. Though controversy has swirled around how some of the scenes were presented to viewers, the show was renewed back in May.Focusing on the story of Hannah Baker (Katherine Langford), season 1 delivered the details of how the young teen would take her own life after being forced to deal with bullying throughout her high school life. Before killing herself however, Hannah would record a series of cassette tapes and leave them behind for those she deemed responsible for her decision, demanding that they each listen to her ’13 reasons’. Though the entirety of Asher’s novel was told in the first season, the roster of characters that viewers got to know throughout those episodes will be making a return in season 2.Related: Selena Gomez Responds to 13 Reasons Why ControversyThanks to the details provided about four new characters (via Deadline) joining the show in 13 Reasons Why season 2, we now have a better idea of whose stories we may be delving deeper into this season. Jake Weber (Medium) and Brenda Strong (Supergirl) have signed on to play Barry and Nora Walker; parents to rapist Bryce (Justin Prentice) and well-respected members of the community. Criminal Minds alum Meredith Monroe will play Alex’s mother Carolyn, while R.J. Brown (The Carrie Diaries) is stepping into the role of Tony’s boxing trainer Caleb. They join the previously-announced 7 new additions to season 2.Bringing Bryce’s parents onboard means that we should be seeing the character face some consequences for his criminal actions in season 1. He was a guy who felt no remorse about raping girls, but when the first season wrapped, we hadn’t yet seen any justice dealt out. Whether or not his parents will stand by their son however remains to be seen; being described as “pillars of the community” however, we wouldn’t be surprised if they tried to brush the entire ordeal under the carpet. Alex’s mother will of course be dealing with her son’s own attempted suicide, while Caleb should be providing some comic relief, with the character described as having “a warm smile and a wry sense of humor”.Bringing some new faces on board will certainly reinvigorate the show - and with the plot now being completely original and away from anything Asher wrote in the novel, they could provide some stellar moments that will be new to both long-time fans and those who have recently joined the ranks. There are plenty of predicted paths that 13 Reasons Why season 2 could go down, but now these additions could bring something entirely different to viewers.Then again, with so many stories still ongoing from the first season, it would be a shame for the series to get bogged down with inconsequential sub-plots and filler content. Hopefully, the new cast additions will help rather than hinder tell the next part of the 13 Reasons Why story.NEXT: How 13 Reasons Why Created An Authentic Teen Experience13 Reasons Why season 2 is expected premiere on Netflix in 2018.Source: Deadline
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
13 Reasons Why star Christian Navarro is hoping the series returns for a second season. Netflix's latest hit has already become the most tweeted about TV show of 2017, just a month after its release. Based on Jay Asher's YA book of the same name, 13 Reasons Why retrospectively follows Hannah Baker through her final few days before she decides to take her own life. Thanks to the 13 cassette tapes she leaves behind, we are introduced to the characters in her life that influenced her, and, ultimately, her decision.One character that features heavily in the show, is Tony, played by Christian Navarro. Tony is responsible for delivering Hannah's tapes to the intended recipients, and he also provides friendship and mentorship to Clay (Dylan Minnette). The character almost exists entirely separately to the rest of Hannah's peers; he is quieter, more introspective, and infinitely more mature. He almost seems to come from a different time and place.With the popularity of 13 Reasons Why, comes the now near certainty of a second season pickup. Whether a second season is needed seems almost irrelevant; it will happen owing to the show's huge popularity and ever-growing fanbase. What form that second season could take remains to be seen; with so many unanswered questions at the end of season one, there are plenty of storylines to explore.One such possible thread is the relationship between Tony and Hannah; she trusted him enough to have him get her a tape recorder, and to deliver the tapes after her death, but we never know exactly how close they were. Speaking to EW, Navarro says there's definitely more story to be told:"We have secrets, none that I choose to reveal right now, but hopefully we get to explore it in a second season. I think there’s a lot more to the story.”Those secrets are pertaining to the backstories that both Navarro and Katherine Langford have given their characters, since Tony is a minor character in the book, and Asher hasn't written a sequel, so any second season of 13 Reasons Why will be entirely original. The show could also explore the aftermath of the tapes; what motivated Alex to try and take his own life; what Tyler intends to do with a bag full of guns and ammo; whether Bryce will be arrested for rape; and, for Navarro, whether his character will shoulder some of the blame for Hannah's death, even though he was never the subject of one of her tapes:“I think that he’s culpable in a lot of ways for holding onto these tapes, so he’s got to pay some sort of consequence in that regard.”Unless a second season chooses to go back in time, there will need to be a new protagonist, and, if keeping the same format, a new narrator. Could we see Tony's own account, maybe titled 14 Reasons Why?NEXT: 13 Reasons Why Author Wants Season 213 Reasons Why is available for streaming on NetflixSource: EW
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
13 Reasons Why has started filming its second season, ready for a 2018 release. Though no exact release date has been confirmed, with filming underway, and a 6-8 month shoot expected, it seems logical to assume we can expect season 2 of the controversial drama to arrive around a year after season one first aired. Following Hannah Baker (Katherine Langford), a high school student who decided to take her own life, 13 Reasons Why tackled sensitive issues of bullying, rape, and suicide, head on, and made no apologies for doing so.With an ensemble cast, including Dylan Minnette, Alisha Boe, Christian Navarro, and Justin Prentice, 13 Reasons Why became a huge hit despite its controversy, and made instant stars of its cast. A second season of 13 Reasons Why is something many questioned there being any need for - though given the show's popularity, its renewal was almost inevitable.Navarro, who plays Tony in the show, confirmed that filming had started on 13 Reasons Why season 2, via his Twitter account:Day One. S2. Ready to make some magic. — Christian Navarro (@ChristianLN0821) June 12, 2017 13 Reasons Why season 1 was based on the YA novel of the same name by Jay Asher, but there is no second book on which to base the second season on. As such, it's down to showrunner Brian Yorkey to come up with a compelling enough storyline that fans will take on board and respond to as well as they did with the first season.Despite season 1 following Hannah, and showing her suicide in graphic detail, Langford will return in season 2. There will be a different narrator this time around (place your bets), and the show will look at Hannah's story as seen by other characters, giving further insight into what her peers, parents, and teachers thought of her. The show will once again jump between past and present, with the ongoing court case between Hannah's parents and the school still playing a part. Also in the present are a number of unresolved cliffhangers from the seaon one finale, that will hopefully be addressed. Alex seems to have shot himself, and whether he lives or dies should (we assume) become apparent pretty early on in season 2. Fans are also waiting to see if Tyler is going to try and carry out the school shooting that he seemed to be gearing up for, or whether that crisis can be averted.The overwhelming issue that fans want to see tackled, though, is for Bryce to face justice for his rape of Hannah and Jessica. At the end of season 1, Jessica had found the courage to tell her father what had happened, while Clay had taped Bryce's confession and handed it over to the school guidance counselor. While that tape/ forced confession might not be admissible in court, it must surely have ramifications for him in some way, and Jessica needs to be given help to deal with events. With 13 Reasons Why now filming, we might well get a clue to some of the storylines over the next few months, but we'll get our answers for sure, when season 2 arrives on Netflix.NEXT: Selena Gomez Responds to 13 Reasons Why Controversy13 Reasons Why season 1 is available for streaming now on Netflix.Source: Christian Navarro
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Warning: Spoilers for 13 Reasons Why Season 2At the heart of 13 Reasons Why Season 2 is a court case meant to decide who was responsible for Hannah Baker's suicide. Ultimately, Hannah was responsible for her own death, but there were a multitude of events leading up to it which could, or should be to blame. A lot other events depicted across the entirety of 13 Reasons Why also came about thanks to many failings.For one school, Liberty High certainly has a lot of tragedies happen. Not only did Hannah Baker commit suicide, but Bryce raped Jessica and Hannah, Justin was neglected by his mom, Alex attempted suicide and Tyler was brutally beaten and sexually assaulted, before attempting to carry out a school shooting. There are certainly issues within the walls of Liberty High but are they, as Hannah's parents claim, responsible for Hannah's death due to their neglect?At the end of 13 Reasons Why Season 2, the school are found not guilty after a long and intense court battle, where the defense tried to discredit Hannah and her friends, as the prosecution attempted to highlight the failings of the school. Undoubtedly, the school let Hannah and many others down, but are they really responsible for her choice to end her life?This Page: Who's Really To Blame For Hannah Baker's Suicide?Page 2: What Liberty High Did WrongHannah Baker Did Know HappinessHannah's decision was made after many twists and turns that, frankly, are part of growing up for a lot of teenagers. Thanks to 13 Reasons Why Season 2, we now know she was happy in the summer of her sophomore year when she was in a relationship with Zach. She also had a crush on Clay, and always liked being around him. She had disagreements with friends - namely Alex, Jessica and Courtney - that weren't great, yet wouldn't have triggered most teenagers to be contemplating suicide.She was though, as Tony says, "a drama." Hannah was a victim, sure, but she was in no way blameless for the disagreements between friends. Zach made some stupid mistakes, and Marcus was a jerk to her, but again, they didn't do enough to be culpable.One Event Was The Final TriggerBryce Walker played a large part in Hannah's decision to take her own life. When he raped her in the hot tub, he not only violated her physically, but he destroyed her mentally and emotionally too. For an already unstable and vulnerable teenager, it all proved too much. Hannah sought out the school guidance counselor, Mr. Porter, to ask for help, but when she refused to name her rapist he told her there was nothing he could do.Should he have listened better? Of course. Hannah was clearly not in a good place and desperately needed help and a guidance counselor, of all people, should have recognized that. If we're pointing the finger at those who never listened or noticed Hannah's anguish, though, then we also need to look at Olivia and Andy Baker.Hannah's Parents Are Not Blame FreeHannah's parents seemed loving, attentive, and everything you'd expect from parents of a teenager; a little overprotective at times but overall they were doing good. Except... their daughter was driven to suicide and they didn't pick up on her becoming more withdrawn or upset. They didn't push for answers just like Mr. Porter didn't, just like Clay didn't, just like Tony didn't. Liberty High is guilty of neglect, but then, by the same token, so is everyone else. Hannah Baker had mental health issues that someone, somewhere should have picked up on. That way, she could have healed.Take a look at Jessica; for a while, it looked like she would be the next tragedy. Drinking heavily and in total denial, Jessica was headed down a dangerous path until Clay and Justin forced her to face up to what had happened. Her dad was that all-important listening ear, and in 13 Reasons Why Season 2, we see that Jessica is sleeping in her parents room, and that her dad sits with her every night until she falls asleep. Jessica is also attending a help group and gradually realizes that she doesn't need to let her rape define her anymore. All of that only came about because Clay and Justin were so hyper-aware of what happened to Hannah that they refused to let it happen again. Her parents, too, made sure to accompany her to the school in order to make sure she was safe in their care.Page 2 of 2: What Liberty High Did Wrong
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
13 Reasons Why season 2 will arrive on Netflix soon, and first look photos hint at rising tensions and trouble for Tony. 13 Reasons Why arrived on Netflix last year amid a whirlwind of controversy. Following Hannah Baker's decision to commit suicide, the show also dealt with many other issues such as bullying, rape, and substance abuse. The show suffered a backlash from concerned parents and others who felt the show glorified these issues, but 13 Reasons Why proved itself to be a huge hit, despite the heavy subject matter.Fans had been eagerly awaiting the arrival of season 2, which has now been given the release date of May 18th, and Netflix also released a short teaser. 13 Reasons Why's first season relied on old cassette tapes to tell its narrative, and now it seems as though photos will be used to continue the story in season 2. The teaser showed many characters outwardly having fun and behaving as normal, while Polaroids swirling about the screen told a very different story indeed.Now, EW has released first look images from 13 Reasons Why season 2 that confirm the show won't shy away from tackling difficult subjects again. See the photos below.Most notably, two of the images focus on the court case that Hannah's parents have brought against the school. In one, Olivia Baker (Kate Walsh) stands on the steps of the courthouse surrounded by press, while another shows Jessica (Alisha Boe) testifying in court, holding two photos as examples of the abuse she suffered from peers. There's also an image of Clay (Dylan Minnette) talking with Hannah (Katherine Langford) - who we're told will appear in flashbacks.At the end of season 1, Bryce confessed to raping Jessica and Hannah, and though the teaser trailer showed he was still a violent threat to women, it looks like his actions are beginning to have consequences; in the image released today, Mr. Porter is pinning him to a wall. Having listened to Hannah's tapes, he knows all about Bryce's behavior.Finally, we see fan-favorite Tony crying in the arms of a new character, Caleb (RJ Brown), following damage to his prized classic car. The teaser also hinted at some troublesome times for Tony ahead; repercussions for him distributing Hannah's tapes, maybe, or homophobic abuse? While we're still not totally clear on what course 13 Reasons Why will take in its second season, it certainly looks to be just as hard-hitting and emotional as season 1.Next: 13 Reasons Why Season 2: Every Update You Need To Know13 Reasons Why season 1 is available to stream on Netflix now. Season 2 will arrive on May 18th.Source: EW
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
13 Reasons Why Season 2 is changing up its plot device: instead of tapes from beyond the grave, this next run of episodes will be centered on polaroids. The new storyline for Netflix's controversial teen series is said to focus on accountability, with the show this time honing in on serial sexual assault. All this adds up to Bryce Walker having to pay for his crimes - and the new retro technology could be the thing that brings him and the other guilty students of Liberty High down.Hannah Baker certainly attempted to get people talking about the shady goings-on at her school, but in the end, it wasn't enough: while her cassette tape confessional turned some students against each other and has seemingly set her mother on a mission to uncover the truth, Hannah's accusations basically boil down to he/she said. Many of her former friends and classmates accused her of lying, and in the case of Zach Dempsey, we learned definitively that Hannah's version of the truth was not Zach's truth; he had actually kept the note she thought he had callously thrown away on his person. These misunderstandings may have aided in covering up many of the characters' questionable actions, but that may all change in season 2.13 Reasons Why season 2 will center on a series of polaroids that will lead the students of Liberty High to unravel a terrible mystery. This changeup is necessary narrative-wise and opens up some new storytelling aspects. As previously stated, Hannah's tapes could be easily refuted and written off as hearsay or gossip. While some of the recipients of the tapes took it upon themselves to explore the viability behind Hannah's accusations, little evidence has actually been uncovered at this point in the story. Even Clay Jensen's recording of Bryce's confession is weak; he never actually straight out admitted to anything and could have been talking about a simple flirtation when taken out of context.With a photo in hand, these teenagers' misdeeds will be a lot more difficult to deny. Pictures of Bryce assaulting a passed out partygoer are almost certain to lead to a conviction, with or without a confession. We've already seen that Tyler Down isn't above stalking his friends and his clandestine photo of Hannah and Courtney Crimsen led to ridicule and gossip about the girls' sexual orientation. The ladies may have hoped they weren't recognizable in the picture, but their classmates easily put the pieces together. Obviously, when the stakes are higher, the results will be more traumatizing and life-changing for a pictured student.There is one loophole that the kids of Liberty High may be able to exploit: even photos can be deceiving. Take, for example, Hannah's unfortunate upskirt photo on a playground slide; what began as an innocent night out with a potential boyfriend quickly spiraled out of control when Justin Foley showed his buddies a badly time photo of Hannah lying on the slide with her skirt pushed up. Anyone who knows the truth of that incident, or maybe just a really savvy perpetrator, may be able to talk away their crimes and convince those around them that the photos are just a case of being at the wrong place at the right time.But given the season's focus on redemption, this seems very unlikely. For 13 Reasons Why season 2, a picture could be worth 1,000 of Hannah Baker's tape-recorded words.Next: Who Is 13 Reasons Why Season 2’s New Narrator?13 Reasons Why season 2 will be available to stream on Netflix May 18.
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
13 Reasons Why season 1 adapted Jay Asher's book of the same name, depicting the events that lead up to the suicide of Hannah Baker. Upon her death, Hannah left behind 13 retro cassette tapes, each listing 'reasons why' she took her own life. More specifically, these 'reasons' were actually people whose actions had contributed to her decision. 13 Reasons Why was a huge hit, despite much controversy surrounding the show and criticism from parenting groups who said it glorified suicide.If anything, 13 Reasons Why actually delivered a stronger anti-suicide message than its source material; mainly because they made many alterations from the book, including having Hannah slit her wrists rather than take an overdose. This was a deliberate decision from showrunner Brian Yorkey, who wanted to show that suicide was not an easy choice. Throughout the course of season one, Hannah appeared both as the narrator of the tapes and also in flashback as the viewers traveled through the last few months of her life. Hannah's story was a tragic tale, and equally as heartbreaking was the effect it had on her parents, who ultimately decided to sue the school for negligence. As season one drew to a close, Hannah's peers who had been the subjects of the tapes, were subpoenaed to testify in the case.Related: What To Expect From 13 Reasons Why Season 313 Reasons Why ran out of source material at the end of season one, but Netflix quickly renewed it for season 2 due to its strong reception. The questions everyone had were 'why' and 'how?' Why was a show, which was perfectly contained in one outstanding season, renewed for another when it had served its purpose and could stand alone? How would the show return, now that we'd heard the tale of its main protagonist?This Page: The Court Case and Hanna's GhostPage 2: What it Should Have Been AboutThe Court Case Was The Link Between Seasons One And TwoThe court case that the Baker's brought against the school turned out to be the event that leads us into season two, but it wasn't ever going to be enough to sustain our interest. We learn that Olivia and Andy Baker have split up and that he's moved in with another woman. Olivia is far from over Hannah's death - not that you ever really would be - but because of the court case she's finding it even harder to move on with life. We hear from each of the tapes subjects in turn, and, frustratingly, the bulk of almost all the episodes in season 2 revolve around the person in the dock telling Hannah's story from their own perspective.The problem is, we already know it. There are a few revelations, such as Hannah and Zach's summer fling, and her recreational drug use with Clay, but there is nothing in this retelling that we needed to know as a viewer. If anything, it makes Hannah's fate have less of an impact since we learn she had major flaws; it's like her story is being watered down and we begin to care less. The court case drags; season two had no reason at all to be 13 episodes long and as a consequence, there's a lot of slow moments. At the end of season 2, Olivia Baker looks set to move to New York. It would have been far better if this had happened at the end of season one; we could have picked up season 2 with the court case having already taken place, and 13 Reasons Why could have moved on.Having Hannah Baker As A Ghost Was Ridiculous13 Reasons Why has given us many outstanding performances, and Katherine Langford was certainly one. During season 1, she played Hannah with a sweet but troubled vulnerability which made us feel so desperately sad about her fate, and her scenes with Clay (Dylan Minnette) were wonderful. It's easy enough to see why Yorkey didn't want to dispense with one of his most popular pairings, especially when you consider 13 Reasons Why's fervent teenage fanbase, and in particular Clay and Hannah's fans.All good things must come to an end, though, and there was no need at all to bring Hannah back as a ghost who not only lingers ominously in nearly all of  Clay's scenes, but now walks, talks, and interacts with him too. Ultimately, all this does is reduce 13 Reasons Why from an intense, uncomfortable but realistic portrayal of teenagers lives, to nothing more than a melodrama. Minnette is a strong enough actor; he didn't need Hannah's ghost to talk to for us to know he was working through some major issues. We wouldn't have expected him to be over Hannah's death, but this could have been showcased in so many other ways, not least by his conversations with his parents, teachers, and peers. Hannah's return made a mockery of the seriousness of the show, and it's no wonder critics were so mixed in their reviews. Not only was the continuing court case unnecessary, so was Hannah's presence, especially when there was so many other storylines building that were far more compelling.
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Netflix dropped a teaser for 13 Reasons Why announcing the season 2 premiere date. Fans of the controversial teen drama now have a premiere date, and a new technology to look forward to. The first season famously relied on a series of cassette tapes to propel the narrative. This season will rely on a series of compromising polaroids to uncover a dangerous school secret as various characters fight to reveal (or hide) the truth behind Hannah Baker's death.13 Reasons Why was riddled with controversy from the start. Some viewers felt it was a necessary discussion on the troubles young people face, from sexual assault to mental health issues and suicide. Others accused Netflix of glorifying and romanticizing these issues, perhaps causing fans to consider suicide as a viable option where they wouldn't have before viewing the show's heavy subject matter. There was backlash as parents of suffering children pleaded with Netflix to take the show down and those with mental health issues accused the streaming site of triggering unsuspecting viewers. But in spite of the controversy, or maybe because of it, 13 Reasons Why became the top-trending series of 2017. So, naturally, there's going to be a second season.Netflix revealed the 13 Reasons Why season 2 premiere date in an announcement teaser today. The short clip, posted above, depicts several popular characters, including Tony Padilla, Jessica Davis, and Clay Jensen, being bombarded with threats of silence and a whirlwind of seemingly revealing polaroids before the May 18 release date is revealed. The characters seem to be normal teenagers going about their daily routines, but the photos unveil the darkness underneath. Showrunners promised a new retro technology would take center stage in season 2, leaving fans to wonder what would replace Hannah's iconic cassette tapes. It seems we now have the answer. Check out the full video above.Though the 13 Reasons Why teaser is short and depicts still-life scenes of the teen characters, it is still clear that the heavy themes will remain present throughout season 2. Jessica is shown happily playing with her phone, while a polaroid shows she is secretly crying inside. Jessica was a victim of sexual assault in season 1. Bryce Walker is shown lounging at a party with friends, while his photo shows a partygoer passed out next to him, indicating his status as a violent and dangerous abuser. Despite the controversy and backlash sparked by season 1, Netflix doesn't look to be pulling its punches with this upcoming season.To combat the heavy subject material, Netflix rolled trigger warnings before relevant episodes and urged viewers to seek help from hotlines in season 1. The streaming company will be doubling its efforts to shield vulnerable viewers from the traumatic events that take place in the series in season 2. Via the official website, 13ReasonsWhy.info discussion guides and videos featuring the cast exploring the matters of bullying, drug abuse, and sexual assault will be available to those in need.More: What 13 Reasons Why Can Do About Its School Shooting Storyline13 Reasons Why season 2 will premiere Friday, May 18 on Netflix.Source: Netflix
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
UPDATE: Now it's officially renewed, here's everything you need to know about 13 Reasons Why Season 3.13 Reasons Why Season 2Release Date: Not yet confirmed.Cast: Dylan Minnette, Katherine Langford, Christian Navarro, Alisha Boe, Brandon Flynn, Justin Prentice, Miles Heizer, Ross ButlerDirector: TBAWriters: Brian Yorkey, others TBA13 Reasons Why Season 2 sees almost all of the original cast returning; Dylan Minnette is back as the show's central character, Clay, with Christian Navarro alongside him as the enigmatic Tony. Katherine Langford will once again portray Hannah Baker in flashback scenes, though she will not be the narrator this time. Alisha Boe is back as Jessica, who will be trying to rebuild her life after her rape ordeal, and Brandon Flynn and Justin Prentice are back as Justin and Bryce, respectively; the latter of which is likely to be trying to salvage what was a promising college football scholarship after he confessed to raping Jessica. Alex (Miles Heizer) is also set to return, his condition unclear after being rushed to hospital with a gunshot wound.It's not yet confirmed if Devin Druid will be back as Tyler. In the finale, he was heading to school with a backpack full of ammo and guns, and we've yet to find out if his intentions are as they appear. Finally, Kate Walsh and Brian d'Arcy James are back as Hannah's parents; trying to make sense of the loss of their daughter and also bringing legal action against the school.Read More: 13 Reasons Why Season 2 is Full of Flashbacks, but Not Between Hannah and ClayThere Are at Least 11 New Cast Members In 13 Reasons Why Season 2Beyond the returners, the cast has expanded for 13 Reasons Why Season 2, with several new additions already revealed. Anne Winters (The Fosters) is Chloe, the new head cheerleader; Chelsea Alden (American Horror Story), plays an artistic student named Mackenzie; Allison Miller (Incorporated) is a tenacious lawyer; Samantha Logan (Melissa & Joey) plays a track star named Nina with a secret; Kelli O’Hara (Masters Of Sex) plays Jackie, a “warm, intelligent” anti-bullying advocate; Ben Lawson (Doubt), plays the 'beloved' basketball coach at Liberty High, and Bryce Cass (2016’s Cruel Intentions) plays Cyrus, Mackenzie's mischievous brother.Also added into the mix is Brenda Strong (Supergirl) and Jake Weber (Medium) as the parents of Bryce Walker, Meredith Monroe (Criminal Minds) as Alex's mom, and R.J. Brown (The Carrie Diaries) as Tony's boxing trainer. The addition of these adults suggests we will see more of life away from Liberty High as well, and get a good look at how the teenagers relate to the important grown ups in their lives.13 Reasons Why Season 1 Ended With a Number of Cliffhangers13 Reasons Why Season 1 focused predominantly on the suicide of Hannah Baker, and the events leading up to her death. The story was told both in the present and in flashback, with each episode focused on a tape left behind by Hannah, in which she singled out one person to talk about. As it turned out, each of the subjects in Hannah's tapes had her blood on their hands, and her treatment by a number of people led to her taking such a devastating decision. However, Hannah's parents blame the school; and one tape certainly makes the school counselor culpable; Hannah had been to him to ask for help and he had dismissed her out of hand. The Bakers are now suing the school for negligence.Related: 13 Reasons Why: Hannah Will Be ‘Very Different’ in Season 213 Reason Why Season 2's Storyline is Shrouded in MysteryThere's been a great deal of secrecy surrounding the exact storylines for 13 Reasons Why Season 2. We do know that it will pick up with the characters trying to rebuild their lives. At the end of Season 1, Jessica found the courage to tell her dad that she'd been raped, and her recovery will be a big part of Season 2. The show is also going to focus on the court case brought by Hannah's parents (although her story was laid to rest at the end of Season 1).Then there's Clay, a likable teen just trying to keep moving forward. He's still going to be coming to terms with the tapes that Hannah left behind, but what that actually means for him is anyone's guess. There's said to be a new narrator for Season 2, and it seems likely that it will be either Clay, or Tony. We knew very little of Tony in Season 1 despite him featuring heavily, so Season 2 could be the perfect opportunity to expand upon his character. There won't be any more tapes, though that doesn't rule out some other form of retro electronics, of course.The closest we have to an official synopsis comes in the form of a tweet from Netflix which said season 2 will look at "the way we raise boys up into men, and the way we treat girls and women in our culture- and what we could do better in both cases." What we do know for sure, is that 13 Reasons Why has already finished with its source material. The original book, by Jay Asher, was brought to life in season one, so Season 2 is entirely fresh storytelling. With allegations of sexual harassment made against him, the show has moved forward without any input from the author.Read More: 13 Reasons Why Season 2 Has a New Narrator, Re-Explores Season 1No Premiere Date For 13 Reasons Why Season 2 is SetAt the time of writing, no premiere date has been given for 13 Reasons Why Season 2. Many had speculated that it would arrive on March 31st; exactly a year after season one made its debut, but that never happened. Rumors exist suggesting that the season will drop suddenly and without warning.Read More: What’s Going On With 13 Reasons Why Season 2’s Release?Who's Directed 13 Reasons Why Season 2?Brian Yorkey remains as showrunner for 13 Reasons Why Season 2, and Selena Gomez is once again one of the executive producers. However, directors names for Season 2 haven't yet been announced. Gregg Araki took the helm of 4 episodes in Season 1, so he could well return for some of Season 2.There's a Big Change on the 13 Reasons Why Writing TeamJay Asher's name is not on the writing team for 13 Reasons Why Season 2; Netflix has been quick to distance themselves from him after allegations of sexual harassment, clearly stating that he was not involved in the new season in any way. While no writers have been officially named, we can expect a team to have written season 2 with Yorkey; names that wrote for season one include Nic Sheff, and Rohit Kumar.There Is No Trailer for 13 Reasons Why Season 2At the time of writing, there is no trailer for 13 Reasons Why Season 2. However, some of the cast has recorded a new warning video that will play in front of Season 2, encouraging teens to talk about any issues they may have. The warning also urges them to watch the show with a trusted adult if they're feeling vulnerable, or maybe avoid it altogether. Whether this will stop the massive controversy like we saw from Season 1, remains to be seen.There Is No Poster for 13 Reasons Why Season 2 EitherAs well as there being no trailer for 13 Reasons Why Season 2, there's no poster yet, either. With the release of Season 2 imminent, it surely can't be too far off. We'll update this page as soon as it drops.MORE TV HUB PAGESGame of Thrones Season 8Stranger Things Season 3A Series of Unfortunate Events Season 3The Handmaid's Tale Season 213 Reasons Why Season 2 will arrive on Netflix in 2018. Season one is available for streaming now.
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
13 Reasons Why Season 2 is almost here - but when exactly will you be able to watch it? The first season of the show proved a massive success for Netflix; taking a retrospective look at the life of teenage suicide victim Hannah Baker, 13 Reasons Why also dealt with the themes of bullying, rape, drugs, and gun violence. The show prompted many complaints from outraged and concerned parents who felt as though the show glorified suicide, though arguably it served as a deterrent to many impressionable teenagers and encouraged them to speak out.13 Reasons Why has built a strong and passionate fanbase, and despite running out of source material, a renewal was inevitable. 13 Reasons Why Season 2 picks up about 6 months after the events of Season 1, and Hannah's parents are deep into their court case against the school district. They - and their lawyers - have also heard all of Hannah's tapes. How this will impact upon the legal proceedings remains to be seen, but they're bound to cause some major issues.13 Reasons Why Season 2 will be available on Netflix from May 18th. Like most Netflix Originals, it will drop at midnight PST/3am EST/8am BST.Season 2's release does pose some problems given school exams, something Netflix is aware of; they have suggested that parents use the PIN feature to block access to 13 Reasons Why if they're concerned about it being a distraction or potentially influencing an already vulnerable and stressed child. Each episode will also be preceded with a warning video from 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minette, Katherine Langford, Alisha Boe, and Justin Prentice.The end of 13 Reasons Why Season 1 left Jessica about to tell her beloved dad that she was raped by Bryce. Trailers for season 2 have already revealed that knowledge of his crimes come to light, but will it all be ignored or swept aside in order that he can preserve his golden boy image? Will Jessica be blamed for letting it happen? There are so many threads to pick up in 13 Reasons Why Season 2 that it's almost impossible to keep tabs on them all; Alex Standall had attempted suicide, Tyler was in school with a backpack full of guns, Justin had skipped town, and Clay was falling apart - and that's only the beginning.For all of those reasons and more, fans are eagerly awaiting the return of 13 Reasons Why. The question now is whether to stay up all night for a full-season binge!Next: What 13 Reasons Why Can Do About Its School Shooting Storyline13 Reasons Why Season 2 arrives on Netflix from May 18th.
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Netflix is inching toward a season 2 renewal for 13 Reasons Why, their recently debuted teen drama. Adapted from Jay Asher's bestselling YA novel of the same name, the series traces the events that led up to the suicide of protagonist Hannah Baker, confronting issues like bullying and sexual assault with bracing candor.When the show premiered in late March, it quickly drew in critical acclaim, inciting early buzz for a potential season 2. All of the material from Asher's book had been covered, but even he was on board for a second season, and the 13 Reasons Why cast has been vocal about their confidence that there's more story to tell. However, the weeks since have been marred by backlash from mental health organizations. Critics have publicly chastised the project for its graphic depiction of Hannah's death, pointing to both that specific scene and the broader story as potentially glamorizing self-harm. Still, fans have continued to press for another batch of episodes, and it seems Netflix is already circling a decision.As reported by THR, the streaming giant is nearing a deal for a second season. The outlet's sources confirmed the writer's room had already been at work for some time, though Netflix declined to comment. Earlier this week, news broke that Riverdale was recasting the role of Reggie, played by 13 Reasons Why's Ross Butler (Zach) — an announcement that seemed to further indicate that the second season had been green lit. No official confirmation has been given as of yet, but the mounting evidence quite strongly hints that it's a go.A renewal would be an undoubtedly controversial move, but not all that surprising. The social media response to 13 Reasons Why suggests the show was a hit numbers wise, and despite the adverse reaction, its positive reviews remain. As a whole, it was a poignant, gripping, and thought-provoking narrative much in line with the prestige content with which Netflix has built a reputation.That being said, its detractors have a point. As much as the story served as a powerful wake-up call to listen a little closer and be a little kinder, it also put the blame for Hannah's death almost exclusively on outside forces and failed to address Hannah's own mental health in a meaningful way. Those are problematic oversights, and producers should take note.If 13 Reasons Why does get a season 2, it will need to proceed carefully, but if it can course-correct its missteps, it has the potential to make a truly, deeply powerful mark on television.Next: Should Netflix Make A Second Season of 13 Reasons Why?13 Reasons Why season 1 is now streaming on Netflix.Source: THR
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
13 Reasons Why season 2 is not yet released, but it's already courting controversy with the set-up for a school shooting storyline. The show was picked up for a second season almost immediately after season 1 had arrived on Netflix. The combination of a talented cast and an intense, realistic storyline tackling many issues including suicide, rape, and bullying, meant that viewers related to the show, especially young adults.At present, the exact plot for 13 Reasons Why season 2 is not known, but showrunner Brian Yorkey has said we can expect to pick up just a few months after the events of season 1, when everyone is still trying to come to terms with Hannah's death and her taped 'reasons' for why she killed herself. For some, this will be a healing process; Jessica (Alisha Boe) had summoned the courage to tell her dad that she'd been raped, while Clay (Dylan Minnette) was left hoping that he'd done the right thing by handing over the tapes to Hannah's parents.Related: 13 Reasons Why Showrunner Offers Season 2 Story HintsOthers, however, were left angry, hurting, and alone - especially Tyler. Always an outcast, and deemed a 'weirdo' for  taking so many photographs, Tyler was treated badly by most of the other characters, who refused to let him into their inner circle. Tyler had taken a picture of Hannah and Courtney sharing a kiss and spread it around school - an act that deeply affected Hannah and ended her friendship with Courtney. In revenge, after her death, Clay took a naked picture of Tyler and spread it around school. When the other tape subjects decided to stop Clay from revealing the cassette contents, they refused to allow Tyler to join in on the discussion. Ostracized by everyone, Tyler was last seen loading his backpack with guns and ammo, and heading into school. In his dark room, he had pictures hanging up of all the tape subjects. It's very clear that Tyler is mentally unwell, but will 13 Reasons Why have him carry out a school shooting?With no release date for season 2 given, rumors are circulating online that the show has needed re-edits to omit such scenes. In the wake of the Parkland shooting, and with the debate around gun control raging, that could very well be the case, but it could also be the case that Yorkey never meant for a shooting to be shown, but rather for one to be averted. Speaking to Insider, Yorkey said that season 2 will look more at Tyler's isolation and bullying, and how, in the wake of Hannah's suicide and Alex's attempted suicide, the school community can avoid making the same mistakes. "Hopefully there will be a community that is able to support him in a way that maybe there wasn't for Hannah,” he says.In theory, that's a good thing; it shows Hannah's peers have learned from their mistakes, and that the school is being proactive in its treatment of students with mental health difficulties. But let's think on that a moment. Hannah's peers didn't learn. At the end of 13 Reasons Why season 1, they were all still being completely vile to Tyler - so much so that viewers were inclined to feel sorry for him. None of them had noticed that Alex was dealing with suicidal thoughts, and the school was too wrapped up in the court case brought by Hannah's parents.Related: 13 Reasons Why: Hannah Will Be ‘Very Different’ in Season 2So what's changed? What's made them all suddenly pull together to help Tyler? If a school shooting has been averted when we pick up with season 2, how truly awful is it that the Liberty High Students had to go through that ordeal? A far better turn would be for Tyler to arrive at this decision on his own, and for the viewer to then understand why he decided against it. Then he could be seen getting the help he needs.One of the biggest criticisms of 13 Reasons Why so far has been that suicide was presented as the only option for Hannah - almost glorified because it was the only way out. Arguably, that's how it is for anyone who does take their own life, but many feel that there should have been more of her thought process revolving around whether or not to do it. If season 2 now picks up with Tyler arriving at the decision to shoot his classmates, many can and will argue that it glorifies being a school shooter.This has particular ramifications right now, with the Parkland survivors and their supporters campaigning long and hard for gun reform, while government seeks to appease all sides. That's something Yorkey is highly aware of, and he hopes the show can tap into that and raise awareness:"It's been really remarkable to watch these incredible Parkland students take the conversation forward and carry it when no one else will. Our hope is that Tyler's story in season two will be part of that ongoing conversation and will give more kids a chance to talk about things they've been feeling or things they might be seeing in classmates of theirs."13 Reasons Why has enough shocking and upsetting storylines to deal with; Jessica's recovery; Bryce's comeuppance; Justin's safety and Alex's suicide attempt. It doesn't need to add a school shooting into all of that, especially in such a volatile political climate as we're in right now. Hopefully, the producers and Netflix will have realized this, even if  it does result in a delayed season 2 start.More: 13 Reasons Why Season 2 is Full of FlashbacksSource: Insider
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A new teaser for 13 Reasons Why season 2 suggests that instead of tapes, photographs will be used to continue the narrative. 13 Reasons Why arrived on Netflix in 2017 under a cloud of controversy; the hard hitting drama told the story of Hannah Baker and why she decided to commit suicide. The show also dealt with the topics of bullying, substance abuse, and rape. Despite the uproar from some, 13 Reasons Why was a huge hit, and the show was picked up for a second season.With filming completed some time ago, 13 Reasons Why season 2 still hasn't gotten a premiere date, to the frustration of many, who had hoped it would arrive back in March. Amid rumors of reedits and a delayed launch date, Netflix has not really given anything away regarding the storyline for season 2 or when it could arrive. We know that Hannah won't be the narrator for season 2, but the character will still feature in flashbacks. Season 2 is said to deal with the aftermath of her death; in particular the Baker's lawsuit against the school, as well as Bryce facing justice for his raping of Hannah and Jessica.13 Reasons Why season 1 ended on several cliffhangers; perhaps the most worrisome of these was Tyler, who was in the school's photography department, developing pictures, his backpack loaded with guns. Throughout the season, Tyler had been ostracized by all of his peers; his stalker-like behavior with his camera and his obsession over Hannah Baker led to Clay Jensen spreading a naked photo of him around school, and others dismissing him as a 'weirdo.' Whether or not Tyler's intentions are as they seem to be, and he will attempt a school shooting, remain to be seen. However, a new teaser for 13 Reasons Why season 2 released on Twitter (see the video below) strongly suggests that his photographs will be the new form of media that tells the story, replacing the cassette tapes that Hannah left behind.The truth is developing. pic.twitter.com/rwCobzhbC0— 13 Reasons Why (@13ReasonsWhy) April 30, 2018 The brief, silent teaser shows part of a photo developing, and when it's complete you can see it's Hannah's face. We know Tyler is the only one who enjoys old-school photography, and he took a lot of photos of Hannah. Therefore it seems reasonable to assume Tyler and his pictures will play a big part in season 2. This would also led credence to the theory that Tyler will be the narrator for 13 Reasons Why's second season. While there are many plausible options available, having Tyler telling things from his perspective would give a totally different take on the events that led up to him arming himself and heading into school.In light of the recent Parkland shooting, there were rumors that 13 Reasons Why season 2 was delayed in order that a school shooting scene could be reedited. That's far from confirmed, though, and it's also worth remembering that in the season finale, Alex Standall was rushed to hospital with a gunshot wound to the head. Shortly before leaving the dark room, Tyler had removed a photo of Alex that was hanging up. Did Alex try to commit suicide, or was he shot by Tyler?The teaser doesn't reveal a premiere date for season 2, but it certainly can't be too far off now. Hopefully, a proper trailer for season 2 will be released in the near future.MORE: Every 13 Reasons Why Season 2 Update You Need to Know13 Reasons Why season 1 is available to stream on Netflix now. Season 2 is expected in 2018.Source: Netflix
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
After two very controversial seasons, 13 Reasons Why will return for Season 3, Netflix has confirmed. Originally based on the book of the same name by Jay Asher, 13 Reasons Why exhausted its source material in Season 1, and branched out on its own for Season 2 under showrunner Brian Yorkey. The show originally told the story of Hannah Baker, and her decision to commit suicide. However, 13 Reasons Why has become much more about the lives of a group of teenagers, each of whom is struggling with their own issues.Release Date: Exact date not known, but season 3 will arrive in 2019Cast: None confirmed so far, but it's likely we'll see Dylan Minnette, Alisha Boe, Devin Druid, Christian Navarro, Brandon Flynn, and Miles Heizer all returning to their roles.Directors: To be announced.Writers:  Brian Yorkey, more to be announced.13 Reasons Why has made stars of its young cast, and not without good reason. They've all turned in accomplished, mature performances and although nothing is confirmed yet, it's likely that most of them will return in some capacity. It would be highly unlikely for 13 Reasons Why Season 3 to continue without Dylan Minnette as Clay Jensen, Alisha Boe as Jessica Davis, Christian Navarro as Tony Padilla, Brandon Flynn as Justin Foley, and Miles Heizer as Alex Standall. Those were the central characters from Season 2 along with, of course, Devin Druid as Tyler Down. Certainly, Season 3 will address his storyline, which saw him talked out of carrying out a school shooting by Clay.We could also very well see the return of the new characters introduced in 13 Reasons Why Season 2; most notably Bryce Cass as Cyrus and Anne Winters as Chloe Rice. If Winters does return, that could also mean we'll see more of Justin Prentice as Bryce Walker. He might have moved schools, but Chloe is pregnant with his child.Hannah Baker Won't Return For 13 Reasons Why Season 3The key to keeping a show interesting is changing things up, and that's certainly going to happen in 13 Reasons Why Season 3. Before the show was renewed, Katherine Langford announced she wouldn't be back. Langford gave a superb performance as Hannah Baker in Season 1, but Season 2 was a struggle for her as an actress and viewers, simply because there was no need for the character to return. It's no surprise that Langford wants to pursue other projects now, and Clay has found the closure he needs so it's the right time for the character to be done.Other characters may not return, either. At the end of Season 2, Olivia Baker (Kate Walsh) looked set to move to New York, while others like Marcus, Courtney, and Zach should be going to college. However, don't rule out the writers figuring a way for them to remain in the show somehow.Where 13 Reasons Why's Story Is So Far13 Reasons Why burst onto Netflix in 2017 with the story of Hannah Baker and why she killed herself. The show attracted numerous complaints, from those who claimed it glorified suicide, but the creators and cast of the show have always maintained that it was their intention to shine a light on suicide and highlight the pressures of life facing teenagers today. They've certainly done this. Season 1 also dealt with issues of rape, substance abuse, and bullying, and while some thought it all might ease up in Season 2, it did not.While the Baker parents sued the school for negligence, other problems were brewing. Bryce Walker continued to rape women including his own girlfriend, until Jessica found the courage to testify against him and have him convicted. Alex struggled to come to terms with his failed suicide attempt, having lost his memory when the bullet grazed his skull. Justin tried to overcome heroin addiction while escaping a turbulent home life, and then there was Tyler. An outcast throughout Season 1, things seemed to look up for Tyler when he found a friend in new classmate Cyrus. But Tyler struggled with social acceptance, and his peers continued to relentlessly bully him. It all culminated in a horrific sexual assault by Monty, which led to Tyler arriving at the Spring dance armed with a multitude of guns. Clay managed to talk him out of doing it, and in the final scenes of Season 2, Tyler was whisked away by Tony, leaving Clay holding a rifle, with Jessica and Justin by his side, just as the cops arrived.13 Reasons Why Season 3 Has A (Vague) Release DateThere's no exact release date set for 13 Reasons Why Season 3, and fans will recall that Netflix kept them waiting for a season 2 release date until it was almost upon us. This time, though, the streaming service has confirmed the show will return in 2019 - just not exactly when. The season will begin shooting later this year, though, so a premiere date of late spring seems realistic.Brian Yorkey Knows Where The 13 Reasons Why Story Is HeadingEven before 13 Reasons Why was renewed, showrunner Brian Yorkey knew where he wanted the story to go. Speaking at a Netflix panel (via Deadline), Yorkey said, "It’s a question of, is there more story to tell, do we want to see these kids not only continue to recover, but, how do they bring forward into their lives the thing they’ve learned about what they’ve been through?”Adding that Hannah's story would always be central to the essence of the show, Yorkey stated he wanted any third season to be focused on the young people and how they learn to take care of each other. Certainly, that's something the show needs.There's No Trailer For 13 Reasons Why Season 3 (But There Is An Announcement Video)Given that the show hasn't started filming yet, there's unsurprisingly no trailer for 13 Reasons Why Season 3 yet. Based on Netflix's standard release approach, we may not see until a month or so before the show actually premieres.However, an announcement teaser was released alongside the confirmation of Season 3, showing a school locker with the number "3" graffitied over it.There Is Currently No Poster For 13 Reasons Why Season 3There has also not been any poster released for 13 Reasons Why Season 3. This may arrive before the first-look trailer, but don't expect any new official art until 2019 either.Stranger Things Season 3Rick and Morty Season 4Game of Thrones Season 8
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
13 Reasons Why Season 3 feels all but inevitable after Season 2's finale was so open-ended, but what exactly can you expect from the third visit to Liberty High School?Although source material Jay Asher's YA novel of the same name was just one book and used for Season 1, 13 Reasons Why has become one of Netflix's biggest shows and so grown beyond the basic story of Hannah Baker's suicide, with Season 2 arriving in May 2018The season has been the subject of mixed reviews; many rightly feel that Hannah Baker's story had been told in Season 1 and that it didn't need to be seen played out again from other angles. That said, 13 Reasons Why Season 2 also took a more in-depth look at other characters, such as Jessica, who managed to find the courage to speak out about Bryce raping her, and Tyler, who suffered a brutal sexual assault in the season finale, leading him to attempt a mass shooting during the spring dance. And, clearly, there's a lot of threads left for 13 Reasons Why Season 4 to pick up.Hannah Baker Shouldn't Come Back For 13 Reasons Why Season 3The story of Hannah Baker's suicide were told, fully and completely in Season 1. Perhaps afraid to let go of such a central character, showrunner Brian Yorkey decided that Season 2 would focus on the court case brought against Liberty High School by Hannah's parents. That meant that the viewers saw Hannah (Katherine Langford) again, through the eyes of her peers, and especially from Clay's point of view. In fact, he became so obsessed with getting justice for Hannah that he started seeing and talking to her ghost all the time. This impacted upon his relationships with Skye, his parents, and his friends.It got to the point where Hannah's continual influence over 13 Reasons Why had become a huge drag. In the finale, when Clay (Dylan Minnette) gives a eulogy at her memorial service, we see Hannah walking out into a bright light. While you're probably supposed to feel a little wistful and sad, the moment plays with more a sense of relief. Regardless of impact, the moment makes it feel like 13 Reasons Why Season 3 simply cannot bring Hannah back again; in order for a third season to succeed, the showrunners have to shift the focus and put Hannah's story firmly behind them.Bryce Also Needs To Stay Away In Season 3It took long enough, but Bryce Walker (Justin Prentice) was eventually convicted of rape. The judge only handed down a three-month probation order, but Jessica still felt stronger at the end of it all. By the end of 13 Reasons Why Season 2, she was beginning to build a relationship with Justin again, forming solid friendships, and getting back on track at school. Bryce, meanwhile, had lost all of his college scholarship prospects and was transferring to another school where he had to start as a Junior.For viewers who have been waiting to see justice served, it was a satisfactory outcome, and although Prentice has given an exceptional performance, it seemed like the right time for Bryce to exit the show. That said, in the season finale, it's revealed that his girlfriend Chloe, is pregnant. 13 Reasons Why Season 3 will surely pick up with her as she decides whether to keep the baby and if she does, that means Bryce could well come back.Clay Should Be Given A Chance To Move OnDylan Minnette gave an outstanding performance in 13 Reasons Why Season 2 as Clay Jensen, the troubled teenager trying to decide his future while still grieving his past. He was haunted (literally) by Hannah, and his constant feeling of inadequacy surrounding her death. At such a crucial time in his life, the last thing Clay really needed was Hannah's story being played out in court and, subsequently, the media. It all took its toll on Clay, who made some poor choices during Season 2. That said, he came good in the finale when he gave a calm but impassioned speech to Tyler and managed to talk him out of carrying out a school shooting. To the sound of distant sirens, Clay got Tyler safely into Tony's car, and consequently, he was left holding the gun.The implication is that Clay will now end up having to convince everyone that he was not about to carry out a school shooting, and also attempting to explain how and why he came to be in possession of an assault rifle. Given that Clay has always tried to do his best by others, despite often being naive, it would be good to finally see things going right for him in Season 3.Justin's arc during 13 Reasons Why Season 2 was pretty heartbreaking to watch. During the first season, we knew he had an unsettled and turbulent home life, and that his mom had a boyfriend whom she much preferred to her own son. In the end, Justin skipped town, but was found living rough an using heroin in Season 2. Clay secreted him away in his bedroom in order that he could get clean and then testify in the Baker's trial, with Clay's hope being that he would pin Hannah's rape on Bryce. Clay's parents discovered Justin and made him welcome, but he found it hard to quit the heroin altogether. That was seemingly no matter to the Jensen's, though, who decided to adopt him into their family.Just when we thought things were looking good, however, we got a shot of Justin's mother and boyfriend lurking ominously. Now, at the end of Season 2, Justin is standing alongside Clay, who is armed, and it looks as though his mom won't let him become part of the Jensen family without a fight. In Season 3, what's really needed is for life to finally be kind to Justin. He deserves it.Page 2 of 2: Zach, Jessica, Tyler, and New 13 Reasons Why Characters
Tags:
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
It's not often that a foreign filmmaker ends up helming an English-language remake of their original work, but that's the case with 13 - a reworking of the 2006 Sundance Film Festival Grand Jury Prize-winning Noir tale 13 Tzameti from Georgian writer/director Géla Babluani.An international teaser for 13 was released all the way back in November 2010 and it painted Babluani's remake as being a chillingly bleak and nail-biting drama/thriller. Does the newly-released domestic trailer support that idea?Unfortunately, the answer is "not really." The domestic theatrical preview for 13 doesn't build up suspense and tension like the previous trailer did; instead, it just sort of drops you into the film's troubling and dark setting: a world where men participate in twisted games of Russian Roulette, in order to improve their financial status (assuming they don't end up getting killed in the process).Here is the official synopsis for 13:A naive young man assumes a dead man’s identity and finds himself embroiled in an underground world of power, violence, and chance where men gamble behind closed doors on the lives of other men.Now check out the U.S. trailer for 13 (via Yahoo! Movies) below:-
13 boasts many a familiar face for U.S. moviegoers, including Jason Statham and his Expendables costar Mickey Rourke, Ray Winstone (The Departed), Michael Shannon (Boardwalk Empire), Alexander Skarsgård (True Blood), Emmanuelle Chriqui (Entourage), and Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson - with Sam Riley playing Vince, the "naive young" protagonist of the film.
All in all, that's a pretty decent collection of actors - including a handful who are known for rarely turning in a bad performance.  13 also marks one of the rare occasions where Statham fans will get to see the man not playing a deadly assassin type. Depending on your feelings about his acting abilities, that's either a good or bad thing, though.
Babluani had a larger budget with which to tell the same story in 13 - one that could easily be a disturbing, but thrilling, allegory about people who literally profit off the survival (or death) or others (read into that what you will). However, this remake just doesn't look like it will pack quite the unnerving punch as 13 Tzameti, in part because of said difference in production values - seeing how the original actually benefitted from its minimalistic design (re: black-and-white cinematography, simplistic audial accompaniment).
 




















The idea that 13 isn't anything too special only seems to be supported by the amount of time it has spent sitting on the shelf, waiting to secure an official U.S. release date (never a good sign). Plus, there's been little to no advanced positive buzz surrounding the project, which is also an indicator that this might not be anything great. Still, best to wait and see...
-
13 will arrive in U.S. theaters on October 28th, 2011.
Source: Yahoo! Movies


Tags:
13



















The Future FLASH is Barry & Wally... in One Body?




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

-13 boasts many a familiar face for U.S. moviegoers, including Jason Statham and his Expendables costar Mickey Rourke, Ray Winstone (The Departed), Michael Shannon (Boardwalk Empire), Alexander Skarsgård (True Blood), Emmanuelle Chriqui (Entourage), and Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson - with Sam Riley playing Vince, the "naive young" protagonist of the film.All in all, that's a pretty decent collection of actors - including a handful who are known for rarely turning in a bad performance.  13 also marks one of the rare occasions where Statham fans will get to see the man not playing a deadly assassin type. Depending on your feelings about his acting abilities, that's either a good or bad thing, though.Babluani had a larger budget with which to tell the same story in 13 - one that could easily be a disturbing, but thrilling, allegory about people who literally profit off the survival (or death) or others (read into that what you will). However, this remake just doesn't look like it will pack quite the unnerving punch as 13 Tzameti, in part because of said difference in production values - seeing how the original actually benefitted from its minimalistic design (re: black-and-white cinematography, simplistic audial accompaniment).The idea that 13 isn't anything too special only seems to be supported by the amount of time it has spent sitting on the shelf, waiting to secure an official U.S. release date (never a good sign). Plus, there's been little to no advanced positive buzz surrounding the project, which is also an indicator that this might not be anything great. Still, best to wait and see...-13 will arrive in U.S. theaters on October 28th, 2011.Source: Yahoo! Movies
Tags:
13
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 13th Doctor of Doctor Who could be played by Michaela Coel, which would make her the first female and first Black Doctor. Doctor Who returned to the small screen this month for a tenth season - and one filled with goodbyes. Star Peter Capaldi, the 12th Doctor is on his way out after season 10, as is long-time showrunner Steven Moffat. Big changes are afoot, and this has sparked all kinds of speculation over who might be replacing Capaldi, and if the 13th Doctor could shake things up for the franchise.Rumors about who may join the show as the new star have been swirling for months, although the BBC has stated that no casting has taken place as yet. Some favorites for the role have included Kris Marshall, Tilda Swinton, and Ben Whishaw, although multiple other names have been put forward. Now, new sources claim that it is none of these (or any other name mentioned so far), but a totally different actress who would mean not one, but two firsts for the show.According to Nerdist, the actress reportedly close to landing the role is Chewing Gum's Michaela Coel. This has yet to be confirmed by the BBC, but comes from "sources close to the production" according to the latest episode of Nerdist News.If this is true, Coel would not only be the first female Doctor in the show's history, she would be the first Black Doctor as well. This wouldn't be the only first for the series this year, either. The newest companion, Bill (Pearl Mackie) has been declared to be the series' first openly gay companion. Coel would also be a huge change for the series due to her age, as the 29-year-old would be one of the youngest Doctors to appear in the series. She would not, however, be the youngest ever, as that honor goes to Matt Smith, who made his 11th Doctor debut at only 27, edging out 5th Doctor Peter Davison who joined the show at 29.Although this would be a massive shake-up for the series, it would not necessarily be an unwelcome one. Past Doctor David Tennant supported the idea of a female 13th, as does current Doctor Capaldi. Another Doctor Who alum, Karen Gillan, also recently spoke about the need for "more diversity in the TARDIS" while promoting her upcoming film Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. For fans who agree with her, seeing a Black female Doctor with a Black female Companion would be absolutely incredible - though it's unclear whether Bill will continue on past season 10.Of course, others may not be happy about this casting choice, as every suggestion of a female Doctor so far has been met with an outcry that the Doctor has always been white and male (and a regenerating alien, of course). For purists, the idea of a young, female, Black Doctor could be too much to handle. Before getting too worked up with excitement or anger, however, it's important to remember that this is still an unconfirmed rumor, and that until the BBC makes an official announcement, nothing is guaranteed.Next: Doctor Who Season 10 Premiere ReviewDoctor Who continues with ‘Smile’ on Saturday, April 22nd on BBC1 and BBC America.Source: Nerdist
Tags:
doctor who
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Thor: Ragnorok is coming. And with it moviegoers will finally get to see the Incredible Hulk... in space! But before we find out exactly what he's up to out there, this is as good a time as any to brush up on some of the lesser known facts of one of Earth's mightiest heroes.Created in 1962 by comic legends Stan Lee and Jack Kirby, this iconic character has held a unique place in Marvel's many universes. Not really a hero, antihero or villain, he's a too often misunderstood superhero who is perhaps best left labeled simply as the Hulk. And if we're to believe Mark Ruffalo (which we do) he's about to get a whole lot hulk-ier when he teams up with Thor this coming Fall for their intergalactic buddy road-trip flick.But there's far more to Bruce Banner's alter ego than just smashing things, getting angry and wearing purple pants, like procreating and Puppy Bombs. Here are 14 Things You Didn't Know About the Hulk.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThe world's first and greatest Canadian superhero made his comic debut in the pages of The Incredible Hulk #180 when Hulk wanders into Canada and the government there instantly mobilizes Weapon X to kick him out. But it's not until the last panel, after the Hulk runs into some Canadian occultists and destroys a sizable chunk of wilderness in an epic brawl with the massive, fur covered cannibal-cursed Wendigo, that we get our first glimpse of the Wolverine.Following this in The Incredible Hulk #181 Wolverine gets his first cover and full story where he takes on both the Hulk and Wendigo. As an anonymous agent of the Canadian government and glorified forest ranger, Wolverine's entry into the Marvel Universe is pretty unspectacular. Especially considering he's knocked unconscious by occult magic mid-fight only to reawaken and get knocked unconscious again by the Hulk, then replaced by the Canadian government for being a failure.Though alls well that ends well since Wolverine would go on to become one of Marvel's coolest characters. Not mention have some awesome (and grotesque) rematches with the Hulk.It might be hard to believe now, but there was a time when fans really did not like it when the Hulk got angry. In fact, when the world was first introduced to Bruce Banner and his “enormous green rage monster,” most could care less.Primarily due to the writers having yet to fully flesh out the character, readers didn't quite know what to make of the strangest man of all time. Turning into a lumbering monster werewolf-style whenever night falls, the Hulk in one moment wants to save the world and in the next kill his friends along with the rest of humanity. As a result, the initial run of The Incredible Hulk only lasted six issues.But you can't keep a good Hulk down. After several popular guest appearances, a brief membership in The Avengers and a recurring stint in Tales to Astonish so overpowering that the latter was renamed The Incredible Hulk, Earth's mightiest mortal would get a second chance to smash our hearts.For anyone who thought Daredevil and Thor got their starts with Ben Affleck and Chris Hemsworth, obviously never saw The Incredible Hulk in the '80s. In two made-for-TV movies based off the popular television series, both Marvel characters made their live-action debuts (as did Stan Lee in his first of many cameos).In The Incredible Hulk Returns, Thor turns up to to help Lou Ferrigno's bulking brute fight crime in an intended pilot for a future television series starring the Norse god that never came to fruition. Similarly, in The Trial of the Incredible Hulk, the Hulk teams up with Daredevil to takedown the Kingpin in another failed launch of a series meant to feature the Man without Fear.The Hulk's name was inspired by a 1940s comic book called The Heap, which featured a nearly indestructible large, green swamp monster fighting Nazis and traveling the world helping those in need. The comic's unusual name struck a chord with Stan Lee and it was repurposed as “the Hulk.”But the Incredible Hulk wasn't the first (or second) to go by that name. In the early '60s Mr. Lee and Jack Kirby developed a one-shot story about a short scientist, who after several failed attempts to create a formula to make himself taller, builds a giant robotic armor named “the Mighty Hulk." Unfortunately the scientist forgets the keys and permanently locks himself inside. To avoid confusion later on, the armor's name was changed to “Grutan” in future reprintings.The name would be recycled several more times. The alien criminal/Abominable Snowman lookalike, Xemnu the Living Hulk, tried to make it his own in Journey into Mystery #62. His epithet would change to “the Titan” when he became a recurring adversary of Banner's Hulk. In Tales to Astonish #21, the Hulk moniker was bestowed upon a blubbering orange monster who in an infinite loop story repeatedly steps out of a movie screen to terrorize audiences. He was renamed “the Glop” to make way for bigger and greener things, because as the saying goes - the fourth time's the charm.It's a tale as old as time. A nerdy scientist gets blown away by a massive dose of gamma radiation and ends up transforming into the living personification of rage and pure physical strength. However, anyone hoping they too can become the Hulk by wandering onto a nuclear testing facility has another thing coming. There's a lot more to Bruce Banner's tragic transformation than just some puny gamma rays.The real reason why the Hulk is the Hulk is because Bruce Banner was abused as a kid. The Incredible Hulk #312 revealed Bruce's alcoholic father, Brian Banner, beat him as a child because he was scared of his son's uncanny intelligence. When Bruce's mother intervened, his father kills her. Years later, after Brian is released from prison, Bruce confronts him at his mother's grave. The two get in a fight, which ends with Bruce in turn killing his father. The young Banner immediately represses the incident until by chance one day he gets blown up by a gamma bomb and all that bottled up anger takes the form of the Hulk.Some of this background was loosely used in Ang Lee's 2003 adaptation, but taking a cue from Bruce, Marvel has repressed the incident which is why you may have forgotten it ever happened.Although this may not be news to avid readers of the comics, it may come as a surprise to most to learn that the Hulk is a father, or that he can even have sex at all without obliterating his partner. Enter Caiera the Oldstrong in Planet Hulk - a comic storyline many consider to be Hulk's greatest and one that is rumored to be a major influence for Thor: Ragnarok. Not only did Hulk marry the powerful alien, but she provided him with twin sons - Skaar and Hiro-Kala.There's also Lyra, the offspring of Hulk and Thundra, who time travelled from an alternate future to grab some of the green giant's DNA and use it to artificially conceive a genetically modified Hulkette. Speaking of genetic engineering there's also speculation that chemically-conceived super spy Carmilla Black aka Scorpion is also his daughter. Of course if you consider other alternate universes, outside Marvel's primary continuity, there are plenty of little Hulks raging around. In the Old Man Logan storyline (which is rumored to become Hugh Jackman's Wolverine 3), Hulk has an incestuous relationship with his first cousin She-Hulk which produces a brood of hillbilly Hulklings, though perhaps that's best left to discuss another time.While Hugh Jackman's tenure as Wolverine is commendable, it doesn't come close to former bodybuilder Lou Ferrigno's 35 plus years of playing the Hulk. When producers were casting the live-action Hulk TV show in the '70s, both Richard Kiel (Jaws from the James Bond movies) and Arnold Schwarzenegger (who was deemed too short for the role) were considered. Despite Kiel briefly getting the part, the show's creators swapped him out for the more massive Ferrigno, who has today become synonymous with the character and can now be spotted (or heard) in every movie featuring the Green Goliath.In both 2003's Hulk and 2008's The Incredible Hulk, Ferrigno cameos as a security guard and, in the latter, delivers all six of the words spoken by Hulk. In The Avengers and The Avengers: Age of Ultron when the Hulk grunts and says awesome things like "Puny Gods" - that's Lou we're hearing. Anything said in the late '90s Incredible Hulk animated series, that's him too. But wait, there's more. In an episode of Steven Spielberg's short lived Amazing Stories, Lou Ferrigno is credited as appearing as the Hulk, along with some odd reason 2014's Mom's Night Out. Be rest assured that when the Hulk hits screens in Thor: Ragnarok, Lou Ferrigno won't be far behind.Hulk's different hues have played a large part in distinguishing his various personalities over the years, but it actually all started out as a printing error. When the Hulk first premiered in the '60s, he was originally intended to be grey, which is how he (sort of) appeared in the premiere issue. However, by the second issue he had turned green for no apparent reason Why? Printers at the time were unable to keep his color a consistent shade, resulting in the Hulk being a pasty silver in one panel and charcoal black in the next. To compensate, Stan Lee made the executive decision to change his color to the much easier to print green, which at that point wasn't being used by any other major Marvel characters.Grey Hulk would return. Around the same time Rick James took a stab at being the Hulk (yes, that actually happened), Bruce Banner went through a transformation that left him as a wise-cracking, granite-hued Hulk with the alias Joe Fixit who passed his time as a Las Vegas enforcer (yes, that also actually happened).The Hulk has gone through his fair share of actors but just imagine how those movies wold have turned out if filmmakers had gone with their original choices. When the first feature was in development Johnny Depp was the top choice for Bruce Banner but eventually passed. Later, when Ang Lee took the helm, Watchmen's Doctor Manhattan, Billy Crudup, was offered the role but also declined, as did Tom Cruise (who subsequently would also turn down the role of Iron Man). It was only after a string of Hollywood stars including Jeff Goldblum and for some wonderful reason Steve Buscemi tested for the role that Eric Bana was finally cast.Following Lee's film, David Duchovny nearly played the Hulk in a proposed straight-to-DVD sequel that was thankfully scrapped. And when Edward Norton departed, Joaquin Phoenix considered postponing his career as a rapper to join The Avengers in his stead.No worries though, we'll always have the Internet to show what could have been with a Steve Buscemi Hulk.Did you know the Hulk can see dead people? Well he can, thanks to his messed up aforementioned relationship with his father. As a result, Bruce Banner has such an overwhelming fear of being haunted by his dad, that he unconsciously provided the Hulk with the ability to see and interact with paranormal apparitions. Fortunately, the Hulk eventually overcomes this fear when he visits Hell and beats up his father's ghost.Similarly, the Hulk is drawn back to the original bomb site of his gamma induced creation by the ghostly spirit of Maestro - a villainous future counterpart who seeks resurrection by absorbing the Hulk's radiation. These same senses are also what gives Hulk the power to see Dr. Strange in his astral state, which normally leaves him invisible to the naked eye.This last one would make for a pretty awesome post-credit sequence in the upcoming Dr. Strange movie.From the start, Hulk's mild-mannered scientist alter-ego Bruce Banner ran into problems with his first name. It's no surprise that given all the characters he was penning at the time, Stan Lee might forget one or two, which is why he used so many alliterative names. However, with the Hulk this backfired when Mr. Lee accidentally started referring to Bruce Banner in the comics as Bob Banner. In response to the criticism over the inexplicable change, he decided there was only one thing to do. “From now on his name is Robert Bruce Banner - so we can't go wrong no matter what we call him!” And that folks, is why Stan Lee is Stan Lee.Far more inexcusable was the time the creators of the 1978 Hulk TV series decided to rename their lead character (played by Bill Bixby) to David Banner. The show's producers claimed various reasons for the change including that it was unrealistic to have a character with an alliterative name (sorry Bill), that they didn't want the show perceived as a comic book series and that it was a way for one producer to honor his son. However, according to Stan Lee and Lou Ferrigno, two people we trust explicitly when it comes to all things Hulk, the name was in reality changed because studio bigwigs thought “Bruce” sounded too gay.While 2012's The Avengers was a pretty cool cinematic introduction to Marvel's ultimate superhero team, it didn't come close to the compelling storytelling of their debut issue in 1963's The Avengers #1.  Fresh off having his own solo title cancelled, the Hulk had nothing better do than roam around and help people. Leave it to Loki to screw up a good thing when he tricks Thor, Iron Man, Wasp and Ant-Man into believing Hulk is on yet another murderous rampage instead. Tired of being unfairly picked on, Hulk flees in the best way possible - by joining a traveling circus.Instead of watching Mark Ruffalo's Hulk take down a Chitauri warship or use Loki like a rag doll, we get an image of Hulk weighing his options by putting on clown makeup and pretending to be a robot. Really, it's a match made in heaven as the Hulk uses his incredible strength to juggle some confused circus animals. But once again his fun is ruined when the superheroes appear on the scene, attack him with a steel cylinder and try to catch him in a net. The Hulk is left with no choice but to flee from fleeing to the circus. Eventually Hulk is tracked down to a Detroit auto factory, some tires get thrown around, Thor captures Loki, forces him to clear the Hulk's good name and then Loki falls through a trap door. Everyone celebrates and the Wasp suggests they do this again sometime. And that my friends is how the Avengers were assembled.Sadly though, we will never know the true potential of Mechano the Clown.There was a time at the start of the millennium when it was pretty hard to ignore Freddie Prinze Jr. Even for the Hulk. Which is probably why a few years prior to writing Civil War, Mark Millar brought us The Ultimates. In that story, Nick Fury establishes a strike force of some of the world's greatest heroes as a super villain deterrent at the government's expense. The only problem was there were no villains around to fight. Cue Bruce Banner. By injecting himself with a mixture of Captain America's super soldier serum and the Hulk formula, Banner provides the team someone to publicly defeat so as to prove the government's money wasn't wasted. Of course, there was one thing no one counted on - just how much the Incredible Hulk hates Freddie Prinze Jr.At the very moment he injects himself, Banner's ex Betty Ross is on a date with the actor Freddie Prinze Jr. When he tries to warn her that he's about to Hulk out, she tells him she's having dinner with FPJ. Banner collapses in jealously, transforms and the result is a murderous rampage through New York in which the Hulk tries to eat Freddie Prinze. Luckily the Ultimates suit up and are able to stop the Hulk after he only kills a couple hundred innocent people and says things like, "Hulk horny for Betty" and "Freddie Prinze can't love you like Banner."The Incredible Hulk is nearly unstoppable. That is unless you happen to have a litter of tiny adorable puppies on hand to throw at him. In 2013's Indestructible Hulk Special #1, Bruce Banner advises S.H.I.E.L.D that, “the Hulk loves puppies,” in an attempt to help mitigate any threat his alter ego might pose in the future. Taking this into serious consideration the super spy organization makes a “Puppy Bomb” to be unleashed whenever needed. Lucky for us, it's needed. And it turns out, the Hulk really does love puppies.It works like this. When Banner transforms into Hulk the “weapon” is deployed and much to the Green Goliath's delight, a bunch of puppies crawl all over him. The Hulk is instantly reduced to terrifying childish giggling before calmly reverting back to his human state. Maybe the Abomination should try that next time.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
What happens when an actor quits a movie? Chaos, that's what. A lot of negotiations go into convincing an actor to take on a role. Millions of dollars in pre-production money is already spent by the time a star signs his or her name on a contract. Quitting causes delays that add to the budget, as it creates a scramble to find a replacement. If one isn't found quickly enough, the production might have to shut down altogether, causing the cast and crew to lose their jobs. Despite all of these repercussions, every once in a while, an actor decides that they simply can't follow through on a movie.Sometimes they quit for pretty shocking reasons, so we've collected fifteen examples of performers leaving a project under surprising circumstances. A few of them are creative differences gone very, very wrong. Others are due to outside influences, health issues, offensive material, and public backlash. In each instance, a well-known name had to make the uncomfortable -- and sometimes costly -- decision to un-commit from a film they had previously committed to. We think you'll find these stories fascinating, as they give you a glimpse into what might have been had they stayed.These are 15 Actors Who Quit Movies For Shocking Reasons. Click the button below to start this article in quick viewOnce upon a time, a young Belgian martial artist came to Hollywood hoping to make it big in the movie industry. His name was Jean-Claude Van Damme, and he quickly scored a few minor roles. Then came what could have been his big break, playing the title character in the Arnold Schwarzenegger action flick Predator. It's not a great career move for an up-and-comer to quit a big studio film, yet that's exactly what JCVD did.A full body cast was made of the actor, and a costume was produced from the mold. Van Damme hated the appearance of it, griping that it made him look silly. What he failed to realize was that the red suit he was forced to wear would be chroma keyed out by the visual FX team, to achieve the effect where the Predator is invisible. Once he found out the truth, JCVD was even madder, because he wouldn't fully be seen onscreen. He dropped out after just two days.James Cameron's 1986 sci-fi/action classic Aliens features Michael Biehn as Corporal Dwayne Hicks. It was a re-teaming of the director and the actor, who previously played Kyle Reese in The Terminator. Biehn came to the project a couple weeks after it had begun filming, however, leaving him with little prep time. That's because the original Hicks, James Remar, bolted from the production.Initially, the actor blamed his abrupt departure on family issues that he needed to attend to. In an interview a few years ago, however, he came clean, saying that he had a fairly serious drug problem at the time. After getting busted for drug possession, it became clear that he wasn't in shape to continue working, especially for a no-nonsense filmmaker like Cameron, who famously refuses to tolerate less than 100% effort from anyone. With Remar out of the picture, Biehn stepped in.Today, we all know Woody Harrelson as a gifted and diverse actor. In the early '90s, though, he was still mostly known for comedies (White Men Can't Jump, TV's Cheers) and he was eager to show another side to his talents. That led him to walk away from the 1993 comedy Benny & Joon, in which he was supposed to co-star alongside Laura Dern.Harrelson has claimed that he left after Dern departed the project, which may be partially true. But it's also true that he was offered -- and accepted -- a dramatic role in Adrian Lyne's provocative Indecent Proposal, opposite Demi Moore and Robert Redford. The studio, MGM, sued the actor for leaving, and the case was eventually settled out of court. In the end, Aidan Quinn took over for Harrelson, and the latter had pulled off an excellent career switcheroo. Indecent Proposal became a massive hit, and Benny & Joon died a quick box office death.Winona Ryder was one of the top up-and-coming starlets in the mid-to-late-1980s, thanks to acclaimed performances in hit films like Beetlejuice, Edward Scissorhands, and Heathers. It was no wonder that Francis Ford Coppola wanted her to take a significant role in his highly-anticipated sequel The Godfather Part III. At the time, the third installment of the Corleone family saga was as big a deal as you could get.Ryder was supposed to play Al Pacino's daughter in the film, but she dropped out on the eve of production. Rumors abounded -- she had a drug problem, she was pregnant, and so on. The actress's official explanation was "exhaustion" from having just shot three other movies back-to-back. She also stated that an accompanying 104-degree fever caused her doctor to urge her to choose rest over work. Now in a pinch, Coppola gave the role to his own daughter, Sofia, whose performance was widely derided, thanks to her lack of acting experience.Following his massive success as a director with the Oscar-winning Braveheart and the religious drama The Passion of the Christ, Mel Gibson planned to make a Viking epic called Berserker. It was a project that he'd long wanted to tackle. To that end, he brought in Leonardo DiCaprio to star, knowing that the actor would deliver a commanding performance while also attracting audiences to the unconventional material.Berserker never got made for a number of reasons, most of which are fairly routine in "development hell", but DiCaprio walking away was certainly a significant one. The standard scheduling conflicts and creative differences were cited, although the timing was suspicious. The star bailed right after Gibson's threatening, profane voice mails to his then-girlfriend were leaked to the media. DiCaprio understandably didn't want to be associated with Gibson following that and his previous, much-publicized drunken racist rant to police officers.Paul Thomas Anderson's There Will Be Blood is a drama about deranged oil magnate Daniel Plainview, played by Daniel Day-Lewis. His character's nemesis in the film is Eli Sunday, the passionate pastor of a local church. The two more or less meet because of Eli's twin brother Paul. If you've seen the movie, you know that Eli and Paul are twins, both played by Paul Dano...but that wasn't always the case.Dano was originally cast only to play Paul. Eli was played by actor Kel O'Neill -- for about two weeks, at least. According to a New York Times Magazine article, O'Neill was "intimidated" by Day-Lewis's intensity in the role of Plainview. The Oscar winner's well-known penchant for staying in character between takes allegedly also rattled the younger, less-experienced actor. Unable to handle the pressure, O'Neill left, and the decision was made to have Dano play both parts. All the scenes featuring Eli had to be reshot.The Wizard of Oz is an indisputable classic, so it's kind of a shame that one unlucky actor missed out on his chance to be part of it. That actor is Buddy Ebsen, who later went on to achieve massive television success playing Jed Clampett on The Beverly Hillbillies. He was cast as the Tin Man, but had to abandon the role a little more than a week into the shoot.Unfortunately for Ebsen, he developed a severe reaction to the makeup required to turn him into the character. Made of aluminum powder, it coated his lungs after many days of breathing it in. He had to be hospitalized and even put in an iron lung. The complications were nearly fatal. For obvious health reasons, Ebsen could no longer continue, and he was replaced by Jack Haley, who apparently had no such issues with the makeup.V For Vendetta is the screen adaptation of Alan Moore's graphic novel of the same name. One of the two central characters is "V," a Guy Fawkes mask-wearing vigilante who attempts to lead a revolution against a fascist regime. The other is his captive, Evey, played by Natalie Portman. Actor James Purefoy, now best known for the TV series Rome and Hap and Leonard, was cast as V. He didn't last too long.The actor publicly denies it for reasons that are completely understandable, but the story goes that he abandoned the role of V because he was having trouble acting beneath the mask that he was required to wear throughout, to the dismay of the director and producers. Of course, since his face is never seen, it was ridiculously easy to replace him. The filmmakers brought in Hugo Weaving to take over, although there are moments in the movie that remain Purefoy's work.John Travolta not only quit a movie, he got sued over it. The project was called The Double, and it would have been directed by the legendary (and highly controversial) filmmaker Roman Polanski. The actor and his director had a substantial disagreement over the material, particularly as it related to the lead character. When Travolta came to rehearsals and discovered that Polanski had commissioned some rewrites without his knowledge, he walked off and never came back.Travolta was paid $17 million to star, so the studio and producers were none too happy about this particular development. They promptly took legal action against their one-time star for breach of contract. Travolta counter-sued, claiming Mandelay Entertainment reneged on a deal for him to appear in another picture, Donnie Brasco. In the end, the parties settled out of court. Polanski ended up abandoning The Double altogether after this fiasco.When a screen adaptation of Fifty Shades of Grey was announced, many fans had strong ideas about who should portray Christian Grey. The suggestions could not have been more different, but most people seemed pleased when Charlie Hunnam was announced as the director's pick. He was perfect for the role. Hunnam was stoked to play it, although he never got the chance.Aside from having to finish up a season of his TV series Sons of Anarchy, Hunnam had previously promised friend Guillermo Del Toro that he would play one of the lead characters in the director's Gothic romance Crimson Peak. The shooting of that picture directly conflicted with Fifty Shades, meaning that he had to choose one over the other. In what he describes as a painful decision, Hunnam opted to honor the commitment he made first. That paved the way for Jamie Dornan to get his breakout role in what has become one of the more divisive franchises around.Kim Basinger hit the big time with the S&M drama 9 1/2 Weeks, so you wouldn't think she'd have any problem doing explicit material. The actress did have some trepidation about writer/director Jennifer Lynch's Boxing Helena. She signed on for the lead role of a cruel woman held hostage by a former lover, who amputates her limbs and, as the title implies, keeps her trapped inside a box.Basinger's reason for leaving was that she switched agencies, and the top brass at the one to which she defected convinced her that the role would not be good for her career. As a result, she began demanding script changes to make the character softer and more sympathetic. When Lynch wouldn't budge, Basinger was out. The producers sued her and won, with a court ordering her to pay nearly $9 million in damages. Sherilyn Fenn ended up starring in the movie, which grossed less than a quarter of the final payout from the lawsuit.The late Stanley Kubrick was known for being very exacting when he made a film. It wasn't uncommon for shoots to drag on, or for him to demand an unreasonable number of takes on a scene, hoping to get everything just the way he wanted it. That incessantly demanding quality cost him a talented actor when Harvey Keitel exited a supporting role in Kubrick's Tom Cruise/Nicole Kidman sexual thriller Eyes Wide Shut.Keitel, widely respected for his immense professionalism, showed up in London to begin rehearsals, but Kubrick repeatedly stalled their start date. By the time they finally began weeks later, Keitel realized that there was a very real possibility the director would make them take forever, then shoot Eyes Wide Shut at a snail's pace once the cameras started to roll. Given that he had a pending start date on another film, he left in frustration.Michael Fassbender received an Oscar nomination as Best Actor for his work playing the famous Apple CEO in Danny Boyle's biopic Steve Jobs. But he only had the chance to take on that juicy role because a different star who was once strongly considering for the part ended up passing. That star is another exceptionally talented actor, Christian Bale.Bale was pretty psyched to play this fascinating real-life figure. Then he got a phone call from Jobs' widow, Laurene Powell Jobs, who was allegedly intent on trying to stop the movie from being made. In fact, she had previously reached out to persuade Leonardo DiCaprio to avoid the project when he was thinking about signing on. She then did the same with Bale. Shortly after their conversation, the star opted out, saying that he no longer felt he was right for the part. What specifically she said to convince him of this remains between them.Adam Sandler's movies are known for being politically incorrect. This quality ended up biting him on the backside when he co-wrote, produced, and starred in the made-for-Netflix comedy The Ridiculous 6. A spoof of Westerns, it employed a large number of Native-American extras and bit players. When these good folks arrived on set, chaos ensued, leading to some much publicized behind-the-scenes tension that was anything but funny.A dozen of the actors feuded with the production team over what they saw as a racist depiction of the Apache culture. Specifically, they objected to the portrayal of Native-American women. The movie's jokes included giving female characters offensive names such as "Never Wears Bra" and "Beaver's Breath." When the producers wouldn't back down and alter the material, about a dozen Native actors walked off the set in protest.Will Ferrell knows a thing or two about playing American presidents, having hilariously taken on George W. Bush during his stint on Saturday Night Live. When it was announced that he would play Ronald Reagan in a comedy called, appropriately, Reagan, it seemed like great casting. The plot of the film -- which remains unmade -- involves a White House intern trying to convince the Alzheimer's-suffering Reagan that he's actually playing a president in a movie.The idea of milking laughs from Alzheimer's really did not sit well with Ronald Reagan's family. Son Michael and daughter Patti Davis, who watched their father die of the disease, both publicly slammed the project, pointing out that there's nothing funny about this illness. The Alzheimer's Association also took exception, calling the movie's premise "appalling." The backlash was so swift and so intense that Ferrell jumped ship a mere two days after it was announced that he'd signed on.--What do you think about the reasons these actors quit movies? Do you know of any other examples of shocking reasons for departures? Give us your thoughts in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
It's easy for a lot of people to like the dysfunctional but lovable redneck rebels of the Discovery Channel's car show Misfit Garage-- for at least a couple of episodes, anyways.Their nutty adventures stretch viewer credibility far too often, but folks do get a sense that they are talented, genuine car lovers and that they are honest about their automotive passions.They do seem to know what they are doing-- in a brash, careless, redneck-y sort of way.After a while, however, all of the on-set fighting, cussing, and yellinh tends to jangle some folks' nerves. However, it’s clearly a case of different strokes for different folks, as Misfit Garage continues to plug along with a relatively strong fan base, and is now in its sixth season.The show’s fan base seems to have held despite the fact that the crew/cast members come and go and— well, mostly they go.Only two founding partners of the shop, Fired Up Garage, featured in the show remain in their posts. However, at least the departing personnel usually leave in entertaining ways— like the way former partner Jordan Butler walked out, issuing a string of colorful, bleeped-out pronouncements.At times, the antics at Fired Up Garage all make for a Texas-sized bucket of weirdness. That means that it’s time to put some Black Angus ribs on the grill, polish our Tony Lama boots, and examine some of  the incidents and speculations that you may not have noticed about Misfit Garage.With that said, here are the 15 Behind-The-Scenes Secrets About Misfit Garage.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewGas Monkey is the custom auto shop featured on the long-running hit show Fast N’ Loud, which is now in its fourteenth season on the Discovery Channel.According to the tea that Smith spilled to TMZ way back in 2014, the embarrassing incident all came down to a Rolls-Royce owned by Richard Rawlings, the combative proprietor of Gas Monkey Garage. Smith and Butler allowed a visitor to pose for a photo near the Rolls, which angered their shop manager, who berated them severely. Smith swore at the manager and the pair were then dumped on the spot, with Rawlings claiming later to TMZ that they were always troublemakers at his shop.In a video featured on the Discovery site, Butler lamented that the incident was the only time he had ever been fired. He also said that the way the shop manager handled the issue was blatantly unreasonable.”There’s no reason to get fired just for calling your boss an a**hole,” he complained.Smith, on the other hand, said that getting fired from Gas Monkey was “the best thing that ever happened to me.” He also compared himself grandiosely to Bill Gates and other successful people who’ve been fired at some point in their careers.After being fired, Smith and Butler partnered with two other Texas auto shop whizzes, Scot McMillan (a former Gas Monkey employee as well) and Thomas Weeks, to star in Misfit Garage, which debuted on Discovery in October, 2014.If you use the shortened form of the name (which everyone eventually does), it comes out as "FU Garage." However, that’s not a coincidence.According to an email exchange that Tom Smith conducted with the site Hollywood Soapbox in 2016, the inspiration came from a sign that Smith installed on his toolbox three decades ago."I have a sign that I made on the side of my toolbox around 1988 that reads 'F&U Auto Service' with the caption: 'Our customers have been satisfying us since 1973,'" he wrote in his email to Soapbox.That's what Tom Smith says, but it's probably a good bet that the “FU” could also be interpreted as a not-so-subtle message to Smith’s former boss, the “dastardly” Richard Rawlings over at Gas Monkey Garage.Meanwhile, if you’re wondering where the very apt name of Misfit Garage comes from, Smith has an answer to that also.He claims that it was the inspired choice of the wife of the show’s executive producer, Eddie Rohwedder. Considering how often the Misfit Garage crew seems to do everything by the seat of their pants and how they can’t stop arguing about trivial issues, it looks like Mrs. Rohwedder was spot on.Since the series debuted in 2014, the garage has lost former founding partners Scot McMillan and Jordan Butler, plus a few non-partner garage monkeys along the way as well. The latest defection is Kevin Clark, who, in the May 2nd premiere episode of the current season, announced that he was also leaving.“It’s just time to move on,” Clark said on the show, but he also made it clear that he was getting tired of all of the Misfit drama.That sounds familiar, as McMillan also got sick of all the fussing and went off  to concentrate on his own business, Scot Rods Garage. Meanwhile, Butler left in a hissy fit at the beginning of season 4 because he didn't want to take on Clark as a new partner or move to a bigger shop space.To make matters worse, last year the Misfit crew almost lost John Klump, who replaced Butler after he walked out.According to Hidden Remote, Klump started having “second thoughts” about his role on the show after being confronted with the task of fixing a super-dilapidated 1959 Chevy El Camino that he thought was hopeless.Why do the Misfit boys run a revolving personnel door? Is it because they seem do everything the hard way and never stop arguing and yelling at each other? Who would object to working conditions like those? Hopefully they manage to figure things out in the future.Rawlings pops up often on Misfit Garage to taunt and harass the crew and generally make things difficult for Fired Up Garage.He is depicted as a villain who gleefully undermines the business activities on the show. In real life, however, he is actually the landlord of FU Garage’s shop space, who has a vested interest in making sure that the company's business prospers.Rawlings is also listed as an executive producer in the credits for the show, just below Eddie Rohwedder’s name. In addition, he has a separate credit for “creative talent,” whatever that means.To top it off, Rawlings allegedly gets an estimated $22,000 for each of his appearances on Misfit Garage, according to NetworthMag.Those connections haven’t gone unnoticed by the viewers, though. As one poster on the Vintage Mustang Forum made clear, for example, there’s no reason to buy Fired Up Garage’s alleged “feud” with Richard Rawlings.“The kick off of Misfit Garage took it to the next level of completely staged antics. If there was any doubt, I noticed that the executive producer of Misfit Garage is... Richard Rawlings,” he poster stated.With all of those show credits presumably adding paychecks to his bottom line, it looks like Rawlings is actually making plenty of money off of his shop’s “grudge” against Fired Up Garage.According to NetworthMag, the main crew members allegedly make between $17,000 and $25,000 dollars per episode.Yet, the FU Garage partners rarely seem to clear that much profit individually from the builds that they do on each show.For example, in season 4, the Misfit crew rebuilt a 1961 Ford Econoline pick-up truck, setting an estimated budget of $25,000 for completing the build. Yet, the partners ended up selling the rebuilt, orange-and-white Econoline to actor Danny Trejo-- of Machete movie fame— for only $27,000.That left a profit of only $2,000 to be split presumably among all of the partners.It’s tough to see how all of that work paid off financially for such a challenging and elaborate build. However, partner Thomas Weeks said that it might be worth it for the publicity that Fired Up Garage would get from selling the tricked-out truck to a well-known Hollywood figure.To sweeten the deal, Trejo promised to park the Econoline in front of one of his popular Los Angeles-area restaurants, which are called Trejo’s Tacos.Unfortunately, the episode didn’t follow up to see if Trejo actually made good on his promise. He did seem very happy with the bargain that he got on the cool ride, though.It’s no secret among reality show fans that many shows are staged or scripted. Fast N’ Loud has stretched viewer credibility numerous times, according to this expose from the car site Hot Rod.Misfit Garage has the same kind of credibility problem among some ardent car fans. For example, a poster on Vintage Mustang Forum devoted an entire thread to debunking the show.The fan claimed that in one episode, a Misfit “flunkie” was filmed painting a drive shaft near a high-running fan, throwing the whole painting project into chaos.“Naturally… he could barely get any paint on the driveshaft and the freshly painted project on which all their fortunes rely. Predictably, the overspray is now a great threat to their project being [completed] on time. Fortunately, the detailer can save their special paint job and everybody lives happily ever after,” the fan stated.The poster then subsequently alleged: “First, if there's such a strong breeze that you can barely get any paint on the object you're painting and you don't move somewhere else, you're probably not smart enough to hold a can of paint. Second, the can is clearly Plasti-Dip, [which is] not real paint. Nobody paints a driveshaft with Plasti-Dip. But they do paint things where they want the paint to be easily removable, like staged overspray on your project's special paint job.”Ouch. Maybe the Misfit boys need to be more careful about hiding the labels on their paint cans?The former founding partner of Fired Up Garage still updates his public Facebook page occasionally, but otherwise, he seems to be keeping a pretty low profile. Jordan Butler quit Misfit Garage in season 4 because he did not want to take on a new partner or move to a new shop space.Apparently, the split from his former partners on Fired Up Garage was even more contentious than depicted on the show.He wrote on his Facebook page a year ago that he hasn’t had the desire to touch a car in a long time, especially “after all the bs with fired up (sic).” That changed, he said, when he started working on a truck project with his 10-year-old son last year.He also wrote on the same thread that he had no idea what was going on with the show, hinting that he doesn’t really keep up with it or the crew members anymore.As a former semi-professional drag racer, maybe Butler has other irons in the fire. His Discovery bio states that he started drag racing weekly at local strips while still in high school, earning up to a $1000 per win. He claims that he never lost a race.Many viewers would like to see Butler back on Misfit Garage or another car show, so who knows what the future will bring.Yu-Lan “Sue” Martin is the owner of ASM Upholstery, the shop that does custom upholstery for both Misfit Garage and Fast N’ Loud. She’s famous for yelling “Why [do] you bring me junk?” at her car show clients, whom she sometimes calls “a** monkeys.”However, she wasn’t around for the premiere episode of the new season of Misfit Garage, and some fans have been wondering if it’s because she is holding a grudge against Fired Up Garage for almost screwing up a job they did for her at the end of season 3. She hired them to restore a 1956 Ford truck and they were very late on the job. Martin got mad and threatened to bring in Richard Rawlings to finish it, which wasn’t exactly what the Misfit boys wanted to hear.Thankfully, it all worked out in the end, but tempers flared and feelings were ruffled. At one point, Martin even threatened to hit the Misfit boys with a wrench.As an immigrant from Taiwan, Martin bought a bankrupt upholsterer for just $4,500 and worked night and day to build up the business and obtain a loyal customer base, even sleeping in her shop to get her jobs done. No wonder she expected her truck to be done on time.Tom Smith once drove a car into a lake, and what's more is that the car was an AMC Gremlin, a model from the '70s that often turns up on lists of the worst cars ever made. A Gremlin, really? According to Smith, the much-maligned vehicle was actually a great car “that ran every good.”When he got tired of the car, however, he decided to give the Gremlin a “burial at sea.” So Smith and a friend tried to create an amphibious vehicle out of the car, thinking that they could make it float on water. They built and attached a wooden boat-type structure around the Gremlin, complete with prow and bow.Once the additions to the Gremlin were complete, Smith decided to jump the car from a boat ramp into a local lake.However, the modifications broke up on impact, and the Gremlin started to sink. The full story is posted on Fast N’ Loud’s Facebook page, including the fact that Smith had to kick out a window to escape the sinking Gremlin.As a matter of fact, it looks like car disasters started happening to Smith at a very young age.When he was just 10 years old, for example, he went joyriding in a 1974 Pontiac Grandville and crashed it  into a police car. It’s probably a good idea to take the bus if Tom Smith ever offers you a ride.Painter John Klump started working in his Dad’s auto shop at the tender age of just four years old. He’s worked on a lot of fascinating projects since then, but the one closest to his heart is probably a one-of-a-kind vehicle known as the “Batvan.”The unusual vehicle is a custom-built, Batman-themed van that was designed by the late George Barris. (Barris was the legendary Hollywood car-customizer who created the famous “Batmobile” for the campy 1960s Batman TV series.)Featuring a slick black body with bright orange-red trim, the Batvan sports bat wings soaring out of each side. The Batvan also boasts a built-in flamethrower (which is real) and a side mount for a machine gun (which is fake), as well as a spot for a missile (which is also fake) on the top.The original unfinished van was found rusting in a field by Rick Crocker, a local classic car dealer, who hired Klump to help finish it.In 2014, Klump, who has his own paint shop called Radical Restorations, told the Dallas News that it took three-and-half years to complete the Batvan.Klump further told the News that he “put his whole heart and soul into that thing.” The Joker and the Riddler apparently couldn’t be reached for comment, however.Earlier this year, the FU Garage team rebuilt a classic ‘65 Ford Mustang into a slick racing machine for Motor Mega Week, Discovery’s car show competition.They were pretty “fired up” about their prospects for winning— after all, their competition was a bizarre vehicle built out of an old train car that was rescued from a state fairground’s monorail system.The massive, so-called "Gonorail" was the car entered into the competition by Sean “Farmtruck” Whitley and Jeff “AZN” Bonnett from Street Outlaws, Discovery’s popular street racing show.In the first best-of-three race, the Gonorail, driven by Farmtruck, beat John Klump and the Mustang handily, as noted on the Street Outlaws website. The FU Garage team, however, triumphed in the second race, with Kevin Clark and the Mustang prevailing over AZN and the Gonorail, which went off track and was damaged.Technically, Fired Up then won the overall competition, as the Gonorail couldn’t be fixed in time for the third race. The Misfit team also did better against the Street Outlaws than their alleged nemesis, Richard Rawlings.The Fast N’ Loud star’s 2015  Dodge Challenger, which was driven by professional racer Alex Laughlin, lost two races straight to the Street Outlaws in a best-of-three contest. No doubt good times were had by all at Fired Up Garage that night.Misfit partner Thomas Weeks has an injury to the base of his neck that prompts him to wear a single, special glove on one hand. The glove helps with a painful condition that stems from a herniated disc— the result of Weeks’s past racing activities.The condition makes his arm feel numb a lot and also makes his hand feel like "it's in a bucket of ice," he told viewers on the season 4's episode 4 of the show.Never one to be celebrated for his tact, Richard Rawlings once made fun of Weeks’s injury. In 2016, he tweeted: “Why is Thomas wearing one glove? Does he moonlight as a Michael Jackson impersonator?”Weeks refused to let Rawlings get his goat and handled the situation humorously. He later joked about his connection to The Gloved One in his own twitter feed by posting a picture of Michael Jackson next to a photo of himself wearing his glove, under the title: “Who Wore It Better? Me!”Weeks also suffered another horrible car-related injury as a child, where he fell on a car’s transmission rod while his Dad was working underneath, according to his Discovery bio.The fall jammed a rod through his mouth and throat, cutting his chin. His parents rushed him to the hospital with blood pouring out of his mouth. The life of an auto shop man can be extremely dangerous.In December 2016, when Aaron Kaufman, the highly respected long-time mechanic/fabricator from Fast N’ Loud announced that he was leaving that show, rumors were flying that he was a natural fit for Misfit Garage.According to a hopeful opinion piece on Fansided by Martin Feigen last year: “If Aaron decides to move to Misfit Garage, he would instantly be in charge."He continued: "He would be in a position to purchase a controlling interest in the fledgling shop. His ownership would immediately take it from an upstart shop to a serious competitor to Gas Monkey Garage. Misfit Garage would no longer be a joke, it would be an equal from Aaron’s first day.”While it’s unclear as of this writing  if Fired Up Garage actually talked to Kaufman, if they didn’t, the crew certainly missed out on a great chance to bring in Kaufman and give their show a much-needed shot in the arm.Adding the bearded wonder to their partner roster this year would have been especially beneficial in the light of Kevin Clark’s recent announcement that he is leaving Misfit Garage— a move that, as of the current season's premiere episode, leaves the garage short of one partner.However, Kaufman instead ended up with his own new Discovery show, Shifting Gears, which premiered in February during Discovery’s Mega Motor Week.In the beginning, the FU Garage team hoped to be a real competitor for the more established Gas Monkey Garage and become the “best of the best” for street hot rod builds.They even started up their own food truck to compete with Gas Monkey’s booming restaurant business. This year, they did show some spunk when they beat a team from the Street Outlaws in the Mega Race 2 competition and savored the defeat of Gas Monkey Garage at the hands of another Outlaws team in Gas Monkey’s own Mega Race challenge.However, there’s been a lot of drama from the constant personnel changes at FU Garage, and it doesn’t help that the shop still seems to be run by the seat of its pants.Meanwhile, Gas Monkey has moved into ever more higher-end builds, while FU Garage seems to just keep plugging away at anything that comes across their doorstep.According to Jennifer Borama of TV Overmind, the crew needs to work on five things in order to improve their competitiveness. One of the most important things, she wrote, is that the Misfit boys need to stop turning cherished vintage models into gassers:“One of the worst, if not the absolute worst, episodes (sic) of this show was when one of the crew decided to chop up a ’57 Chevy to turn it into a gasser instead of a traditional hot rod. There are sentiments that are automatically associated with certain cars, and the ’57 Chevy certainly deserved more respect than it was given,” Borama stated.Rawlings has his fingers in a lot of pies these days. In addition to Fast N’ Loud and Misfit Garage, he introduced another show on Discovery last year, called Garage Rehab.Then there’s his booming Gas Monkey Bar and Grill restaurant business, and the tie-in merchandise for his shows. He’s also done TV commercials for Dodge cars, which is no doubt why he entered a Dodge Challenger in this year’s Mega Race.For all we know, the story arc about Tom Smith and Jordan Butler being fired from Gas Monkey Garage could have been simply a staged set-up to create an excuse for a new Rawlings show.Even the Misfit Garage food truck scheme could have been a set-up for Rawlings to appear on the show and promote his “better” restaurant business.Certainly, many car show fans and press seem to think that the Rawlings TV empire has become increasingly fake.For one thing, every episode seems to be variations on a single plot, wrote Freddy Hernandez of the Jalopnik a few years ago. “If you watch an episode of Discovery’s breakout hit Fast N’ Loud because you’re a glutton for punishment like I am, you’ll notice that the first priorities of the show are 1) to introduce the show’s characters -- all portraying a different one-dimensional stereotype -- and 2) manufacture dram,” Hernandez wrote.Misfit Garage, Hernandez added, marches “in lockstep with this paint-by-numbers technique of film making.”---Can you think of any other interesting facts about Misfit Garage? If so, let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Everyone has a dad but not everyone has a father. Anyone can bring a child into this world, but it takes a true man to be a father. Fathers aren’t always perfect either, which is what makes them so special. They have their flaws just like everyone else - but they try to overcome those flaws for the sake of their children.Movie fathers, for the most part, are exactly the same way. I’m not talking about the Al Bundy or Peter Griffin buffoon father figures that get laughs by acting un-father-like. I’m talking about the forthright, honest, dependable and yes, sometimes flawed men that have inspired us onscreen to be better fathers in real life.So while we at Screen Rant take today to spend it with our fathers (if they haven't passed away), and/or with our children, for your reading pleasure we've decided to list our 15 Favorite Movie Fathers...-Now before you go all “fanboy” on me for putting Luke’s father on the bottom of our list just wait to see who made the top 3 and then tell me if you would put Skywalker above them. Anakin falls easily into the category of “Flawed Father.”  He loves the mother of his children but ultimately kills her, hunts down his daughter and takes her into captivity, and then unknowingly cuts off the hand of his son. Way to go dad! But in the end, this father recognizes the error of his ways, turns from the dark side and sacrifices his own life to protect his children. And that's why this master of the dark side of the force is on this list at all.-Professor Jones is another one of those types of fathers that means well and although he loves his son (Indiana Jones), he ends up ignoring him. But what he lacks in emotional nurturing he makes up for in intellectual nurturing as is evident by Indiana following right along in his father’s footsteps. For all their differences of opinion and banging of heads, the son still loves his father and vice versa - and both will do whatever it takes to protect the other. The moral here is: You don't have to always get along with your dad to love him.-I know when it comes to my own children that I would sacrifice anything to keep them safe, including giving up my own life to save theirs. That’s what every good father would do in the same situation. The best example of this is Superman’s father Jor El. He gave his life to protect his son from a dying planet before it exploded - but he didn’t stop there! Jor El thought ahead and provided a new family and place of solitude for his son so that he wouldn’t ever be alone. Jor El provided for his son in death as he did in life. Jor-El sets a fine example of a father’s love.-Just because a father jokes around and gives his kids a hard time occasionally doesn’t mean he loves them any less. Clark Griswold may be a bit on the clueless side but all he wants is to give his family the vacation they so richly deserve. Every father ultimately wants the same thing for their kids. Nothing is going to stand in his way either - not the desert nor flat tires or even an amusement park being shut down... He is going to give his family a good time come hell or high water! I may never pull a gun on a security officer just to ride a theme park rollercoaster but I’ve done plenty of things I wouldn’t normally do just to make my kids happy; besides, that old woman in the toy line last Christmas didn’t need a Tickle Me Elmo anyway...-Many young children look up to their fathers as superheroes, but only in movies and comic books can those fathers actually BE superheroes. Such is the case with Bob Parr: He loses his way and becomes self-involved with being a superhero, something that makes him feel good - while he neglects his wife and kids, shutting them out of his own little world. Ultimately, Bob realizes that it’s not what you do that makes you a superhero but rather who looks up to you - in this case his kids. This is a lesson that every father can learn, your children would rather spend time with you then watch you try to save the world.
Tags:
superman,
star wars,
Indiana Jones,
kick ass,
taken
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
While the most famous superheroes are often of the living variety, gaining their powers by cosmic events or freak accidents (along with mere mortals possessing expert skills), the supernatural has also played a major part in the creation of many iconic comic book heroes and villains. The undead are usually depicted as bad guys of course, but there are several notable heroic characters who gained powers by various unsettling means, be it a scientifically reanimated corpse or a supernaturally resurrected spirit, and sometimes even a combination of the two.With that in mind, here are the 15 best undead superheroes. Note: in an effort to keep this a streamlined list, we had to limit our mentions of DC's Blackest Night or Marvel Zombies. The characters we've assembled here are known best for their undead status, not for being prominent superheroes brought back from the dead (with three notable exceptions, who were just too cool to leave out).With that out-of-the-way, here are the all-time coolest heroes from beyond the grave.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewLong before the days of Marvel Zombies, The House of Ideas created Simon William Garth, a singular zombie who first appeared back in 1953. Garth was an executive in New Orléans, who in a bizarre turn of events was attacked by his former gardener in retaliation for being fired.Soon, Garth is used in a ritual voodoo sacrifice, resulting in him being placed in a zombified state by the mystical Amulet of Damballah (which he wears around his neck). Initially a mindless savage killing machine, Garth is transformed into a semi-sentient being, able to possess a muted sense of empathy that led to him helping others.Blessed with super-strength and healing abilities, Zombie is nearly indestructible, his sole weakness being that he can be commandeered by anyone else possessing The Amulet of Damballah. Zombie has gone through various incarnations over the years, and has encountered the likes of Spider-Man, Blade and Deadpool. He remains a unique, singular presence in Marvel Comics, offering one of the earliest infusions of occult mysticism into the company's history.Batman isn't the lone nocturnal avenger in Gotham City. Simon Dark is an avenger of justice, protecting the residents of the downtrodden neighborhood known as "The Village." Dark is an amnesiac endowed with super-strength, speed, and agility, and he gained these powers through morbid and bizarre means: he's an amalgamation, created from the bodies of 20 young boys by a mad scientist who used occult magic from a villainous sect.However, Dark wasn't created to serve the dark occult powers that brought him into his world. On the contrary -- he was designed to take them out. This takes time, however; Dark has a slow evolution as a being with only childlike intelligence, who gradually grows into skilled fighter with a variety of macabre abilities like being resistant to bullets, clairvoyant, the ability to change his face, the power to bring back the dead, spell-casting capabilities, and the ability to transport into other dimensions.Dark is also aided by a group of shapeshifting servants known as The Familiars, who were also liberated from the evil cult he was created to destroy. A weird and eerie presence even by Gotham standards, Dark may not be as revered as The Dark Knight, but he certainly deserves more street cred.Mitchell "Mitch" Shelley is a southern lawyer who gets drafted into a top-secret medical experiment involving nanotechnology (conducted by a shadowy organization called The Lab). This process robs Shelley of his memory for months, but once it returns, he discovers the project has given him everlasting life...but with a catch.Resurrection Man is one of the more bonkers undead superheroes around. While he's technically immortal, he can still be killed, only to be brought back to life later. And with every rebirth, he's given a new superpower. Sometimes, these new abilities are mind-boggling, like transforming into a gigantic, bullet-proof beast. Other times, his new powers are on the 'meh' side, like changing his skin pigment. They're usually just flat-out odd, though (the ability to conjure fire-blasting butterflies, anyone?).Despite his novel concept, Resurrection Man has never really taken hold with comic book fans. He's a diamond in the rough, just waiting to be resurrected (sorry) to gain the acclaim he deserves.One of the less-celebrated stretchy superheroes has to be DC's Elongated Man. The character, whose real identity is Ralph Dibny, has the ability to stretch his limbs to great distances.  However, that's not only his only superheroic attribute: he's also one of the all-time great comic book detectives, second only to Batman in the DCU (though The Question certainly gives him a run for his money).Dibny was aided in his sleuthing business by his wife Sue, who was equally gifted in solving mysteries (the couple were often referred to as "the Nick and Nora Charles of the super-hero set," a reference to the married detective couple of the 1930s and '40s film series, The Thin Man).The Dibny's rather idyllic life was tragically cut short after Sue was savagely killed by Jean Loring in the 2004 mini-series Identity Crisis. Ralph's grief propels him to find any means necessary to resurrect Sue, but his dabbling in the supernatural ends with him dying as well.Despite shuffling off this mortal coil, the duo remained active from beyond the grave. They even continued as crime solvers, who turn their deductive reasoning to solving mysteries of the supernatural variety. Eventually, they both were resurrected in The New 52, but their stint as undead sleuths offered a unique take on the characters.Marvel's The Punisher, aka Vietnam veteran Frank Castle, is a relentless killing machine, waging a relentless war on crime. The character feels timeless, ageless, and despite being merely mortal, almost superhuman.For a brief period, Castle was actually transformed into supernatural form, after being decapitated by Wolverine's son Daken.  His remains are discovered by Morbius The Living Vampire and the Legion of Monsters, and the group work their undead magic and revive him as an undead Frankenstein-like beast (hence the note-perfect nickname).Hoping that they could harness Castle's military knowledge to help their cause, Morbius and his Legion are disappointed when he abandons them, remaining his isolationist self. But eventually, after seeing the plight of the group, he agrees to join forces with them while continuing his one-man-crusade against criminals. Castle would eventually be brought back to life in human form, but the Frankencastle arc remains an entertaining, if bizarre, chapter in his storied history.This supernatural sleuth, who originally appeared in 1974's The Tomb of Dracula #25, was cursed to live as a vampire after being attacked by the villainous Deacon Frost. Horrified at his transformation, King vows never to feed on another living soul, instead gaining his sustenance from blood banks, corpses, and animals. In many ways, his actions feel like a denial of his symptoms -- he rarely uses his undead abilities.But that doesn't mean, he never relies on his impressive supernatural skill-set, which includes immortality, a healing factor, and the power to turn into mist or even a werewolf.Given his affliction, King's detective duties are only carried out nocturnally, occasionally teaming up with the likes of Blade, Doctor Strange, and Spider-Man. Blade is a recurring character in King's trade, with the duo teaming up on various missions to battle vampires not as heroic as themselves. Eventually, Blade even helps King with his thirst for blood, providing a potion that takes away the urge entirely.A member of DC Comics' Seven Soldiers, Frankenstein (based on the classic Mary Shelley novel) is a slight departure from the literary and cinematic versions of the beast. Unlike those versions, where Dr. Frankenstein's monstrous creation is eventually killed, he instead travels from Europe to America after being resurrected a second time.In 2005, Frankenstein is awoken from hibernation to dispatch a race of monsters he had battled two centuries earlier. Despite being a primitive, undead being, Frankenstein leaves Earth to battle his arch-enemy Melmoth on Mars. This climactic battle ends with Mormoth's death, but not before he drops a bombshell on Frankenstein: the creature wasn't reanimated by lighting, but rather by Mormoth's blood, which still courses through his veins.Despite humanity's rejection, Frankenstein fights for them, facing off against classic DC villains like Darkseid, and eventually joining various super-teams. In addition to Seven Soldiers, he's also provided muscle to groups including Creature Commandos, S.H.A.D.E., and Justice League Dark. He may look horrifying, but he's as heroic as they come.One of the most bizarre members of (the already bizarre) mutant group X-Statix, Dead Girl (a.k.a., Moonbeam) is a double whammy in undead terms -- she's part zombie and part ghost. This unique beyond-the-grave hybrid had befittingly terminal origins: her mutation wasn't triggered until after death.Her powers give her the ability to reanimate any appendage that's severed from her body, as well as the power to rebuild her body from the molecular level, no matter how disastrous the damage. She's immune to toxins and can communicate with the dead, either through the spiritual realm or contact with physical remains (even at the bacterial level).All of these amazing morbid abilities, combined with her heightened physical strength and the power to temporarily resurrect the recently departed, makes Dead Girl one of the most imposing and unstoppable supernatural characters in comics, as well as one of the most powerful merry mutants in Marvel's X-history.A 119-year-old Irish Vampire, Proinsias Cassidy is a depraved immortal who teams up with the super-powered Preacher Jesse Custer. Their mission? To find God and make him answer for the evil sinners that he allows to go unpunished.To say that Cassidy is a troubled soul is a severe understatement -- a former drug addict who turned to prostitution to feed his habit, his actions have led to the death of several romantic partners. This reckless behavior led a voodoo priest to say "I honestly don't believe he's an evil man. Just careless. And thoughtless. And terribly, terribly weak."But the wayward bloodsucker begins a slow path to redemption, with his on-again, off-again friendship with Custer allowing brief moments of humanity to emerge between his savage, bloodthirsty ways. Blessed (or cursed) with powerful vampiric abilities and a perverse sense of humor, Cassidy is one of the most unforgettable characters in comics.A fatally injured American military officer is resurrected as a cyborg in a post-apocalyptic future. He's a "Deathlok" model, created by the evil Simon Ryker, designed as a super-soldier who verbally communicates with his symbiotic computer (or as he refers to it, "puter").However, Deathlok has no interest in being a tool of the military industrial complex, and instead turns against them, while battling the corporate interests that have taken over military operations. In this way, he tries desperately to cling onto his humanity, which remains an ever-present issue as he balances the robotic and organic halves of his personality.The Deathlok mantle has been passed to a variety of characters, from his original identity as Luther Manning, to multiple other incarnations (including an alternate reality Captain America in the pages of X-Factor), but his grizzled appearance and cybernetic abilities have remained mostly the same, with the occasional high-tech upgrade.A sci-fi/horror hybrid, Deathlok remains a nightmarish version of the future, even if he doesn't feel quite as far-fetched as he did when the character debuted in 1974.One of DC Comics' most ruthless and fascinating characters, The Spectre was originally Jim Corrigan, a beat cop who gets murdered by a gang of thugs. When his spirit is denied access to Heaven, Corrigan becomes an omnipotent vigilante who viciously hunts down his murderers, slaughtering them in ghoulish supernatural fashion.The Spectre continues his war on crime, doling out terminal punishment on anyone he deems a menace to society. Despite his lonely existence, he was eventually drafted into The Justice Society of America, and has gone through periods where he's not quite as bloodthirsty in vengeance, though he eventually returns to his role as the judge, jury, and executioner of the wicked.The character has also had a variety of human hosts besides Corrigan, including Green Lantern Hal Jordan and slain Gotham City officer Crispin Allen. But no matter the alter-ego, The Spectre's powers have remained consistent: he's able to bend time, space, and matter to his will, all of which supplies the ability to conjure whatever form of retribution he desires.Lt. Colonel Albert Francis "Al" Simmons' questions his military role after his sordid work in CIA black ops. His concerns become justified when he's murdered by his partner (and friend) Bruce Stinson. Simmons is then transported to Hell for the murders of innocent civilians during his CIA dealings.Simmons makes a deal with the demon Malebolgia, exchanging his soul in return for the ability to go back to Earth and see his wife Wanda. Simmons later discovers that not only that his wife has remarried, but he has been also transformed into Spawn, a monstrous being with supernatural powers, including immortality, teleportation, shape-shifting, and super-strength (to name but a few).Spawn isn't the most virtuous hero on this list; he isn't above killing and has occasionally lapsed into evil. In the end, however, he always returns to his antihero ways, saving his furor and unforgiving punishment for the scourge of humanity and various supernatural threats. He protects the most vulnerable among us while nursing a broken heart for his ex-wife. And his living, symbiotic costume is pretty damn awesome, too.Dr. Manhattan is one of the most powerful characters in the history of comic books. The Watchmen character has godlike abilities: he can manipulate atoms, teleport, duplicate, while also possessing a genius intellect and the power of precognition. But none of these omnipotent powers occurred until after his original identity, scientist Dr. Jonathan Osterman was vaporized during a lab experiment.Osterman was involved in a government experiment with intrinsic fields -- the ability to manipulate objects to disintegrate. In a poor stroke of fate, the scientist enters the chamber to recover his coveted keepsake watch. But a safeguard locks the door, and he's completely atomized as result.Over a series of months, Osterman slowly reconstitutes his form, from a floating nervous system, to the circulatory system, and later a muscled skeleton, before going through his final transformation: a nude, glowing, blue humanoid. Just like a holy resurrection, Manhattan is a mortal who returns with the powers of a deity.Eric Draven's life is ended in brutal fashion after a gang of murderers attack him and his wife Shelly. His death is made even more torturous when his attackers brutally rape and kill his wife Shelly right before his very eyes. His need for vengeance and his overwhelming sense of grief prove too powerful to end, even in death, and he's resurrected a year later by The Crow, a spirit of vengeance that allows the dead to come back and gain the justice they were denied in life.Draven's rebirth makes him impervious to pain, but perfectly able to dish it out tenfold upon the men that murdered him and his wife, killing them as savagely as he was murdered himself, but in vastly more creative ways. Once his vengeance is carried out, he's finally able to rest in peace.The Crow has resurrected many other unfortunate souls to enact their own vengeance, in both the film series and a host of comic book series, all of which keep the mystical entity's satisfying brand of undead karma very much alive.Boston Brand is a circus performer noted for his trapeze skills and his eerie, corpse-like makeup. But his ghostly visage becomes tragically prophetic after he's murdered by a mysterious villain known as The Hook.In a stroke of luck (or tragedy, depending on your take), Brand gains mystical powers from the DC Hindu god Rama Kushna to help bring his murderer to justice. Under his new identity as Deadman, he's able to maintain his consciousness while gaining ghostly powers (as well as being undetectable to humans). He's also able to leave his spectral form for brief periods, with the power to posses any living creature to do his bidding.Brand gained even more powers after he possessed the White Lantern ring (during the events of the Whitest Night miniseries), including the power to bring the dead back to life.One of the more underrated characters in DC Comics, Deadman has gained new notoriety as a member of the supernatural super-team Justice League Dark. With an upcoming animated and feature film in the works, he may just become a household name yet.--Which undead superheroes would you add to the list? Be sure to sound off in the comments section. (Feel free to mention your favorite Blackest Night or Marvel Zombie character, too!)Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With the ongoing success of the Street Fighter series and the much hyped Marvel Vs. Capcom: Infinite just around the corner now, it’s safe to say that some beloved arcade game franchises have been successful with modern reboots. However, a lot of our favorite coin-eating cabinets have been abandoned – consigned to nostalgic corners of our memories and trotted out in endless “classic” collections or forgotten entirely as newer games kept hitting the scene. It’s a shame too, because so many arcade games had fascinating premises and eye-catching art that were designed purely to grab attention, but could now be delved into for a richer experience with a modern remake. Cutting-edge graphics, heartier game engines, online multiplayer, virtual reality – the game industry has so much more at its disposal than it did in the ‘80s and ‘90s. With all these new tools game designers have, a lot of coin-operated classics could undergo a lot of polish or even be taken in exciting new directions. And so, since we live in the age of endless reboots, remakes, revivals and sequels, why not wonder what it would be like if we modernized some of our favorite arcade games? Thus here are 15 Arcade Games That Deserve A PC/Console Remake. Click the button below to start this article in quick viewBack when games were simpler, Rampage was a blast of cathartic fun. You and a couple friends could team up as a giant wolf, lizard and gorilla in order to get your Godzilla on and wreak pure havoc on an innocent city. Could you imagine how awesome this game could look with modern graphic capabilities? How the beasts' fur and scales could bristle with realism, and how glorious the wanton carnage would be as you trample through cities on your warpath? The display would be what the 2014 Godzilla should have been: non-stop kaiju chaos. It might also help to break away from the set-view, side-scrolling format and adopt a more open world approach to the levels. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild has shown how much fun it is to just explore an open world by climbing all over everything, so the only logical progression from there is to then have a game where you also smash everything that you climb. And with a movie based on the franchise set for 2018, we wouldn’t be surprised to see a new game in the near future. Imagine if the center of the galaxy was a giant robot demon face that roared “Run, Coward!” and tried to eat you. That’s what Sinistar was. Frantically flying your spaceship around the galaxy trying to build resources in order to prepare yourself for the eventual onslaught of a giant demon robot.Sinistar was known for its crushing difficulty back in the day, but that would make it welcome now as a rogue-like game. Imagine booting up a procedurally generated solar system or galaxy and desperately scouring the new planets for resources to upgrade your kit and battle what is essentially a hungry Death Star. The game could have a ticking clock to keep you on edge, Majora’s Mask style, or perhaps the Sinistar could be always out there looking for you, taking queues from Alien: Isolation or other survival horrors. Either way, it would be worth it alone to have game with a planet screaming “I hunger!” at you again . Every ‘90s kid would be able to recognize this beast: the big box with dinos on it, the horrible screeches of velociraptors, and those plastic red and blue light guns with a fifty-fifty chance that the red one was broken. Yes, it was the Jurassic Park arcade game, and it was an absolute blast. Hot off the heels of the classic Spielberg film, this game had all the dino-blasting you could hope for. And while there a series of other popular dinosaur shooting games on consoles, like Turok and Dino Crisis, the subgenre has all but fizzled out at this point. Now that the movie series has come back with Jurassic World, why not bring back the games as well? It could play a lot like a Far Cry game, where you have to navigate your way across the overrun theme park, rescuing innocents and gunning down the roaming predators that want you for lunch. Upgrade your gear, command your own squad of trained raptors, and fight the more wild hybrid monsters. Best of all, it could give you the chance to play as Chris Pratt. Who wouldn’t want that?One of the reasons why X-Men is so much fun as a franchise is its concept of a group of awesome individuals coming together to form an even more awesome team. The arcade game of X-Men took this to heart and offered up the option of 6-player co-operative play where each player got to control their own X-Men character, each with their own special power. The co-op, variety of play, distinct aesthetic of the comics in the early ‘90s, and solid beat-‘em-up gameplay made X-Men a favorite in arcades all over. With Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite and X-Men: Dark Phoenix coming out in the future, more X-Men games would be warmly welcomed. Now imagine if you had a game full of non-stop fighting and not six mutants, but all of the significant characters throughout the comics. Not only that, but with online multiplayer, grabbing a team of mutants would be painless. How cool would it be if you could go into a lobby as your favorite mutant and find five other players to tackle harrowing raid missions, a la Destiny? You could tackle great enemies like Magneto or Apocalypse, trying out different team compositions and power synergies every time. Or just charge in as six Wolverines, because that could probably defeat anything. Let’s be real for a second: Cooking Mama practically has a monopoly on food games. There are tons of guns and slews of slashing, but a real dearth of games that adopt the quirkier, more benign fun of making amazing food. That’s why it’s time for Burgertime to make a comeback. Is it silly and nonsensical for a man named Peter Pepper to climb up ladders and construct giant hamburgers while avoiding hostile eggs and pickles? Absolutely. But was that silliness and nonsense a ton of fun that many modern games lack? Absolutely.A modern Burgertime could take the stoic platforming of the original and turn it into a whole world of giant foods. Instead of just making burgers, maybe you also need to swing across ropes made of noodle to pull pasta down and turn it into a plate of spaghetti. There could be an ice level devoted entirely to frozen foods and ice cream, or a level where you acquire a knife to sword fight some pesky onions and veggies. The world of Burgertime would be your oyster – and maybe you’d get to serve literal oysters too!The first Metal Slug hit arcades in 1996, and ever since then you’d be hard pressed to find an arcade without at least one cabinet from the bombastic series. The run and gun gameplay was so purely chaotic and cathartic, it was easy to spend hours (not to mention all your quarters) just mindlessly mowing down bad guys with machine guns, flamethrowers, laser guns, homing missiles, and more. In 2006, the series came out with a third-person shooter on the PS2, but it was ultimately underwhelming and was never released outside of Japan. However, modern third-person shooters can be done extraordinarily well, delivering jaw-dropping action sequences thanks to the genre’s expanded camera view. Everything else that Metal Slug is known for – insane weapons, melee attack takedowns and vehicle segments – have all been implemented successfully in Gears of War and Mass Effect. So come on, SNK, it’s high time we boarded the SV and shot blue lasers all over the place in high definition. Horror first-person shooters are like having your cake and eating it too: it’s much more terrifying to see zombies coming at you through your "own eyes", but it also feels extra cathartic and gratifying when it feels like you’re shooting them down yourself. That premise is one that led to The House of the Dead being such a popular arcade game. The voice acting was notoriously bad and the story was an amalgam of cliches, but it was such a rush to be surrounded by ghouls with only your trigger finger to save you. Now shooters on rails like in arcades might not be as stimulating as first person shooters on consoles and PCs, however given that the current state of virtual reality hasn’t mastered movement yet, something like The House of the Dead would be a perfect fit. Instead of only looking straight ahead of you, VR could make you feel like zombies are coming from literally every angle – forcing you to snap back and forth, spraying bullets all around you, before being able to safely pass on to the next area. Let’s just hope they don’t try to base the game on the movie adaptation.Dig Dug was made in an earlier era of video gaming when gameplay concepts were thought of first and all the art presentation stuff was just built up around it, not really worrying about how seriously someone would take the worldbuilding. However, that’s not to say that a modern, newer take on Dig Dug wouldn’t be compatible with today’s game market. In fact, with all the grim and gritty, maybe a bit of silly monsters and wacky air pump combat would be refreshing. Given that verticality is such a pivotal theme in Dig Dug, it would make sense to make the newer incarnation a platformer. Digging up and down through caverns of various material could make for some interesting challenges. However, so much more can be done with the air pump. It could be thrown into certain points in the wall and pumped till they pop to unlock secret caverns or make bridges. Instead of killing every enemy, you might need to inflate some in order to use them as balloons across caverns or as flotation devices in water levels. It probably won’t be able to top Zelda’s hookshot any time soon, but the puzzle potential is plentiful! These days, the sidescrolling beat-‘em-up genre is mostly dominated by the Lego games, and for good reason. They so perfectly blend visual gags, goofy combat, puzzle-solving, and huge rosters of playable characters. A newer Simpsons game could do a lot with a similar model. With a show that has one of the biggest and most iconic bunch of characters, it’s such a shame that the original game only let you play as four of them. Instead of just endlessly whacking dudes with your skateboard as Bart, why not take control as Apu and chuck squishies at your foes? Attacking with nerdy ephemera as Comic Book Guy would be hilarious. Having two players playing as Itchy and Scratchy could make for endless wacky combo attacks.Not to mention how much untapped potential there is in all of The Simpsons content since the arcade game’s release in 1991. Mr. Plow, Homer’s wonder bat, the Monorail, countless Treehouse of Horror sketches – all of that is prime content for video game hijinks. Golden Axe is arguably one of the best side-scrolling hack and slash games to ever hit arcades, and certainly one of the most recognizable. It was a standard medieval-fantasy affair with a muscled barbarian, scantily-clad Amazon, and surly dwarven fighter, but its beast-riding and character-specific spells really the player feel like a mighty warrior. For a title as revered as Golden Axe is, it’s shocking that Sega hardly tried making modern iterations of it. With game engines being as powerful as they are now, games like God of War have revolutionized the hack and slash genre, offering up brutal combat with intimidating foes in high definition glory. A modern Golden Axe that took inspiration from God of War would be a spectacle indeed, because if Golden Axe would be able to keep its cooperative nature via online play, you could have not one, but two bloodthirsty warriors smiting great beasts. The co-op could go on to enhance the carnage as well, with the different characters’ magic abilities working in tandem with another in various destructive ways. Being Kratos is cool and all, but even the Wrath of Sparta can’t compared to what Gilius Thunderhead and Ax Battler could do together. When Dragon’s Lair hit arcades in 1983, it was unlike anything else at the time. Instead of controlling a bunch of pixels with bleeps and bloops, Dragon’s Lair was a full-fledged cartoon animated by the talented Don Bluth that you controlled through a series of quick-time events. It felt less like playing a game, and more like you were controlling a movie. That mission of cinematic immersion would work wonders today in the form of a virtual reality. Instead of feeling like a part of the movie, a virtual reality game could let you actually be in the movie. Rather than make you quickly input commands with a joystick, a VR Dragon’s Lair could test your reflexes through what you actually turn your head to look at during all the panic scenarios in the game. All of the humiliating death scenes in the game might feel a bit more personal when you’re looking through the character’s own eyes, but it would be worth it to feel like you yourself conquered the dragon and saved the princess. Robotron: 2084 might be most well known for popularizing the dual-joystick control scheme, but the game had a lot else going for it. Intuitive enemies, fast shooting, and the imperative to rescue civilians all made Robotron a thrill. While the game hardly hinted at it, there was also the theme of the struggle between humans and their creations. Modern games on PC and consoles now have the ability to maintain a narrative drive and explore complex sci-fi themes like this, which some series, like Deus Ex, have taken advantage of. A modern Robotron could tackle the questions of what happens when machines conclude that humanity is a damaging or obsolete force in the world. You would be fighting to save your fellow humans, but the hero of Robotron is mechanically modified himself, and someone grappling with that kind of hypocrisy could make for a compelling character. Slowly but surely, as you upgrade your character to become more and more powerful, they would progressively look more robotic and less human, making you wonder what’s the point in fighting machines if you’re becoming one yourself? If you’re not one to think too much about this things, at least it would give you the chance to bow up thousands of robots. The premise of Joust is a bit of a head-scratcher. Why are there armored knights, riding giant ostriches and vultures over pools of lava, trying to kill one another? Well, because the game came out in 1982, for one thing. But also because it was awesome! With its simple and tight controls, swords and sorcery aesthetic, and cooperative play, Joust became a smash hit in arcades all over. If a modern iteration were to take that original early ‘80s fantasy style and recreate it with modern graphics, it would look vibrant and stylistic – a refreshing departure from a lot of the more drab and gritty art styles many modern games have. Not only that, but Joust’s unique blend of competitive and cooperative gameplay could make a modern form a solid eSports contender. You could have a variety of giant birds, each with their own running and flying speeds and endurances, or a selection of different weapons to knock opponents out with. It would be a lot like For Honor, except for, well, giant flying birds. But flying makes everything better, right? We all probably remember Centipede mostly for its trackball control scheme and animated creepy crawlies, but did you know that the player character is actually a little elf with a magic wand? Yes, it turns out that you aren’t a normal-sized person with a gun, fending off giant bugs like many might’ve assumed, but rather a super tiny person, fighting normal-sized bugs amongst a field of mushrooms. Now that premise – feeling like a small creature in a huge world fighting giant monsters – is one that modern games have excelled at. Imagine a game like Shadow of the Colossus where you’re scouring the world hunting down a variety of insects – the world and beasts being mundane and small, but looking alien and terrifying from a tiny perspective. Alternatively, games series such as Monster Hunter and Dark Souls do a great job at combining RPG elements with exploring intimidating worlds and monumental boss battles. Customize your little elf with a variety of spells and abilities, live out your Honey I Shrunk The Kids fantasies, and tackle your arachnophobia head on. Who wouldn’t want that? With the days of the Star Wars: Rogue Squadron days behind us, and the Star Fox series only producing a console game about once a decade, there seems to be a real dearth of pure starship shoot-em-up video games. So why not bring back one of the granddaddies of them all; Galaga? Though technically the second game in its series (Galaxian being the first), Galaga arguably holds up as the most iconic thanks to its distinctive insect enemy types and those damn starships with the tractor beam. Losing a life to one of those could be frustrating, but it would all be worth it when you can rescue that ship and then control two at a time!A modern Galaga could be a blast, shooting through wave upon wave of hideous space bugs in glorious detail. It would also be a fitting experience for virtual reality as well, with the isolation of being the only fighter in space, and the dive-bombing tactics of the enemy bugs would give you the sensation of being personally swarmed. Plus seeing a blip on the screen get dragged away is one thing, but getting pulled away in a tractor beam while you witness it all from the cockpit view would be a whole different terror.---What arcade game would you most like to see get a PC or console remake? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In today’s movie landscape, one sub-genre stands above the rest: the comic book adaptation. A-listers and unknowns alike are scrambling to earn their place in the MCU or DCEU, and many are carving out a big budget career by taking on a solid lead or even supporting role in these franchises. Many of these actors have one significant thing in common: they got their start on a TV series.Though superhero films of the past weren’t the box office moneymakers they are today, it was always considered an impressive step to make the leap from the small to big screen. And while we’ve been turning our attention to the easier-to-consume and refreshingly unique world of television as of late, the holy grail for many actors is still to score a gig as a hero or villain in international theaters. After all, whether the film was a financial flop or a record-breaking masterpiece, the actor or actress in question still earned themselves a place in movie history.Here are 15 Comic Book Actors Who Got Their Start On TV.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewBefore Deadpool became the Golden Globe-nominated phenomenon it is today, star Ryan Reynolds had an interesting career. He began acting as a teenager in Canada, with a lead role on the teen drama Hillside, (the much shorter-lived interim Degrassi, if you will).But Reynolds quickly became known simply as Berg, one of the three young stars of Two Girls, a Girl, and a Pizza Place, who was often the comic relief as a ditzy yet extremely intelligent waiter and medical student. The title was later changed when they dropped the pizza joint and the crew got other jobs, and Berg became less of a joke as he evolved into the responsible future doctor.Shortly after the cancellation of Two Guys and a Girl, Reynolds got his first big role as the star of National Lampoon’s Van Wilder. Playing a sarcastic party boy quickly paved the way for roles in both Marvel and DC adaptations, as Blade: Trinity’s Hannibal King and the leading man in Green Lantern. But his true calling was always Wade Wilson, and even after the character assassination that was X-Men Origins: Wolverine, last year’s Valentine’s Day smash hit brought sweet redemption for Reynolds as the quippy antihero he was born to play.The Scottish actor began with bit parts on TV and film, but got his first big break as Steve in the first two seasons of the original British series Shameless, long before the American version came to Showtime. McAvoy went on to marry his Shameless co-star Anne-Marie Duff and take on larger and larger roles in quick succession, from Mr. Tumnus in The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe to his BAFTA-nominated lead performances in The Last King of Scotland and Atonement.Though admittedly not a comic book fan, McAvoy was allegedly excited to take on the role of a younger Charles Xavier in the rebuilt X-Men franchise beginning with X-Men: First Class, through to the most recent Apocalypse. But McAvoy hasn’t gone completely commercial: he’s stayed true to his theater roots with various West End performances. In fact, he’s been nominated for the Laurence Olivier Best Actor Award for all of his last three roles, in Three Days of Rain, Macbeth, and The Ruling Class.While we obviously don’t know much about what the future (or past, or future past…) holds for the young Professor X, it’s likely that it will involve McAvoy.Speaking of the latest X-Men films, Jennifer Lawrence began in First Class as a burgeoning actress and wrapped up Apocalypse as the film’s biggest movie star. But JLaw’s career began quietly, like most of the others on this list. After guest appearances on shows like Monk and Cold Case), her role as the teenage daughter on TBS sitcom The Bill Engvall show in the mid-aughts hardly brought her fame, but it did help angle her into film.Enter Winter’s Bone, a captivating indie flick that earned Lawrence her first Academy Award nomination. The heroic Ree must have sparked something in the actress, because she went on to play the super-powered Mystique in the X-Men franchise, as well as the force of nature Katniss Everdeen in The Hunger Games films.These series, in addition to the trio of David O. Russell films that earned her more Oscar nods (and one win), have kept Lawrence busy and earned her the title of the highest-paid young actress in Hollywood today. She headed straight for the big screen and never looked back at TV, and with plenty more in the works, it’s likely we’ll be seeing her in movies for many years to come.Yet another actress who rose to the top of the Hollywood food chain, Berry, like a few others on this list, has seen both very high highs and very low lows throughout her career. She became a sex symbol in the ‘90s, and achieved critical acclaim in the early ‘00s, still holding the title of the only black woman to ever receive the Best Actress Academy Award after her 2002 win for Monster’s Ball. But the actress had humble beginnings, with her first-ever role as a model on the Who’s the Boss? spinoff, Living Dolls, which lasted just 12 episodes before cancellation.Just before her Oscar-winning performance, Berry hit the big screen as Storm in 2000s X-Men. Her performance wasn’t particularly well-received, but after ditching the awkward Caribbean-hybrid accent, she has more or less become more accepted in the universe. Berry followed up X2 with a dip in the DC pool in Catwoman -- and the result, as we all know, was a horrific, sexist disaster of a film.Putting Catwoman aside, Berry has been a continued presence in the X-Men franchise, even with newcomer Alexandra Shipp portraying a younger version of Storm in X-Men: Apocalypse. So what does the future hold for Berry in this role? We've probablyyou can never be sure seen the last of her, but in the X-Men universe, .The latest big screen iteration of Catwoman came in 2012’s The Dark Knight Rises, the third and final film in Christopher Nolan’s Batman trilogy. Anne Hathaway played Selina Kyle as comic book fans know her: an antiheroine, femme fatale, cat burglar, and simultaneous foil and love interest for Bruce Wayne/Batman. Hathaway was widely praised as the best Catwoman on film (or at least, second best, after Michelle Pfieffer’s turn as the vixen in Batman Returns).Considering the actress’s past successes, this wasn’t surprising to her fans. Hathaway is a trained stage actress and singer, and has gone on to show off these skills in performances such as that of Fantine in the film adaptation of Les Miserables. And while many know her originally as the awkward Mia Thermopolis in the Princess Diaries series, her first acting job was in the short-lived FOX comedy Get Real, where she played Jesse Eisenberg’s older sister. Fun fact: The two stars later worked together to provide the voices for the two main characters in Rio.Before he was a full-blown superstar, Chris Pratt graced our TV screens on a number of occasions, beginning with the WB drama Everwood, where he played the affable jock Bright Abbott. As soon as the series wrapped up, he landed himself a recurring role on The O.C., another hit on the once teen-centric network, as Summer’s activist friend at Brown. But it was his breakout TV role as the hilarious Andy Dwyer on Parks and Recreation that solidified his comedy chops in the acting world.While he conquered the small screen, Pratt continued to take on supporting parts in movies such as the horror thriller Jennifer’s Body and the Judd Apatow-produced rom-com The Five-Year Engagement. At long last, Pratt achieved leading man status in 2014 as two very different kinds of heroes: animated do-gooder Emmet in The LEGO Movie and Peter Quill, better known as Star-Lord, a thief and all-around ne’er-do-well who finds himself the leader of a group of misfits who save a planet in Guardians of the Galaxy.Now it seems there’s no stopping Pratt. He’s become a regular action star, with Jurassic World, Passengers, and the upcoming Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. Chances are we won’t see him back on TV anytime soon.Though all on this list have become well-known for their superhero or villain roles, none have been so iconic that they were then lightly parodied in a role they later played. Michael Keaton’s turn as Batman in the Tim Burton film of the same name and its sequel, Batman Returns, was not without controversy, but many still consider him to be “their” big screen Bruce Wayne. Which is why the joke was not lost on most when Keaton played the lead in Birdman, portraying an actor attempting to reinvigorate his career after achieving fame years prior with a superhero role.Though Keaton never took to theater the way Riggan Thompson did, he has continued to pick up fairly regular work in film since his Batman days. He has rarely returned to TV, even though his first job of note was as Mike O'Rourke on Working Stiffs, opposite Jim Belushi. And now that some time has passed, Keaton’s ready to dive back into the comic book realm: he’s portraying the villainous Vulture in the upcoming Marvel flick, Spider-Man: Homecoming.The trajectory of Jim Carrey’s career could never have been predicted from his humble beginnings as a cast member on In Living Color, the 1990s sketch comedy series produced by the Wayans Brothers. Carrey had started off as a stand-up comic, and had a few small parts on TV and film before the solid gig brought him widespread attention. This was undeniably his breakaway platform, as soon after its cancellation, Carrey hit the big screen hard with four wins in quick succession: Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, The Mask, Dumb and Dumber, and of course, his turn as The Riddler in Batman Forever.After establishing himself as a comedian like no other, Carrey has continued to alternately delight and disappoint. He’s tried his hand at more serious roles with modest success ranging from The Truman Show to Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Most recently, Carrey has decided to take his talents back to the small screen, but this time he’s behind the camera, with his new Showtime series I'm Dying Up Here set to premiere in June.This is one actress who has been all over the map, on both TV and film. She got her real start on the small screen, though, as Maya in the first two seasons of the Flipper series, and then as the genetically-enhanced teenage soldier Max, the lead character on FOX’s Dark Angel.Though the latter only lasted for two seasons, it carved out a place for Alba in the action world. She stared in the dance flick Honey, as well as two films based on comic books in the same year. 2005 brought both the neo-noir adaptation Sin City and the 20th Century Fox offering, Fantastic Four, where she took on the part of Sue Storm. Alba reprised both her Invisible Woman role and that of Nancy Callahan in sequels, but most of her focus these days is on her jobs as supermom and entrepreneur at The Honest Company. She’s continued to act, but spends a lot more time promoting her company than her low-profile film projects.Though it only lasted one season on ABC, My So-Called Life has gained a cult following since going off the air in 1995. The show is thought by many to be the ultimate representation of the ‘90s high school experience, and Jared Leto portrayed the ultimate teenage girl fantasy: the hot, complicated bad boy with a soft side. The role of Jordan Catalano was what launched Leto’s acting career, though the star has proven that he, like Jordan, has many layers. He’s also a musician, a director, and a business owner.Still, Leto remains most well-known for his many acclaimed roles on the big screen. His unforgettable performance as an addict in Requiem for a Dream and his Academy Award-winning turn as a transgender woman with HIV in Dallas Buyers Club each established him as a dramatic force in the acting world.He is often thought of for his method acting practices, but never more so than in his latest role as the Joker in Suicide Squad. Taking on the part that Heath Ledger won a posthumous Oscar for would be considered a daunting task for most actors, but in the role, Leto proved once again that he is fearless and intensely dedicated to his craft (even if his take on the Clown Prince of Crime wasn't everyone's cup of tea).While many don’t get to play a superhero until well into their careers, Jennifer Garner’s experience was a bit different. The actress started off with small parts on TV and film before she was asked to audition for Alias, her breakout television role that earned repeated Emmy and Golden Globe awards.Showing that she could kick some serious butt on the small screen, Garner began to score more movie roles, and was soon cast as Elektra in 2003’s Daredevil. Though the flick was not particularly well-received, it did lead to two big wins for Garner: her own solo superhero movie, Elektra, and her ten-year marriage to (and three children with) Ben Affleck.But Elektra proved to be a critical and box office disaster, seemingly proving that Garner wasn’t really cut out for the action world beyond Alias. She transitioned to rom-coms, and has comfortably remained there for the last decade. Still, she’s carved out a niche for herself, and she seems to be doing well. Time will tell if we’ll ever see Garner fighting on-screen again.If you don’t know how Will Smith got his start, then you must have been absent for the entire decade that was the 1990s. After the rapper was discovered in Philadelphia, NBC built a pilot around him, and the rest is pop culture history. The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air was a staple of ‘90s TV, but by the end of the series, Smith had already started putting feelers out elsewhere, clearly ready to head to the big screen.While continuing to put out family-friendly beats, Smith took the action world by storm with hits like Bad Boys, Independence Day, and Wild Wild West. He took things to another level with I Am Legend, and proceeded to mix it up with rom-coms (Hitch) and drama (The Pursuit of Happyness). But in the last several years, Smith hasn’t exactly been churning out the hits.Enter Suicide Squad, the flick that finally made him a comic book villain. Smith’s performance was solid, and it seems to be one the actor really enjoyed -- he’s even expressed that he’d be interesting in reprising the role in the upcoming Gotham City Sirens.Though many fans may remember him for his back to back parts in Jason Katims' series Friday Night Lights and Parenthood, true TV buffs will recall Michael B. Jordan’s memorable turn as the teenage drug dealer Wallace on season one of The Wire. The fresh, youthful actor has gone on to make quite an impact. 2013’s biographical Fruitvale Station was met with very positive critical reception, ending up with a 94% Rotten Tomatoes rating.He followed up the drama with the buddy rom-com That Awkward Moment before hitting 2015 with two action-packed offerings: Creed, an extension of the Rocky film series, and the rebooted Fantastic Four, where he played the Human Torch. Unfortunately, the latter flick was a flop, and Jordan’s first brush with comic book stardom came to a swift and controversial end. But the actor is getting a second chance at tights in the upcoming Black Panther film, where he's set to play the supervillain Erik Killmonger, a role he seems very excited to take on.Now a legitimate movie star, Irish actor Michael Fassbender actually spent several years on TV before making the leap to film, and has never looked back. His first role is one of his most notable: he starred opposite a few others on this list in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers, which he followed up with several BBC TV movies and guest appearances on a number of British programs.Fassbender’s first film role was also one of note, as he played a Spartan in 300. He then played an important part in Quentin Tarantino’s Inglourious Basterds, which was soon followed by his first appearance as Magneto in X-Men: First Class. (He also played a villain in the critical/commercial disaster that was 2010's Jonah Hex, but we can all pretend that didn't happen.)In addition to reprising Magneto on two occasions, Fassbender has gone on to make his mark in film with starring roles in the controversial drama Shame, the 2015 Steve Jobs bipoic, and last year’s video game adaptation, Assassin’s Creed. He currently has several big flicks in post-production, so it’s unlikely he’ll be headed back to TV anytime soon.Because there isn’t a list specifically for actors who got their start winning a modeling competition, Tom Hardy’s first role in Band of Brothers will have to suffice. That was also the year he had a small part in Black Hawk Down, but was still several years before he would become a Myspace selfie king (before the word “selfie” was even a thing).Hardy continued to act steadily in films, TV, and on stage throughout the ‘00s, notably starring in the acclaimed bio-drama Bronson and the psychological thriller Inception, among others. After he landed the role of Batman's back-breaking enemy Bane in The Dark Knight Rises, Hardy became a household name, and made the surprising (and very British) decision to spend more time on TV, as a recurring character in Peaky Blinders.Meanwhile, he still had time to appear in movies. In 2015 alone, he starred as the titular hero in the reboot Mad Max: Fury Road, pulled double-duty as twin leads in Legend, and acted alongside Leonardo DiCaprio in The Revenant, for which he earned an Oscar nomination. At present, Hardy can be found once again on your TV screen, in the British miniseries Taboo, of which he is also co-creator. Is there anything this man can’t do?--What other superheroes and supervillains got their start on the small screen? Let us know in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Most comic book characters have an iconic look, and some are even lucky enough to land the right look right off the bat. People like Superman and Batman have definitely gone through changes, but their core appearance has not truly changed since they debuted. You can still go back to the very first issue of either hero's comic and instantly recognize them. Not all characters are that fortunate, though.Heroes and villains alike have gone through that phase of trying to find themselves just like teenagers do. To be fair, not every character who changed their first appearance started with a terrible look, but obviously it lacked a little something special at the time to be the look that stuck.We're going to check out those abandoned outfits and examine why they weren't good enough to last in 15 Comic Book Characters Who Look Totally Different From When They Debuted.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewWhen Harley first started appearing in Batman: The Animated Series, she fit her name perfectly with her court jester costume. The classic red and black costume was what she commonly wore for years and seemed to be an enduring look. Then the Arkham Batman games introduced a Harley who ditched her head piece in favor of dyed pigtails, and started wearing skimpier clothing. It was the beginning of a drastic change for the villain, and marked the beginning of her departure from being a sidekick.Nowadays Harley Quinn is almost unrecognizable from her classic attire. In the comics ,her clothes have gotten more revealing than ever and she's the star of her own comic series. And thanks to the Suicide Squad movie there are now a whole lot of people whose introduction to Harley is a look that only has a slight connection to her origins as a classic jester.While each of the men who have been the Flash have not changed the look of their own costume that much, the look of the Flash as a whole has changed remarkably. We started off with Jay Garrick's Flash who, while influential, also had a costume that left a lot to be desired. In particular the metal mixing bowl used as a helmet stands out, but the shirt and pants also look like something Jay just pulled out of the closet. The better costumes are probably part of the reason Jay's successors have endured more.Barry Allen and Wally West don't have as much of a significant difference in their costumes, but they took the best of what Jay introduced and made it more heroic. The addition of the mask is definitely a more functional improvement on the helmet, and the consistent color scheme is nice too. The change in costume was so good that Barry Allen's Flash has become the definitive look of the hero now.While the Ares of the Wonder Woman movie was not a great match for his iconic look of the comics, he did eventually start sharing more of a resemblance. By the time Ares encased himself in armor, he did have the basic look of his comic self. But then the Ares of the comics has also changed a lot over time. The look he's most known for is his blue armor that only leaves his glowing red eyes showing.The first look of Ares was nowhere near as intimidating, though. As you can see above, when Ares first showed up he was just a normal human in a Roman Legionnaire's armor. Admittedly it fit well with his origin as the Roman God of War Mars, but it lacked anything memorable or scary. Ares has had other human guises over the years, but you can't beat his undead Legionnaire look.Today Catwoman is one of Batman's most flirtatious villains. She usually shows up in skin tight and revealing outfits, and makes seduction a regular part of her one-liners. Michelle Pfeiffer is the look many movie-goers associate with the character: the cat ears, the form fitting black costume, and claws that are part of the outfit. But it was a long road for Catwoman to reach her iconic appearance.When Selina Kyle first debuted in the 1940s, she wasn't even called Catwoman. At the time, Selina was simply called the Cat, and her look was anything but flirtatious. Fans might enjoy the cat ears on the modern Catwoman, but a furry cat head mask? Selina has had a lot of costume changes over the years, and even her modern look isn't one that has been pinned down, but it's safe to say that just about any of them are better than the original. Time has revealed beyond a shadow of a doubt that Tony Stark is anything but a humble guy. He's wealthy and powerful and he enjoys the world knowing about it. So his modern armor is not only functional, but also very flamboyant. Nothing plain would do for Tony, so all of the different armors he has broken out on different occasions have been fully decorated in bright and stylish colors. But even a billionaire has to have humble beginnings.Tony's very first costume really did live up to his heroic name of Iron Man. The original costume for the hero truly did look like nothing more than a walking suit of iron. Obviously Tony was more concerned with saving his life at the time than being stylish, so the lack of ornamentation is understandable. The closest thing we have to the original Iron Man nowadays is the color scheme for War Machine.When talking about how Nick Fury has changed over the years, one of the biggest differences is obvious, but it's not just his race has changed. His original costume was actually quite a bit different than what he wears in his S.H.I.E.L.D. days.Nick started out in the comic Sgt. Fury and His Howling Commandos, which featured a much more realistic take on Fury being a military member. He even had both of his eyes when he first debuted.Over time Nick switched over to being the commander of S.H.I.E.L.D. and adopted the classic outfit everyone remembers. But the biggest change came about thanks to the MCU, since comic creators have shown they're willing to adopt what works from other versions of their characters. Though one version of Fury in the comics had already been based on Samuel L. Jackson prior to Jackson's casting in Iron Man, his hit role in the MCU led to a wide redesign in the comic books to better reflect the man many fans now knew as Fury.Since the Hulk usually tears through most of whatever clothes Bruce Banner is wearing at the time, you would not think he'd really have much of a look to change. But when we are talking about the Hulk what are the two traits you would use to describe him? Probably that he is green and that he is strong, right?The Hulk is known as the Jade Giant for a reason. That's certainly true of the modern version of the Hulk, whose toxic-green body often towers over his opponents. The original version of the character lacked both of those qualities, though.In the very first appearance of the Hulk, this alternate form of Bruce Banner was supposed to be gray, as seen by the cover of the comic. The artists quickly changed their minds, though, and went with green from that point onwards, though a gray version of the Hulk did eventually reappear.Even the size of the original Hulk was off. He was still undeniably bigger than a normal man, but he was a far cry from the jacked monster we know now.Captain Mar-Vell is one of the rare comic book characters who has actually stayed dead - for the most part - since his infamous demise. Given that, his costume hasn't had as much chance to update as others on this list what with him not really walking around much anymore. But mention the name Captain Mar-Vell and everyone immediately pictures his blonde hair, and his red and black body suit. Nobody really mentions that it took him a bit of time to develop that costume, though.When Mar-Vell first showed up his outfit was far more reflective of the fact that he was from another planet, featuring a futuristic fusion of green and gray. Even his original symbol referenced his otherness by emblazoning a planet across his torso. It was only after Mar-Vell gained some new abilities that he made the costume switch which helped humanize him by showing off more of his face.The Guardians of the Galaxy weren't the big stars that they are now before they received their live-action movie, so maybe you don't know what Drax the Destroyer looked like before Bautista took on the role. His modern comic look is pretty close to his movie appearance, complete with blueish green skin and a body covered in tattoos. When he first started out, Drax had a lot more in the way of an actual costume.In his early days, Drax actually wore a shirt, and he kept everything all purple. As you can see he even violates the rule from The Incredibles and also used to sport a large cape. The old attire doesn't look terrible, and actually gives Drax kind of a regal look. It's hard to picture Bautista ever sporting this in any of the movies, but it's really not such a bad look for a hero.Any character who has stuck with a new identity could easily qualify for this topic since a new identity also usually comes with a new outfit. Not too many characters have done that, but Carol Danvers is a great example of how much it changes a character's look.Her first outfit as Ms. Marvel was her most revealing costume, essentially just a feminized version of Captain Mar-Vell's iconic look. Carol's subsequent iterations on the outfit would be a little less revealing, and eventually she'd adopt her signature black version of the Ms. Marvel costume.The death of Captain Mar-Vell had left his title open for years, and eventually Carol decided it would be fitting to take her old mentor's title. Carol ditched her mask and adopted a full-body suit in a new color scheme. She even cut her hair for the occasion, making this a drastic reveal for her debut as the new Captain Marvel.With how much each of the X-Men have changed, we could have had enough entries to do an article on them alone. Despite the core members of Xavier's team starting out in their classic matching yellow and black outfits, they've each since branched out in drastic ways. The original outfits might have been good for conveying the unity of their teams, but matching outfits are really better suited to sports teams than superheroes.The one element you'd think more of the members could have kept would be the masks since they worry so much about facing scrutiny due to being mutants. But Wolverine is one of the few who actually stuck with the mask following the X-Men branching out in their outfits.Overall, the redesigns have been great for diversifying the members. The classic colors are okay for a throwback look, like in X-Men: First Class, but it's definitely nice to see the individuality of each member.One thing you can say about the Blade movies is that they popularized the vampire hunter with a memorable look. Wearing sunglasses indoors and pairing it with a leather trench coat might be more associated with The Matrix, but it's actually become more enduring for Blade. After all The Matrix franchise has pretty much run out of steam for the time being, while Blade's look has endured in his comics and continues to linger on now. But what did he look like before?The Blade of the '70s actually did still have a coat and glasses, but nothing like how we now think of him. His old look had gold glasses that didn't really have that cool side effect of hiding his eyes. And his coat was just an odd green accessory that doesn't exactly inspire fear. Finally, because it was the '70s, Blade naturally had to have an afro too.Daredevil's modern outfit has endured for pretty obvious reasons. When going with the theme of being a hero who could be called a devil, the right color scheme matters. Daredevil has had a black variant of the outfit before, but red is the color most associated with fire and demons, so it fits his motif. Paired with the horns on his mask, Daredevil's modern outfit and color variant instantly conveys what his gimmick is supposed to be. His original outfit, not so much.Back when Daredevil debuted in the '60s, his first costume was the yellow, black, and red design that you can see above. The unitard itself, regardless of its colors, already looks pretty dorky when paired with the body suit. But the color is what really makes this outfit an eye sore.Heroes who rely on sneaking around should definitely stick to darker colors. This yellow costume looks pretty silly, and is more befitting of Reverse-Flash than Daredevil.Drax isn't the only member of the Guardians of the Galaxy to get updated, though Groot may be the most surprising. Groot doesn't even have a costume to speak of since he's simply a sentient tree. But as we have seen in the movies, Groot can wind up looking quite different when he's regrowing, so you could theorize that he has different looks depending on how he grows back. That might explain the difference between his old look and his modern look, at least.Before Groot developed the lean, sleek body that he has today, he was quite a hulking tree creature. It certainly made Groot look stronger and scarier; a far cry from the friendly guy we see today. But perhaps most remarkable is that Groot used to be able to talk like a normal person back in the day. However, around the same time his body leaned out, his vocabulary also became far more limited.Black Widow's classic costume is really extremely simple, be it in the movies or in the comics. Natasha keeps things very basic with a plain black outfit with very little in the way of frills. She wears some accessories on her wrists and on her belt, but otherwise Black Widow keeps things nondescript. The only other signature thing about her is her bright red hair. It certainly works well enough for her background as a Russian spy.Usually plain-looking characters have to go more extravagant to find their signature look, but Black Widow's trajectory happened the opposite way. Her original costume was actually much more traditional for a superhero, complete with a mask and cape. Even Natasha's hair was different to start, with her initial look including black hair. This look proves that flashy clothes don't always beat functional, though, since the simple look is Black Widow's classic costume.---Are there any characters whose original look you miss? Tell us your thoughts on the changes in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Don't be fooled by Chris Evans' charming smile, Captain America is boring as [language!]. Especially considering his only real superpower is being able to hold a shield really well (and paint). So it's no surprise to overcome all that red, white and bland Marvel has found the need to place their Sentinel of Liberty in some truly bizarre situations during his 75 plus years of patriotic crusading.By now, we're all familiar with his origins. Wanting nothing more than to kill Nazis for a living, scrawny 110-lb Steve Rogers volunteers to shoot up a super soldier serum, and as a reward, he's transformed into a perfect human specimen. After a few successful wartime missions, he takes several decades off to nap in a glacier, then revives to lead the Avengers and banter with Scarlet Johansson.Overall, there are few superheroes more iconic or steadfast, which is why it is so enjoyable to relive all the crazy things he's been thrown into over the years. While there is no doubt comics are messed up as a whole, the last thing you'd expect is to see Cap get caught up in all that incest, racism and sexual victimization. Yet here we are, written proof that Captain America can offend, philander, and cross-dress with the best of them.Here are the 15 Most WTF Things Captain America Has Done.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewCaptain America wakes up one day and has a mind-blowing revelation -- drugs are bad. You see, while the rest of the country's been tirelessly battling a narcotic epidemic over the past 100 years, the nation's staunchest protector has oddly turned a blind eye. Maybe it has something to do with the fact he owes his superpowers to synthetically enhanced drugs. Maybe he's just been too busy punching Hitler in the face. Either way, that all comes to a crashing halt in Captain America #372-378's when Steve Rogers enforces his own personal war on drugs by getting high as a star-spangled kite.On the first stop of his heroic anti-drug tour, Cap gets blown up in a meth lab. He immediately forms a methamphetamine addiction, turns into a drug-crazed maniac, and grows a scruffy beard (as addicts are wont to do). Because the drug bonds to the super soldier serum in his blood, Rogers also becomes stronger than ever and embarks on a half-baked trippy adventure beating the crap out of Daredevil, eating all of Kingpin's spaghetti, and spontaneously clucking like a chicken. After going through an Avenger intervention and nasty withdrawal, Captan America decides he'll just say no to fighting drugs in the future and go back to doing what he does best -- cold clocking Nazis.Moral of the Story: there's no better way to deter youth from doing drugs than by showing how powerful and hilarious Captain America is when he's on them.During 1976's Captain America's Bicentennial Battles, Steve Rogers gets duped by the sorcerer Mister Buda into going on a journey through time to find the true meaning of “America.” This includes fighting the US Cavalry alongside Geronimo, starring in a Hollywood musical, boxing a man with a curly mustache, ending slavery, and witnessing a laser fight on the Moon. There's also this piece of paradoxical revisionist history they failed to teach us in elementary school -- Captain America's outfit inspired the American flag.Arriving during the days of the Revolutionary War, Cap sits down to a cup of tea with Benjamin Franklin and Betsy Ross. Franklin is struck with a bout of inspiration from Cap's manner of dress and immediately sketches a design for a new flag for the Continental Army. Realizing what's happening, Steve Rogers freaks out and runs away like a lunatic. Apparently trying to figure out which came first -- the costume or the flag -- is too much for Cap to bear.What's really crazy about this moment is that Marvel decided a woman shouldn't be credited with creating the American flag, and instead had Betsy Ross take a backseat to Benjamin Franklin's genius. Of course, this isn't the first instance of Benji Bifocals sticking his lightning rod where it didn't belong. There was also that one time he slept with Doctor Strange's girlfriend. But that's neither here nor there. What's important is that the United States should be grateful Mister Buda didn't send Spider-Man back in time.We're all quite familiar with Steve Rogers' tragic romancing of Peggy Carter, which ended on account of his being an icicle for several decades and her getting old and wrinkly. Just as well known is his modern-day hookup with her great-niece, Sharon Carter, thanks to their random kiss during Civil War. Well, back in the '60s, before these relationships got the MCU treatment, Peggy was actually Sharon's older sister, and in Captain America #165, he tried to pull off dating them both at the same time. America, Eff Yeah!The details are a bit convoluted, but in brief, Peggy and Steve used to date during WWII. Peggy got a bout of amnesia and forgot they broke up. Years later, despite Steve having moved on to her hotter sister, Peggy is left thinking they're still in a relationship. Rather than suffer through an awkward moment dealing with the stupid truth, Captain America decides to lie to Peggy so as not to “hurt her feelings.” Meanwhile, whenever Peggy is out of sight, he trades up for the younger model and lets Sharon get all up in his shield.The most recent entry on our list came at the end of 2016's Captain America: Steve Rogers #1, when the Star-Spangled Avenger slapped us all in the face by uttering, “Hail Hydra.” This was just too much for some readers, so they sent death threats to writer Nick Spencer. How dare he make Captain America -- the very same man that once made Hitler eat a fist sandwich -- a servant of Marvel's quasi-Nazi regime! So outrageous was this moment that everyone showed their vehement disapproval by going out and buying more comics. Take that, Marvel.The events surrounding Cap's turn to the dark side are strange and convoluted. They involve the Red Skull dressing up as a priest, two different Captain Americas going at it, and a cosmic cube called Kobik moonlighting as a little girl. At the crux of it all, Steve Rogers has had his memories rewritten, so he now believes he's been raised as a sleeper agent of Hydra, which apparently also means he hates gorillas. In Captain America: Steve Rogers #4, we find Cap sinking to new lows by putting into action his new plans for Hydra. This includes stealing a secret lab from longtime Fantastic Four villain Red Ghost and his trio of soviet super-apes, all of whom he murders on the spot. While few can ever reach Batman levels of animal brutality, watching Captain America savagely bash a gorilla's head to a pulp definitely comes close.Aka being drawn by Rob Liefeld. In the '90s, Liefeld was one of the most in-demand comic artists, and as such, he was given free reign to do whatever he wished with Marvel's most beloved superheroes and their bodily proportions. Thus, in 1996, the world got Heroes Reborn, a modern makeover that flipped off seven million years of evolution and gave a whole new meaning to the word pinhead. Women got all their stomachs removed and backs broken. Men were inflated with mega-muscles previously unknown to science. Everyone received tiny feet (or none at all). Ginormous guns abound. And pouches. So, so many pouches. Still, none of that came close to Captain America's massive man pecs.Criticizing Rob Liefeld's nuanced drawing style has been pretty much beaten to death. More rare are those brave souls defending his anatomical abominations. Kudos to them. We're not here to say what is right or wrong when it comes to reality or decency or the number of pouches on one's belt. All we're saying is what the eff is up with that chest? And those arms? And the way his chest looks like it's trying to become a part of his arms? Even Cap's shield has muscles. And don't get us started on what he looks like naked. It takes quite an Escherian feat of artistry to defy biology, physics, and perspective all at the same time. Though maybe instead of chastising Mr. Liefeld, we should be admonishing Captain America for eating the Incredible Hulk whole.The Vietnam War showed America that it could lose. Watergate proved that politicians truly were crooks. The Beatles had just broken up. The pornstache was in vogue. Life couldn't get any lower that it did during the '70s. Worst of all, no one wanted to buy Captain America comics anymore. Sure the character's unshakable patriotism made sense when he was fighting Nazis during World War II, but now he was just championing a nation rife with corruption and poor fashion choices. So what do you do if you're Marvel? Have Richard Nixon shoot himself in the head, of course.In 1974's Captain America #175, Steve Rogers uncovers a secret empire controlling the US government. He quickly learns the conspiracy goes all the way to the top and confronts their mysterious hooded leader in the Oval Office. Unmasking the tyrant, Rogers is shocked beyond belief to find someone he knows all too well. Realizing the gig is up, the villain nonchalantly blows his own brains out right in front of Captain America's virginal eyes. While the character in question is never explicitly referenced as being the then-current President Nixon, it's pretty obvious that Marvel just killed off Tricky Dick to boost sales. (Not to mention the fact that writer Steve Englehart has said he very much intended it be Nixon.)Because watching Richard Nixon shoot himself in the head was just too much to handle, the Sentinel of Liberty decided to quit America. This conveniently coincided with the rest of the country's similar disillusionments over the failings of government, so no one really cared (unlike when Superman renounced his U.S. citizenship). Still, abandoning the nation Captain America had sworn to protect was not cool.However, there was one thing Steve Rogers wasn't ready to abandon -- the heroic limelight. After enjoying several weeks of retirement canoodling with Sharon Carter (still behind Peggy's back), he eventually comes to the conclusion that he's too awesome to keep from the world. So during Captain America #180, he draws up a new superhero persona, sews together an outfit from black curtains, buys some yellow boots at a local shoe store, slaps on a ridiculous two-toned cape and PRESTO! Nomad (as in the “man without a country") was born! Nomad was then promptly killed off four issues later when Rogers realized trading in a symbol of freedom for yellow boots was a real jerk move. That, and he trips over the cape while trying to pursue some criminals and ends up looking like a real idiot. The point is, America is more than just its government, and Captain America should champion its ideals no matter who's in power, because that's the whole point of Captain freakin' America.While Captain America didn't technically start the Marvel hatefest that was 2006's Civil War storyline, he did do a whole lot to get it up and running. When posed with the choice to support the Superhero Registration Act or not, he opted to form a resistance group dubbed the Secret Avengers. Granted, Iron Man was acting like a huge dick and gave him little choice in the matter, but we're pretty sure the Sentinel of Liberty could have figured out another way to set things right other than becoming a domestic terrorist who leads an armed rebellion against his own country.As bad as that sounds, the MCU's Civil War took things to another level when Cap goes to war with the U.S. because best friends are forever. All that shamefulness aside, in the comics, Rogers eventually comes to his senses after he's tackled by post-9/11 emergency responders and surrenders, single-handedly ending the conflict he helped instigate. All of which proves he could have at any time stopped everything from happening and prevented billions of dollars in destruction, groups of innocent people from getting killed, and The Thing from moving to France. That's right, FRANCE! What a jerk.As punishment, he soon after gets shot and pseudo-killed by a brainwashed Sharon Carter. Karma's a bitch. That's what happens when you two-time a girl with her older amnesiac sister.Before there was Chris Evans, there was Matt Salinger, aka the son of Catcher in the Rye author J.D. Salinger. While there have been some heinous superhero movies over the years, the 1990 Captain America straight-to-VHS release might be the worst. And that's saying a lot, considering Halley Berry managed to make basketball look uncool as Catwoman.If you go into Captain America expecting a campy B-movie, you might come away happy. Probably not, but it's worth a shot. Unfortunately, the film lacked any semblance of a script, acting, budget, or Anthony Mackie -- in other words, everything that makes a movie a movie. What it did have was an extremely Italian Red Skull saying such Italian things as “Mama Mia!”, Steve Rogers repeatedly feigning stomach sickness so he could steal people's cars, and fake rubber ears in place of Captain America's real ones. It also included such big name stars as the father from A Christmas Story and the mother from A Christmas Story. Just imagine though what would have been if this film was made with one of the actors originally slated to play Cap, namely Val Kilmer, Dolph Lundgren, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and… Howie Long? Though we have to give credit where credit is due -- Salinger's turn as the Star-Spangled Avenger is not the worst version of the character ever put to celluloid. That honor goes to, you guessed it, Turkish Captain America.Captain America has undergone some crazy transformations. He's been Hulkified, de-aged, re-aged, teen-aged, and even turned into a spider. However, the hairiest of the bunch occurred in Captain America #405 when Cap gets injected with a werewolf serum and comes out the other side looking like a bipedal Lassie on steroids.Not surprisingly, Capwolf turns out to be just as righteous as his human counterpart, eventually leading a werewolf rebellion (with the help of Wolverine of course) to take back the night and right the wrongs committed against canine-kind. Far more amazing is the fact that this storyline was stretched out over a six issue arc, which probably explains why we get scenes like the one where Capwolf organizes a werewolf pyramid or the one where he fights a vampire dopplegänger of himself. Overall, the Star-Fanged Avenger was as entertaining as he was ridiculous, and was evidence that Captain America's writers had officially run out of ideas.Sometimes, Cap just needs a nudge in the wrong direction to go full racist. Other times, he is racist all of his own accord. Thanks to the evil doings (and mind-gas) of Dr. Faustus in Captain America #234, a bout of brainwashing causes the Sentinel of Liberty to incite a race riot by belligerently shouting such things as, “your hearts are blacker than your skin.” We know he's under mind control here, but it's still a bit disconcerting how easily the racism rolls off Cap's tongue.Unfortunately, brainwashing can't be blamed for his “yellow monkey” cursing of a Japanese soldier in Captain America Comics #6. Nope, that credit goes to good ole fashioned xenophobia, with a whole lot anti-Japanism sprinkled on top. The thing about Captain America is that, probably more than any other superhero, he is a reflection of the times he's drawn, and as such, he was the ultimate symbol of wartime American propaganda during the '40s. Which is why in those early days the word "orientals” was freely thrown about to depict evil yellow skinned mongoloid monsters, usually with fangs. Captain America Comics #14 is particularly memorable for dishing out two racial stereotypes for the price of one when a gang of Japenese villains disguise themselves as Native Americans then attack white U.S. citizens. Captain America intervenes with a triumphant, “let’s give their copper-colored hides some exercise" then rat-ta-tat's them all to death with a Tommy gun. Obviously, Cap is expressing the national sentiment of the era, but that doesn't make it right or any less screwed up. Though it does provide a disturbing new perspective on that time he casually blew up North Korea with the help of Wolverine and Deadpool.As crazy as the racist rant Captain America embarked on mid-brainwash in Captain America #234 was, that issue had a far more shocking moment in store for readers. Because immediately after expounding on the merits of a “strong and pure” America, he drove the point home by whipping out his shield emblazoned with none other than a fiery swastika. *Collective Gasp*With his new symbol in tow and entirely under the control of the white supremacist faction known as the National Force, the newly formed Sentinel of Hate appeared on national TV to unite skinheads everywhere. Fortunately, Daredevil is watching (despite being blind) and immediately jumps into action, fights the crazed Avenger, and removes all traces of offensiveness painted on his shield. With the return of his weapon's original starred design, Cap immediately snaps out of his racist haze, remembers swastikas are bad, and embarks on a bigot beatdown. However, the damage has already been done, and none of us can ever erase from our minds the sight of Captain America going full Nazi. Well, at least he didn't salute Hitler.Oh wait…Apparently, every time Captain America gets brainwashed, he turns into a Nazi. In 1965's Tales of Suspense #67, the Red Skull drugs Cap and tricks him into assassinating the commander of the Allied Forces. He then proudly parades off his new superpowered puppet in front of the Fuhrer, commanding him to get to heiling. Astonishingly, the Captain abides.Written by Stan Lee and illustrated by Jack Kirby, one can imagine how well this went over with the country. Luckily, these two Marvel legends didn't stop there. As usual, Hitler is having a tantrum on that day, throwing books around and calling everyone dummkopf. However, the site of an obedient Captain America fancies his stache, and he immediately tries to take advantage of the situation by punching Cap in the face. The Star-Spangled Avenger's reflexes kick in and he promptly raises his shield, upon which Adolf shatters his wimpy fist. Thus proving that even when he has the upper hand, Hitler is still a clown. Also, that Captain American should really stop getting brainwashed.Captain America is a pretty manly guy. But he's still secure enough to don high heels, shoulder pads, and a corset when the situation calls for it, because that's what it means to be a superhero. Sure, the character's debut in the first issue of Captain America Comics had him uppercutting Hitler, but the following issue showed Cap's true colors when he masquerades around Nazi Germany as an elderly grandmother.In 1941's Captain America Comics #2, Steve Rogers learns a wealthy American businessman has been captured by the enemy. Without missing a beat, he jumps into action and puts on a dress, then heads off to Europe incognito to investigate hand in hand with Bucky Barnes, who's forced to play his grandson to complete the rouse. Along the way, Cap takes up knitting, starts saying things like “sweet child”, and for some odd reason, remains in full Golden Girl garb even when alone. Try and beat that, Hitler face punch!Amazingly, this was not Rogers' last foray into cross-dressing. In 1991's Captain America #387, the ultra-feminist supervillain Superia plots to control the world by sterilizing all the planet's women. When Cap tries to intervene, she subjects him to “feminization treatments” to physically transsexualize Captain America into a woman against his will. Fortunately, he gets out in time, but to pull off his escape, he has to dress up as a superheroine complete with a stuffed towel for a bust. Like we said, just another day in the life of a superhero.Long before Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark proved superheroes had no place on Broadway, Captain America made a far stronger case. It was 1985, and somebody with way too much money on their hands green-lit a $4 million Captain America musical. The plot was as follows:Captain A. [is] going through a mid-life crisis. Fortunately, the action speeds up - his girlfriend, a candidate for President, is captured by terrorists and held hostage at the Lincoln Memorial.All that was left now was to find the star of the show. Thankfully, Marvel knew exactly where to look -- their comic book fan base. And with that, a pedophile was born.The producers ran an open casting call in a bunch of comics around this time looking for girls between 10 and 14 to play Captain America's “very special friend.” All these girls had to do was send a photo of themselves to a random address and wait for some old white dude dressed in spandex to make all their dreams come true. Because if you can't trust some sketchy ad in the back of a comic book, what can you trust? Best of all, the very bottom included this moving request: “Do it today. You wouldn't want to let Cap down, would you?” What exactly this “friend” would be called upon to do for Cap we will never know. Not surprisingly, everyone involved with Captain America - The Musical quickly realized the whole thing was a horrible idea. All that remains of it today is this creepy ad, and the memory of that one time America's staunchest protector tried to guilt adolescent girls everywhere into getting in touch with him.--Do you know of any other times Captain America dressed up as a woman or acted like a Nazi? Let us know in the comments.
Tags:
captain america
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Stormtroopers are very often NOT the stealth army the Empire/Imperial forces intended them to be. They’re supposed to be a lethal, efficient, hoard-like militia that strikes fear into the souls of characters and audience alike. While many characters in the series are afraid of them based on reputation alone, (or because the script tells them to, mayhaps), the audience knows better.We know that stormtroopers are notorious for being bad shots, we’ve watched them perform in a wildly inconsistent fashion in several battles, and we’ve watched Obi-Wan alone manipulate dozens of them when he was completely past his prime. They definitely don’t scare us. But their ever-changing uniforms, expanding roles, and functionality within the Star Wars canon still intrigues, and they are consistent providers of some of the series’ best — and most head scratching — moments. Here’s our take on the 15 most WTF things our beloved and beleaguered stormtroopers have ever done:Click the button below to start this article in quick viewConsidering how many different versions of stormtroopers exist these days, and how often they fall for them, it would seem prudent for the First Order to trains a crop of stormtroopers that are immune to Jedi mind tricks. Obi-Wan manipulates them several times in A New Hope, from the classic “these aren’t the droids you’re looking for” line to the moment when he shuts down the tractor beam and distracts several of them with false noises.In The Force Awakens, Rey fools Daniel Craig’s Stormtrooper after only a few tries, getting him to release her and leave his weapon behind. (It was her first time intentionally using the Force, mind you.) This kind of vulnerability seems like a fatal flaw at this point. The Star Wars Legends-verse has troopers with bazookas, troopers that can withstand radiation, even troopers that wield lightsabers -- so can’t we get some that are capable of resisting those pesky mind tricks? Plus, if Jabba the Hutt is immune to such things, shouldn’t a stormtrooper also have that ability?The various armies of stormtroopers we see in the original trilogy -- whether they’re the cold weather assault troopers on Hoth, the scout troopers on Endor, or the classic stormtroopers we’re used to seeing in the pop culture-verse -- cannot seem to hit their targets. Ever. Obi-Wan notes early on that stormtroopers possess a certain unique precision, but, wise as he was, we never actually see this precision translated on screen.Take the now legendary scene with Luke and Leia swinging to safety inside the Death Star in A New Hope; several shots were fired by both good guys and bad (with the latter having multiple, seemingly straightforward opportunities to kill the Rebel intruders), but the only casualties were stormtroopers. There’s the entirety of The Empire Strikes Back, in which they can’t seem to hit moving targets, or sedentary targets, or anything at all, really, and their performances on Cloud City and in the jungles of Endor are so bad, they’re worthy of their own individual entries on this list. Stormtroopers, at least in the OT, are almost laughably inaccurate, but this could be changing with the times...Other than the several dozen shots they fired at Chirrut Imwe -- the blind hero who literally walked through a warzone to manually flip the switch that made the Rebels’ sacrifice worth it -- the stormtroopers in Rogue One were much more deadly and precise than those in the OT. Which is baffling, chronologically speaking, because the troopers in Rogue One came just before those who misfired so badly in Star Wars.The introduction of the Death Troopers could have something to do with it. With their elongated masks, jet-black metal frames, and the ability to actually hit their targets, they look more like Cyberdyne System’s latest batch of Terminators than any previous iteration of stormtrooper we’ve ever seen. Introduced while guarding Rogue One’s primary villain, Director Krennec, they brought with them a certain sense of menace and dread we haven’t associated with stormtroopers for a long time. Together with the Shore Troopers, they were actually a formidable force against the Rebels on the Scarif beachfront, and we’re not used to seeing stormtroopers be effective. Maybe it’s a new trend?The first time we meet stormtroopers in Star Wars, they’re essentially blasting through the Rebels’ front door, displaying vast capabilities where breaking into rooms is concerned. Then, we see that they slaughtered dozens of Jawas and poor old Uncle Owen and Aunt Beru while on a mission looking for two droids. So, on Mos Eisley, when we know their primary mission is to find and capture R2D2 and C3P0, and they manage to come across our favorite droids trapped in a locked room, we fear the worst.Instead, we get bumbling incompetence. A stormtrooper literally taps on the door a few times, and then he and his buddies move right on by, in a very nothing-more-to-see-here kind of way. There’s none of that breaking down doors business anymore, apparently, and when the droids pop out of the doorway right after the troopers’ hasty exit, fans are left face-palming. Instead of reinforcing the idea of stormtroopers as legitimate threats, this scene turns them into comic fodder, which probably wasn’t what Lucas and Co. wanted at the time.In “Showdown on Smuggler’s Moon” from Star Wars’ Marvel comic, Luke gets captured on Grakkus while searching for yet another Jedi temple. While there, he is trained to fight in the fighting pits by Kreel, an elite combatant who serves as a Sergeant to the stormtroopers. Kreel, an incredible fighter, is dubbed the “Gamemaster” during his time on Grakkus, and he wields both a lightsaber and a blaster, both of which he knows how to use.Unbeknownst to Luke, Kreel was commissioned by Darth Vader to keep Luke close before ultimately turning him over to the Sith Lord. Luke eventually escapes captivity, and it might be the only time he gets the best of Kreel — it’s definitely not commonplace to see a Jedi get handled by a Stormtrooper the way Luke ends up getting schooled by Kreel. “Next time, try a little harder not to die,” Kreel tells Luke after besting him in a sparring match. Point, stormtrooper.Stormtroopers weren’t around that much in Empire, but when they were, they were infuriating in their incompetence -- particularly when they visited the home of Lando Calrissian. These are supposed to be elite fighters, yet their form and technique were messier than ever. Instead of hiding behind walls, incorporating some cool battle plan, or even physically attempting to dodge the lasers that were coming their way, the stormtroopers simply stand there, only one of them shooting back at a time, allowing themselves to get picked off one by one.They also let Leia and Lando get away with a wounded Luke and the droids after allowing Calrissian and his men to get the jump on them. Lando’s a smooth talker, but shouldn’t stormtroopers be able to counter his cunning and charm? Their brief stint on Cloud City showed us that stormtroopers don’t believe in practicing effective battle tactics, and they sure don’t believe in things like reconnaissance missions.We had only one scene with FN-2199, or TR-8R, as fans have taken to calling him, but it was a doozy. TR-8R's baton-on-lightsaber fight with Finn was definitely something we had never seen before, and it remains one of Awakens’ most memorable moments.In Greg Rucka’s Before the Awakening anthology book, we learn that TR-8R and Finn had trained in the First Order together, and that TR-8R (who also had the nickname “Nines”) was quite the athlete and soldier. He was also kind of a pompous jerk in the book, but that’s another issue.Onscreen, we were hooked the second he revealed his baton, which he produced in such a quick and confident manner, we knew something amazing was about to happen. When he called Finn out (“Traitor!”), and proceeded to adroitly outmaneuver the lightsaber noob, TR-8R became the unlikely breakout meme/gif generator from the film. Not bad for a stormtrooper with only one scene.This flub remains a fan favorite. Leia, Luke, Han, and Chewie are trapped in the trash compactor, about to become Imperial recycling. C3P0 and R2D2 are locked in the control room, trying to help their friends escape certain and horrific death. A group of 5 or 6 Stormtroopers finally make their way into the control room, charging in with blasters, ready to capture the droids. They’re supposed to look threatening, of course, but when one of them bangs his helmet so hard it noticeably affects his gait, all that menace goes right out the window, and, once again, this army of baddies becomes a laughing stock.George Lucas has stated on DVD commentaries that he is a big fan of the accidental head clang, and noted that he had Jango Fett bump his head on the door of the Slave I in honor of the original head-banging stormtrooper. The moment is great for a laugh, but embarrassing for stormtroopers everywhere.A great deal goes wrong for the troopers on Endor, but a few scenes in particular need unpacking. The first is the moment where Han, Leia, and some allied Rebels are gathered outside trying to find a way into the Imperial outpost when an Ewok goes rogue, runs off, and steals a scout trooper’s speeder (don’t those things have locks?!). Instead of one trooper telling the others: “I’ve got this. You guys stay here and guard the entrance,” three of the four guarding the door take off after one tiny Ewok, leaving one man alone to get easily overtaken.Guarding the door to your main outpost seems like a very important job; how do trained soldiers make mistakes like this? And isn’t just one of them an even match for an Ewok? Han looks at his entourage and gives one of his signature sly grins, noting how easy those idiotic scouts just made his mission, but at this point in the OT, it’s simply what stormtroopers do: assist their enemies by being lax.They look like aliens from the Alien franchise wearing Punisher masks, and their claws are three parts Freddy Krueger and two parts Wolverine; to learn it was Darth Vader himself who thought them up is not surprising. In The Force Unleashed II video game, we hear them before we see them, and what we hear is the clang of knives on metal and sinister, hissing breaths. When we first see them, slithering and oozing with a terrifying presence not typically associated with stormtroopers, the Terror Troopers (also called Imperial Terror Soldiers) certainly live up to their name.They’re in both The Force Unleashed II book and video game, and their impact is definitely felt more when they’re both seen and heard. In the video game, we meet them when Fett asks Vader for some help on a mission, and Vader offers the terrifying killers up. “They’ll do,” Fett says, sizing them up. When Boba Fett needs assistance, he doesn’t mess around.Here’s another scene on Endor that needs some unpacking. Luke and Leia have just arrived on the planet, and have presumably never ridden or used speeder bikes before. Scout troopers have presumably been there a bit longer, and should by now have mastery of their primary vehicles. Yet somehow, Luke and Leia proceed to take down and outmaneuver four of these highly trained military men, in mid air, at top speed.Luke is a Jedi, and an established pilot, so his skills are expected, but that doesn’t mean the scout troopers had to be such (literal) pushovers. The siblings’ dalliance with the troopers was over in a minute, and it was yet another unrealistic moment establishing stormtroopers as complete failures. The biggest eye-roll inducing moment of all comes when one scout actually outsmarts Leia, getting her to fall off her bike. Then, he promptly turns around to look at her instead of watching where he’s going, and crashes his speeder immediately.If we were to judge the Empire based on the behavior of stormtroopers during this scene alone, we would never fear them, those in their employ, or their actions, ever. Darth Vader would be embarrassed at having ever been seen with them, and if Kylo Ren were around back then, he would have had the mother of all lightsaber fits.Han, Leia, Luke, and Chewey run into seven Stormtroopers, who are looking to capture and/or kill the Rebels. One trooper yells: “It’s them! Blast them!” and Han fires, taking one of the seven down. Their response? Instead of blasting back, or seeing that they still had the advantage in numbers, or taking cover, or carrying out their mission in any way, they turn and run away. It’s great fun watching Han charge right after them, eventually running into a room full of troopers. If it had been an intentional move to trap the Rebels, it might have worked, and they might have come across as savvy. As it stands, it remains yet another laughable failure on the stormtrooper resume.When examining the entirety of their poor performance on Endor, the troopers’ battle against the Ewoks arguably makes them look the worst. Sure, the Ewoks outnumbered the stormtroopers, and they had the benefit of home field advantage. But again, this is supposed to be the army of the Emperor, the baddest baddie in all the galaxies. They should not be felled so easily, and in such benign ways.Several times, Ewoks have zero difficulty sneaking up on troopers, physically outmaneuvering them, or making them look plain silly. At one point, Ewoks basically hit them a few times with their spears, (not stab — hit) and they crumble like cookies. Later, when a troop of these highly trained Imperial soldiers get taken down by some medium-sized boulders with not much oomph behind them, even the most forgiving fan is face palming. When all is said and done, the Ewoks end up playing bongos on the villains' helmets, and the stormtroopers are the galaxy far, far away's punchline yet again.This was more of a WTF moment because of the sheer enormity of it, as well as its devastating impact on both sides. Few survived the great Jedi purge, and those who did became legendary. During the execution of Order 66 — and it was indeed an execution — stormtroopers everywhere, on land, mid-flight, mid-training, stopped what they were doing and began carrying out a new primary mission courtesy of Palpatine: the extermination of the remaining Jedi.Obi-Wan was shot down mid-flight, Twi’leks were gunned down in swamps, and other Jedi across the galaxy were swarmed by stormtroopers, who they'd been working alongside previously. An attempt was even made on Yoda’s life, although he and Obi-Wan both managed to survive, of course, although most Jedi did not. It was a moment in time that was as shocking as it was devastating, and it was a rare moment when stormtroopers actually carried out their orders with great success. It also helped allow Palpatine to establish his temporary dominance, the reverberations of which are still felt decades later in The Force Awakens.This was a huge disappointment. Instead of resisting the intruders in any way, the much-hyped leader of the stormtroopers just gives Han and Finn exactly what they’re asking for. Maybe it’s because we’re used to seeing Gwendoline Christie as Brienne of Tarth, the steely, strong, fiercely loyal warrior she plays on Game of Thrones. When Finn gets haughty and demanding while asking her to betray those she’s most loyal to, we expected her to box his ears or something. But there’s zero Brienne in Captain Phasma, nor are there any witty retorts, or snappy, tough comebacks, and she doesn’t even try to fight back or overpower them. Instead, there’s just…compliance.Considering that when we first meet her, Phasma has no trouble okay-ing and partaking in the mass slaughter of innocents, her compliance with her enemies makes her seem weak at best and extremely cowardly at worst. She'll be back in Episode VIII, so there’s room for redemption, but as it stands, she has one of the biggest WTF moments of them all.--What major stormtrooper WTF moments did we miss? Are they more effective than people give them credit for? Let us know in the comments.
Tags:
star wars
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Any successful movie has a Dark Moment. The moment when the bad guy starts winning. The moment when every silver lining disappears. The moment when characters we've grown to love no longer see the point of chasing their goals. Every outcome seems like the worst possible outcome.Depressed yet?Of course, as the three act structure dictates, every Dark Moment is followed by a climax, confrontation, and then a resolution (hopefully a happy one). But every resolution is only as satisfying as the Dark Moment preceding it. A writer doesn't need to kill their darlings per-say, but they do have to put their darlings through several layers of hell. The best movies bring characters to their lowest point not out of sadism, but to amplify the film's emotional impact. When the Dark Moment is done right, it feels so much more cathartic when the characters succeed (hopefully).But enough Screenwriting 101. Below are 15 Movie Moments When All Hope Seemed Lost.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewEven animated movies need to get dark sometimes, and Pixar understands this better than any other studio. They nearly plunged our favorite toys into a firey inferno, smashed a lovelorn robot to bits, and convinced a clownfish his son was dead. Critics applaud Pixar for respecting their audiences. The animation juggernaut trusts moviegoers to handle serious ideas even when they're gift-wrapped in a cartoon. Their trust pays off especially well in Inside Out.When Joy makes a hastily decided leap for the Train of Thought, she misses and falls into the Memory Dump. This is where memories go to fade away entirely. The deep cavern of opaque memory spheres diminish Joy's hope of saving Riley, her human ward. That is, until she finds one key forgotten memory.This moment works because it shows a character the error of her ways. Joy finally sees the merits of sadness. She understands now that sorrow is not only OK, but also necessary. This epiphany rouses her from helplessness and she Memory Dump. Too bad Bing Bong couldn't join her. Damn Pixar.Here's a great, modern day "Obi Wan moment." A moment when the mentor in a hero's journey perishes abruptly. His death transpires while our hero watches, unable to help. At the start, the mentor ushers the protagonist out of his natural world and infuses him with purpose. When the mentor dies, the hero's purpose dies a little with him.Such is the case for Eggsy in Kingsman: The Secret Service. When a lisp-adorned villain kills Harry, his role model, Eggsy watches through a video feed. Eggsy and Harry's last encounter went poorly. Eggsy fell short of Kingsman status after Harry pulled numerous strings to get him there. Feeling like a disappointment, Eggsy watches Harry, and any chance of reconcilement, die thousands of miles away.This moment succeeds for several reasons. Firstly it's unexpected. Samuel L. Jackson delivers a typical bad guy speech, then swerves from convention and shoots Harry. Secondly, it weighs heavily on Eggsy. Harry plucked him from degeneracy and offered him a dignified life. When Harry dies, Eggsy's hopes for a better life die a little with him.Horror movies are littered with dark moments. So many that it becomes difficult to pinpoint one as the Dark Moment. But for The Cabin in the Woods, the Moment is very clear.After suffering attacks from hillbilly zombies, Dana and Marty begin to suspect something weird is happening (hillbilly zombie thing aside). Marty finds an elevator that goes below the eponymous cabin into God knows where. They descend into a prison packed with monsters in clear cubed cells. Here Dana realizes the truth: these monsters belong to somebody. Somebody who went after Dana and her friends for a reason.Dark moments in horror films usually come from simple intentions. Bad things happen to good people. Monsters chase victims because they need someone to chase. There's not much else at play. But Dana and Marty were targeted specifically. They sought them out, trapped them in, and purposefully unleashed hell onto them. Dana feels unfairly treated (at minimum), and goes into serious "Why me?" mode. Worse than if this had all been random.Sometimes we are our own worst enemy. Total Recall cleverly actualizes this truth in the movie's big twist. When it comes, the protagonist realizes his quest was destined to fail, and that he was the one who made it so. Don't worry, this'll make sense in a minute.Douglas Quaid goes to Rekall expecting a simulated adventure. But the Rekall machine returns to him fractured memories of being a super spy named Hauser. Quaid starts believing he's a hero, meant to liberate Martians from the evil Vilos Cohaagen. But a video of Hauser tells Quaid everything he's done was part of Cohaagen's plan. Quaid, not Hauser, could gain the Martian rebel's trust, consequently leading Cohaagen right to their hideout.It's a sobering moment, both emotionally and intellectually. Quaid thought for a time he was meant for greater things. In a way he was right, but those greater things were not what he expected. He feels defeated, but also stupid for not seeing this coming. Being mocked by yourself is a literal self-esteem killer.Many Dark Moments involve death, but a key death scene in Shaun of the Dead is particularly traumatizing. A quasi horror film with no shortage of dark moments, the film's true Dark Moment forces Shaun to do something unfathomable to someone he loves.Sequestered at the Winchester, Shaun and his friends think they're safe from zombies and can finally "wait for all this to blow over." But as they munch on bar snacks, a horde of zombies encroach on the pub. Worse still, Shaun's mother has a zombie bite, kept hidden from her son, and the effects are kicking in. Faced with threats from outside and within, Shaun has no choice but to put his undead mother out of her misery.Like how Pixar understands the need for Dark Moments in animation, Edgar Wright understands their place in comedies. Shaun of the Dead is sometimes labeled merely as a horror parody, but it contains genuinely heavy moments. The heaviest comes when the responsibility-averse Shaun must shoot his mother, whom he's often neglected in the past.The road to true love is paved with giant torture machines designed to take years off your life. In this case anyway. Of all the fictional characters who say they'd die for the woman they love, Wesley is one of the few who actually does.When Buttercup declares undying loyalty to Wesley, Humperdink goes on a rampage. He cranks The Machine to fifty wand kills Wesley without a second thought. By the time Inigo and Fezzik find Wesley, he's a corpse. Even the sick kid has trouble stomaching this, and lashes out at his grandpa for reading him this upsetting story.That's why this Dark Moment is so special. The movie cuts away at this kid's defenses by making him sit through a "kissing book," bringing them down completely with Wesley's death. The Princess Bride says it's OK to allow feelings to rush in sometimes, and react to a death in a healthy way. Whether it was intended to or not, The Princess Bride takes masculinity down a peg with this Moment.Sometimes there's no need for a big dramatic display. Dark moments come in all shapes and sizes. What matters is that the protagonist reaches a valley appropriate to their circumstances. Mike is a comedian trying to make it in LA. Mike doesn't have to kill somebody to reach his low point.In Swingers, Mike Peters (Jon Favreau, who also wrote Swingers) is an unlucky migrant from New York. Licking wounds from a recent breakup, Mike tries to get back into dating. But a six years relationship makes re-entering singlehood difficult. After a catastrophic attempt to ask someone out, Mike considers moving back East. Then his friend Rob reminds him how money he is. Because Mike is very money and seems unaware of it.Most of us haven't had to kill a zombified version of our mother or watch a madman take over Mars. Some of us are just average people having a rough time. Favreau plays unlucky in love in a relatable way, making this a Dark Moment for the everyman.Not all of us are as optimistic or resourceful as Mark Watney. We don't have skills needed to plant food on Mars, nor do we have the good humor to endure such a hostile place. So when Watney loses his cool, how are the rest of us supposed to deal?Things seem to be on the right track for Watney, a botanist stranded on Mars. NASA knows where he is and Mark has enough food to last until they arrive. All this changes when Mark's airlock gets blown open and his crops wither and die. Mark finally hits his breaking point, and in a scene that earned Matt Damon a much deserved Oscar nod, he throws a rare tantrum in the driver's seat of a rover.The Martian is all about problem solving. Mark understands better than anybody the importance of problem solving, and prepares to take each of his many obstacles in stride. Up until this devastating hit, his productivity has not slowed. Now it's come to a seemingly permanent halt.Indiana Jones is a seminal action hero, and not because of his hat, whip, or exhilarating theme music. It's because he can take a punch, wear the bruise on his face, and then take several hundred more. And in no movie does he take more punches than Temple of Doom.Beneath Pankot palace, Indy discovers the dangerous and racially insensitive Thuggee cult. The Thugs capture Indy force him to drink the Blood of Kai. After a night of writhing in agony, Indy's old self vanishes, temporarily replaced by a mindless servant to the Thuggee. He can't even recognize his friends and doesn't hesitate before lowering them into canyon filled with lava.Indy is the toughest archeology professor of them all. He's an American hero whose main hobby is punching Nazis. It's not easy to accept Indy falling victim to mumbo jumbo he doesn't even believe in (even after Temple of Doom for some weird reason). But that's what happens, and the iconic hat and whip don't return until after his stomach gets torched.In near death experiences, it's admirable to think fondly on the people in your life. But people aren't always admirable. When the band Stillwater, their managers, and rising rock journalist nearly die in a plane crash, all anybody does is think the worst of each other.Almost Famous follows William Miller while he tours with Stillwater. Soon after Stillwater upgrades the tour's transportation, their new tour plane hits heavy winds. After a few extensions of good will, the self-centered musicians start airing grievances to each other. Volume and bitterness escalate as the storm worsens, and doesn't end until the plane is in the clear. While the pilots in the cockpit rejoice, those in the cabin stew in an awkward silence.Symbolically, this scene convinces us that pettiness never really goes away, even at peak fame. The famous are still the same person they were and have the same problems they had. This is also just a damn funny scene, in which Stillwater's drummer comes out of the closet just before the plane steadies.In a movie where UFOs destroy historic monuments with laser beams, the craziest thing that could happen is somebody dying quietly in a hospital bed. So it goes with First Lady Marilyn Whitmore in Roland Emmerich's Independence Day.Crucially injured from the time aliens attack Earth, Marilyn Whitmore treks all the way to Area 51 aided by a kindly stripper. She finds Marilyn in a crashed helicopter and nurses her during the long journey. But by the time the First Lady arrives at her destination and reunites with President Thomas Whitmore, it's too late. She dies from internal bleeding, right after what she knows will be the last farewell to her husband.This sucks. Like really sucks. This poor woman travels through a vaporized wasteland, finally survives to see her husband and daughter again, and then dies. Emmerich deserves credit for sneaking a intimate scene into a worldwide disaster film. Marilyn dies with no regrets, giving her grieving husband the strength to deliver a world-unifying speech that still gives viewers chills."I love you." "I know." Five words that still elicit teardrops after thirty-seven years. A romantic Dark Moment if ever there was one, Empire Strikes Back demolishes hearts beyond repair with the carbon freezing of Han Solo.Betrayed by Lando and captured by Darth Vader, Han Solo has the misfortune of being Vader's test subject in an procedure meant for Luke Skywalker. Leia Organa, only just registering her feelings for Han, is in now way ready to say goodbye to the rugged scoundrel. After keeping a wall between them for so long, Leia regrets never giving Han the chance to be with her. Deep down, she knows it was meant to be.You've seen the movie. You know what happens. This Dark Moment isn't followed by the happiest resolution, or at least not until immediately. But that's exactly what makes Empire stand out. It's a dark contrast to the first Star Wars while setting the stage for the third. Empire's Dark Moment is so memorable because it eventually makes the original trilogy's conclusion so satisfying.Bruce Wayne started this movie a limping, bearded mess. And while a shave and a high tech knee cast helps him for a time, it's not long before Bane turns him into a bigger mess than he was before. A bigger mess than he's every been in his time as Batman. And more bearded.After taking over Gotham city and giving it back to the people, Bane carves out enough time to drop Wayne in the prison that forged the villain so many years ago. The Pit is a dark place with only one way out. To escape, one must climb a wall with sizable gabs and dubious holds. This is a pressing endeavor for a healthy man, which, at this point, Bruce Wayne is not.Like Indiana Jones, Batman resonates because of his many years of taking punches. Unlike Star Wars, the Dark Knight trilogy saves it's darkest hour for the last act of it's final film. Wayne's physical pain outweighs everything except his emotion pain, inflicted by news footage of Gotham in chaos.A death can sometimes be the least disheartening moment in a movie's final act. In fact, at time it can be the most uplifting part of a third act. That's how it is for Kill Bill Vol. 2. We've waited two films to see Bill die, but he doesn't go down with having one last word.After putting their child to sleep, Bill injects Beatrix Kiddo with a truth serum, coaxing her into a talk about her fateful wedding. Before asking why Beatrix kept their daughter from him, Bill embarks on a suspenseful, classic Quentin Tarantino monologue. Using Superman for comparison, Bill tells Beatrix that no amount of running or hiding could change her. She is, was, and will forever be a killer. Bill puts Beatrix in a more complex position than before: by killing Bill, she'll prove his point.But of course, Beatrix does kill him and the lioness rejoins her cub. Still, things were touch and go there for a minute, and Beatrix doubted whether or not she could achieve a peaceful life.Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy is an epic tragedy. It's a fall from grace as momentous as anything Shakespeare ever wrote. The eminent newscaster sinks to an unimaginable low when he opts for an ill-advised beverage. It's here where he utters a phrase that is now common speech for fans of this sleeper comedy hit (so everybody).Burgundy's scorned co-anchor and former lover, Veronica Corningstone, plots revenge on Burgundy after his repeated pranks. She preys at Burgundy's instinct to read ev-ery-thing-uh on the teleprompter. Without even knowing it, Burgundy slanders the entire city of San Diego and gets fired for it. Now a pariah, Burgundy appeals to his news team when he passes them on the street. But they are forbidden to speak to him, even sweet Brick.Ron Burgundy cries out in agony. A cry that echoes forever in the history of Dark Moments, and the history of film. No exaggeration.What Dark Moments did we forget to include? Mention your favorites in the comments below!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Star Wars franchise is chock-full of memorable characters and, with just eight films in the franchise to date, there simply isn't enough screen time to go around.Lead characters like Luke, Obi-Wan and Rey get plenty of time in the spotlight, but where does that leave the army of fantasticsupporting characters? In the comic books, that's where. The comics provide a new arena to fully explore these intricate characters (at least until they get their own spinoff films, fingers crossed).It's been just over two years since Marvel relaunched its Star Wars line, but already they have brought a number of '"lesser" characters to the forefront with their own mini-series. Chewbacca, Lando Calrissian, Darth Maul... they've all been featured in a series of comics devoted solely to them. In Lando's case, that also meant a starring role for his mute companion Lobot.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
If there’s one thing 2017 was famous for, it was scandals. Giants of the industry have fallen, along with the legacies that these heavy hitters had spent years building. While Hollywood is certainly used to its share of accusations and arrests, in its history, we have never witnessed the likes of what went down this year.In the midst of revealing sordid behavior, voices banded together to speak up about the wrongdoings of others. Victims were empowered and those who thought they were invincible quickly discovered they were not. Every day, it seems as if a new scandal is being uncovered. Some are finally being held accountable for their unscrupulous acts, some are being outcast for their political commentary, and others have committed heinous crimes there is just no coming back from.Recent news of Al Franken’s resignation is just the latest in the new trend of personal accountability. While the onetime comedian and others like him have stepped down from their positions of power, effectively ending their longstanding careers, others still deny mounting evidence in hopes their misdeeds will go unpunished.If this year taught us anything, it’s that no matter how famous you are, you can’t outrun your past.Here are 15 Scandals In 2017 That Ended Hollywood Careers.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewSince The O.C. went off the air, Misha Barton has seen her share of ups and downs. She bounced back after a DUI in 2007, then followed that up with some reported drama at a fashion show, a hospitalization in a psychiatric ward, ending up on the wrong side of PETA, and apparently sueing her own mother. In 2016, even though it was a brief stint, fans were happy to see Barton make an appearance on Dancing with the Stars.But 2017 would prove to be another tumultuous year for the actress, beginning back in January. After reportedly being given GHB, neighbors called 911 on Barton due to her erratic behavior, which landed the actress back in the hospital. In March, a tape surfaced with images that were recorded by someone she had a relationship with. Barton says the video was made without her consent.Danny Masterson has been known as a lot of things over the years, but we saw him in a new light this year. After the popularity of That ‘70s Show, Masterson went on to star in several successful hits. He pursued a career in music, and recently, has enjoyed being back in the spotlight as part of the cast in the Netflix comedy, The Ranch. All of that changed in 2017 when, amidst all of the other assault allegations, four women stepped up, claiming they each had been assaulted by the actor sometime during the early 2000s.While Masterson vehemently denies this, his accusers had filed police reports as far back as 2004 and say the Church of Scientology has played a huge part in the cover-up. Since the reports have been made public, Netflix decided to write off his character on The Ranch. Production resumes in early 2018 minus Masterson.Two-time Emmy and Grammy award-winning comedian Kathy Griffin was just one of the many voices in the entertainment industry who spoke up in the wake of Donald Trump becoming President of the United States. As outrage poured in across the country, 45 became fodder for platforms such as Saturday Night Live and various other outlets.Griffin chose to protest the outcome of the election by using a replica of Donald Trump’s severed head. However, the photo of the comedian holding a bloodied Trump head in her hands did not go over as well as she might have hoped. The controversial piece of art caused a huge backlash. It resulted in her offering a tearful apology, being fired from her New Year's Eve hosting duties with CNN, and a slew of canceled comedy shows. It even prompted a federal investigation.It all began in late October, when actor Anthony Rapp came forward with allegations that in 1986, a 26-year-old Kevin Spacey had made inappropriate advances toward him when Rapp was just 14. Spacey, who had never made his sexual preferences public before, quickly released a statement coming out and claiming that he didn’t remember the incident but followed it up with an apology for any harm he may have caused.After that, an avalanche of allegations came tumbling down on the actor, most having to do with alcohol and underage boys. After the discovery, Spacey was dropped from House of Cards, his parts in All the Money in the World were reshot, and he has since parted ways with both his publicist and his agency.It’s not easy being green. When Kermit the Frog gets canned, you know it’s been a bad year. Disney recently fired longtime voice actor Steve Whitmire for what they called “unacceptable business conduct.” The puppeteer had worked for the Muppets since 1978 and had been the voice of Kermit since the passing of Jim Henson in 1990.Henson’s daughter Cheryl went on record saying, “Steve’s performance of Kermit has strayed far away from my father’s good hearted, compassionate leader of the Muppets.” She added that the recasting of Kermit had been long overdue. Disney claimed that for years Whitmire wouldn’t address feedback. He would fight over character direction in a way that was disrespectful and caused delays in production. Whitmire claims that after 27 years he was let go because of unwanted notes during the short-lived Muppets reboot on ABC and a union disagreement.Jeffrey Tambor’s work on the groundbreaking Amazon series, Transparent, has already won the actor two Emmys in the four short seasons it’s been on the air. However, this past November, Tambor suddenly found himself facing accusations of harassment from multiple members of his own Transparent team. The first accuser is a transgender woman who worked as Tambor's personal assistant and the second, Trace Lysette, is a transgender actress who plays a yoga instructor on the series.Tambor strongly repudiates both accounts while Amazon Studios is investigating the claims. Recently, Tambor made a public statement apologizing if any of his actions had been misinterpreted and suggested that he wouldn’t be returning to the set of Transparent. No final decision for next year has been made yet about Tambor’s return, either by the actor or by Amazon.While we’ve seen the Smallville actress evolve into playing different roles over the years, none could have prepared us for the sordid story that would erupt in 2017. In October, The New York Times reported about a cult that was branding its members as part of a secret ritual. Under the guise of a self-help organization called Nxivm, participants are said to follow the instruction of the group’s leader, Keith Raniere.Mack is reported to be the second in command for a sect within the organization called DOS – a secret society which involves the highest ranking female members. There are claims that Mack presides over a smaller group of slaves within the cult. The sorority is said to not only brand women, but force them into starvation diets and physically punish them if they do not recruit enough slaves. Mack is now allegedly a key recruiter for DOS.As 2017 became the year that Hollywood would be exposed for its devious deeds, it would also be the year that Louis C.K. would expose himself for, well, exposing himself. While the string of implications against Hollywood’s biggest names were stockpiling, the comedian, whose humor often echoed what we now know was based on real-life, was accused of revealing his most private part to numerous women over the years.Louis C.K. took responsibility for his actions and told the world that these stories were true. He gave a complete statement offering a full apology to the five women who called out his sexual misconduct, admitting that as someone who was in a position of power, he should have never propositioned them in a sexual manner. The comedian has since retreated from the public eye.As a director, Bryan Singer has a long list of credits under his belt. Movies like X-Men, The Usual Suspects, and Superman Returns made him one of Hollywood’s most sought-after names. However, Singer has been the subject of misconduct claims for quite a while. Most, until recently, have been largely overlooked.Accusations of abuse date back from the mid-to-late ‘90s regarding the A-list director, some wild parties, and his rumored penchant for underage boys. A number of lawsuits have been filed against Singer over the years, including the most recent one, claiming that he allegedly assaulted a 17-year-old boy in Washington State back in 2003.Recently, 20th Century Fox fired Singer and replaced him with Dexter Fletcher to take over as director for the Queen biopic Bohemian Rhapsody.In November, the former NBC anchor and Today co-host openly expressed “sorrow” and “regret” after accusations surfaced of inappropriate sexual behavior with a female colleague. Once the news came out stating what the high-paid TV host/journalist had reportedly done, he was immediately terminated by NBC.Following the breaking story, other incidences were brought to light detailing a number of misconduct allegations against Lauer. Accounts of current and former NBC News staffers as well as three other women were reported. Accusations ranged from gifting someone a sex toy, to summoning a woman to his office and dropping his pants, to probing female producers about their sexual history. Several were said to have complained to executives at the network. Lauer maintains that although some of what is being said about him is untrue or mischaracterized, there is enough truth in these stories.In February of 2017, the former star of Bravo’s Work Out and Thintervention, found herself on the wrong side of the law after she was charged with felony assault on a police officer, misdemeanor DUI ,and misdemeanor hit and run.Warner reportedly went to lunch, had a drink, came home, took an Ambien, went to sleep, and woke up in the hospital with no memory. With a blood alcohol concentration of .08%, the fitness guru had apparently crashed her car into a pole and then racked up a felony assault charge because she almost hit a police car. In June, the charges were lowered and Warner pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor count of alcohol-related reckless driving. She was sentenced to a two-year probation term and was ordered to complete a 12-hour drinking and driving program.In the wake of rising harassment and assault reports, Tom Sizemore’s name returned to the headlines in mid-November with reports of assault on a child. While the actor has seen his share of controversy related to drugs and physical assault, this accusation has Sizemore inappropriately touching an 11-year-old in front of a room full of people.In 2003, on the set of Born Killers, the actor had the young actress on his lap during a still portrait session, when in clear view of cast and crew members, he allegedly touched her in ways no 11-year-old girl should be touched. The young actress came forward immediately and although Sizemore is said to have denied the allegations, he was removed from set as soon as the assertion was made. Today, when asked about the matter, Sizemore’s position is “no comment.”The infamous Access Hollywood tape that had Billy Bush egging on Donald Trump first lit a fire in October of 2016 – just before the election. Two days after the tape was made public, NBC suspended the Today show host, effectively casting him out of the entertainment industry. Bush originally issued an apology statement for his behavior on the video, while Trump dismissed his comments and referred to his admittances as just lewd locker room talk.While Trump got promoted to the Oval Office, the nephew of former Republican President George H.W. Bush got fired. Recently, with new suggestions that the voice on the shocking 2005 tape might not belong to Trump, Billy Bush has reemerged, in an attempt to set the record straight. Bush is now stepping forward, claiming to have done a lot of soul searching in 2017.Former Power Rangers actor Ricardo Medina Jr. was once considered a superhero. Of course, he just played one on-screen, but he was looked up to nonetheless. While the popular kids’ show had a reputation for being on the violent side, nobody could have known just how brutal things would eventually get.In 2015, after an argument erupted between the actor and his roommate, the incident turned heated, leading Medina to take his friend’s life. His claims of self-defense by way of a samurai sword did not hold up and in 2016, he was charged with murder. In March of 2017, the actor accepted a plea deal and was sentenced to six years in state prison, where he is now serving time for his crime.Nobody could have ever imagined the domino effect that the accusations against Harvey Weinstein would have on all of Hollywood in 2017. As co-founder of Miramax and the Weinstein Company, Harvey Weinstein had been one of the most powerful men in the industry for decades.But, in early October, that would all change. The New York Times revealed a compelling story reporting multiple allegations of sexual assault and harassment committed by Weinstein over the years. This disclosure led to not only four members of the Weinstein Company’s all-male board stepping down, but to Weinstein’s termination as well.Actresses Rose McGowan and Ashley Judd became top voices in the movement, breaking down a barrier of silence that for years had seemed impenetrable. By late October, USA Today published a complete list of 83 accusers. The story is still developing.---What other scandals stood out in 2017? Let us know in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[WARNING: *MAJOR* 2011 TV SEASON SPOILERS INSIDE!!!]If you’re any kind of television fan, you’ve probably noticed just how many of your favorite characters are constantly being killed off – sometimes in the most horrific ways possible.Of course, a year is pretty long… and you may have forgotten some of the characters we lost this year. Luckily, we at Screen Rant are very obsessive about television character deaths, so we put together a list of the 15 most shocking deaths from the 2011 TV season.What does "most shocking" mean? Well, you’ll have to find out for yourself.It should go without saying that there are MASSIVE SPOILERS contained within. If you’ve kept up with this season of TV (or don’t mind being spoiled), you shouldn’t have any problem - but if you're behind on any shows (DVR/Tivo/Netflix) you might not want to read this!Want to look back at more TV moments of 2011?The 12 Most WTF TV Moments of 2011The 5 Most Popular TV Moments of 2011
Tags:
sons of anarchy,
boardwalk empire,
bones,
breaking bad,
game of thrones,
the mentalist,
the walking dead,
justified,
two and a half men,
american horror story
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Superheroes have a huge range of powers – from the vigilantes who rely on training and gadgets (we’re looking at you, Batman!), to those whose powers are incredibly specific, to those who have a range of powers that they can use in a multitude of ways.One power that is shared by a range of super-types across both Marvel and DC is the ability to communicate with animals. For some, this is their sole power, or their primary one. For others, it is a minor part of a much bigger range of abilities. Some have it naturally, others use tech to allow themselves to talk to our various animal friends. All of them have used these abilities to take down opponents in the past, and some in quite surprising ways! Read on to discover the top 15 super-types who have a little bit in common with Dr. Dolittle.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIn the comics, Catwoman can not actually communicate with cats. Her name comes from her skills as a cat burglar, and her affinity with the stray cats of Gotham. In fact, Catwoman actually has no innate superpowers – her abilities are due to intensive training. However, in some of the live-action versions, Catwoman’s love of cats is taken one further, allowing her to actually communicate with her feline friends.In the 2004 flop Catwoman, Patience Phillips is given cat powers by the Egyptian goddess Bast – quite a departure from her origin in the comics. Although she doesn’t sit down for a conversation with a feline friend, a cat does help lead her to safety in the movie. Similarly, in Batman Returns, Catwoman is brought back to life after her boss murders her…with the help of stray cats. Both these films expand her love of feline companionship  in the comics to a magical connection with the animals, which would include a level of communication.Professor X is one of the most powerful telepaths in the Marvel universe, and it seems that his powers are so wide-ranging and strong that he can even use them to communicate with animals. In one storyline (Divided We Stand), a sniper is poised on a rooftop, using a mind-shield to avoid detection. This backfires, as Professor X notices the shield and decides to investigate.He uses pigeons to do so – entering the mind of one to look through its eyes and spot the sniper, and then controlling a flock of the birds to swarm the gunman, throwing him off. Although Professor X rarely uses this particular form of his ability, it’s possible that it is a part of every high-level telepath mutant’s repertoire. This could mean that other Omega level telepaths like Jean Grey and Emma Frost also have the ability to communicate with animals or see through their eyes, and we just haven’t seen much of it.Vixen has recently appeared in live-action, as Megalyn Echikunwoke brought her to life for Arrow. While it was a brief appearance, she's set to return to the Arrowverse (though she'll be played by a different actress this time around) in the future, so keep an eye out for this animal-master on the small screen.Vixen’s primary power allows her to channel the powers of animals; usually animals associated with Africa, because she was born there, and the amulet she uses to control her powers is totem of the African trickster God, Anansi. However, she can channel the abilities of any animal she can think of, and of multiple animals at one time. At certain times, she has also been shown to shapeshift, although this is rare.Animal communication isn’t one of her more commonly used powers, but she does have some ability to control other animals by tapping into her power (and the same Morphogenic field that Animal Man uses). However, most of the time she prefers to do her own fighting, rather than work through other creatures.An enemy of Wonder Woman, Circe as a comic book character comes straight from Greek mythology. In Homer’s Odyssey, Circe is a witch who turned men into animals, and in the comics, she is essentially the same. In the DC universe, she is a powerful sorceress, and although Circe has a whole range of different magical abilities, she is still most closely linked with animal transformation.She can manipulate reality and control minds, which can also be connected to her ability to communicate with animals. However, the majority of the animals that Circe talks to aren’t really animals at all, but the men that she has transformed. Quite often, her victims are still able to think as men and even speak (at least, to her), but are subdued by her magic and cannot fight back. With her ability to control minds, she can even use these victims to attack others against their will.A young Native American mutant, Moonstar’s animal telepathy is an offshoot of her main power – to cast illusions based on fears and desires pulled from another’s mind. It’s a power that caused her many issues in her life, especially when it first manifested and she was unable to control her gift. As she learned to hone her psychic abilities, new powers developed. Not only can she create illusions, but she was able to focus her ability to create ‘psychic arrows’ that can incapacitate their targets.Although her telepathy does not allow her to look into other human minds consciously (she only sees their fear or desire when the illusion is created), she is able to connect telepathically with animals. In the past, she has used this to see through the eyes of an animal, and she can also communicate with them on an emotional level, sensing what they feel. A strongly emotion-based power, Moonstar cannot “talk” to animals directly, but has a more empathetic form of animal communication.This green-skinned Teen Titan has the ability to morph into any animal, much like Animal Man (although for very different reasons). As a child, he was in Africa with his scientist parents when he caught a deadly virus – one that only animals could survive. He was saved with an experimental treatment, but the cure turned his skin green and granted him morphing abilities.He is able to take on any animal shape, including insects and germs, but will always be a green version of that animal thanks to his unique skin color. As an animal, he can still speak with humans, but he also has a minor ability to communicate with other animals of the same species as the shape he takes. This is not in the form of literal talking, but close to an understanding of the animals and an ability to convey broad ideas to them in the same way that a natural-born member of the species would.Like most comic book characters, Hawkman and Hawkgirl have had more than one backstory over the years. At times, they are from the planet Thanagar, at others, they are humans using Thanagar technology/Nth metal. Because of this change in history, they cannot always communicate with animals, but in some versions, they are able to speak with birds, and occasionally control them. While various birds have been used as distractions or to help the Hawks on their missions, they are more commonly used as spies for information.Silver-age Thanagarians are able to communicate with birds thanks to a device called the Absorbascon. The Absorbascon allows the Thangarian using it to absorb and understand the thoughts of others. Usually used to allow Thangarians to understand the languages and cultures of other races, it also allows them to interpret the language of birds. Potentially, this could also allow them to understand other animals, but being Hawk-people, they are only shown communicating with winged creatures.Friends of Squirrel Girl, both Koi Boy and Chipmunk Hunk have a similar ability to communicate with a single species or group of animals. They also seem to have her taste in rhyming superhero names! Their alter egos, Ken Shiga (Koi Boy) and Tomas Lara-Perez (Chipmunk Hunk) both attend university at the same school as Doreen Green (Squirrel Girl), Empire State.Chipmunk Hunk has the ability to communicate with chipmunks, in addition to his superhuman strength and increased agility. Much like Squirrel Girl, it seems that he is able to call to large numbers of chipmunks over a distance.Koi Boy has more extensive powers. He can communicate with many different kinds of fish, not just a single species. He can also slowly grow in size (but cannot grow larger than the space he is in, like a fish in a bowl), can swim at super-speed, and can breathe underwater. Both very new characters, we are sure to learn more about their abilities in the future adventures of Squirrel Girl and her friends.Sophia Sanduval exists primarily in the Marvel Adventures universe (Earth 20051). She did make a brief appearance in the main universe, but doesn’t reveal any powers there. A mutant, Chat’s ability is animal communication – which is why she earned a spot on this list despite being a minor character from an alternate universe.Something of a Snow White, her ability means that animals love her and tend to cluster around her, so that she often has birds on her shoulder or creatures at her feet. She embraced this, and worked with a travelling zoo and an animal shelter. She is dating Spider-Man and she often uses her powers to get dogs and other animals to help trap or distract the criminals he is chasing.  She has also used her animal friends to attack others, although this is rarer, as she is usually a peaceful hero. Working with a detective agency, Chat also uses her animal friends to investigate and spy on others – no one notices the stray cats listening in!Similar to Chat, Nature Girl is a mutant who can communicate with animals, but her powers are wider ranging (and come with a physical manifestation in the form of antlers). A relatively new student at the Jean Grey Institute, the full extent of her powers isn’t yet known. However, she can communicate and bond with animals, both speaking with them and commanding them. This power extends to entities who are feral or animalistic, including demons (such as the bamf) – when dealing with these she is able to calm and control them, preventing them from attacking others. Her powers even allow her to communicate with plant life (a power known as botanopathy), which could be very useful for tracking and spying.Having only appeared in 26 issues thus far, there is still a lot to learn about Lin Li, and her powers may develop even further as she trains at the Jean Grey Institute.Everybody knows Wonder Woman (especially after her incredible debut on the big screen earlier this year in Batman V Superman), but not everyone knows that one of her myriad powers is an ability to communicate with animals. One of her more divine powers courtesy of being an Amazon (and a favorite of the Gods, who have granted her various powers and equipment in her long life), she can easily communicate with and control animals. Her communication is shown as a clear conversation (speech bubbles and everything) rather than a more general empathy or understanding.She has lazed about with lions and tigers, chatted with birds, even made a bull perform. Often she saves the animal from harm, and at other times, animals have helped her with missions – she has even acted as pet psychiatrist in the past! It may not be as impressive as her more war-appropriate abilities, but we would love to see more of this side of Diana.One of DC’s lesser-known heroes, Buddy Baker was killed on a hunting trip, and brought back to life by alien beings who gave him a connection to ‘The Red’. ‘The Red’ (aka the Morphogenic Field) is a force surrounding the planet that contains all the information (genetic, mystical, physical etc) of all animals. Buddy’s connection to this force allows him to tap into any aspect of any animal – from the smallest bacteria through to the largest beasts, and even chimera. He understands animals on an instinctive level, can control them to do his will, and can take on multiple animal attributes at any time. He can also shape-shift into animals, as well as take on their abilities while still in human form.Finally, in the New 52, he can communicate with animals directly, talking to them rather than simply understanding or having a more general empathetic connection to them. This was something of a surprise to Buddy, and is usually a surprise to the animal as well!Recently brought to life on the big screen by Paul Rudd, one of Marvel’s tiniest heroes can communicate with insects thanks to a nifty little helmet. A vital part of his costume, Ant-Man’s helmet contains a receiver, decoder and transmitter. These allow him to both understand the communication of various insects, but to reply to them as well. The helmet is made of the same materials as his suit, allowing it to shrink alongside him – obviously an important element!Although he doesn’t actually control the insectoid companions (usually ants, unsurprisingly) in the way that many other animal-communicators do, it seems that most insects are very helpful and willing to lend him a hand (or should that be feeler?) when asked. Wasp, Ant-Man’s partner, can also communicate with insects, but her talents are thanks to genetic modifications rather than advanced tech. She has retractable antennae that do the job for her, although she rarely uses them.Anna Kendrick made headlines recently when she told an interviewer that should would love to play Squirrel Girl – a choice that many comic book fans responded very enthusiastically to. Often underestimated, Squirrel Girl is in fact quite a tough opponent, due to both her ability to talk to and control squirrels and her other squirrel-related powers. She even saved the Earth from Galactus single-handedly (well, almost. Tippy Toe helped.).Doreen Green is a college student who is part-squirrel, giving her increased strength, agility, and senses. She also has retractable knuckle spikes, sharp claws and strong teeth (and a tail, although that’s not really a power). Although she is usually seen with her trusty squirrel sidekick, Tippy Toe, she can communicate with any squirrel, and with multiple squirrels at the same time. She often uses this to create a squirrel army – capable of overwhelming opponents by sheer numbers. Unlike other heroes who use telepathy, Squirrel Girl can actually speak “squirrel” and understand it, although her power may have an element of telepathy to it that allows her to call squirrels to her when needed.Aquaman, King of Atlantis, badass of the sea…is actually often the butt of jokes for this power. Although more recent versions (including, presumably, Jason Momoa as a muscled, tattooed live-action Aquaman) have presented a more imposing Atlantean, early versions of the character were nowhere near as impressive.In the early days, Aquaman’s main power was his ability to communicate with sea-life, a telepathic power that worked best at close range. As the character developed, his powers became more impressive, allowing him to communicate with and command sea creatures over vast distances. Although this may not seem too useful at first glance, at times, he has been able to use this telepathy to stop various villains, even controlling bacteria in the body that has evolved from marine life. As the character has developed to become more intimidating, so have his powers. He also has an animal sidekick, Topo the Octopus. Like Aquaman himself, Topo has gone through some changes over the years – from a cuter, cuddly friend to a looming Kraken.We can't wait to see what he does in next year's Justice League.---Know of any other animal-communicating men and women from the comic book world? Let us know in the comments.
Tags:
squirrel girl
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A new series recently began known as the Dark Nights: Metal event, in which DC Comics plans on telling stories that exist within a Dark Multiverse that co-exists alongside the mainline DC Universe. In this Dark Multiverse exists several evil versions of the Dark Knight himself,and one of them goes by the name of Red Death, who's an amalgamation of Batman and the Flash.In the story, Batman: The Red Death, Bruce is seen aged and alone, having lost all of the Robins. He decides to go back in time and change things for the better (like that ever works). And so, he hunts down Barry Allen and effectively steals Barry's superspeed by attaching him to the Batmobile and driving it directly into the Speed Force, merging Barry and himself into the Red Death.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The year 2018 will be renowned as the year of Black Panther -- a movie that left an indelible imprint on both the pop culture and societal landscape of the world.Already, the movie has eclipsed the $1 billion dollar mark at the global box office and is on track to surpass the eight slot in the highest grossing movies of all time list. It currently ranks as no. 3 in the United States’ box office all-time.Because of the success of the character, interest has been rejuvenated in the Marvel staple.Created in 1966 during the Silver Age of Comic Books, Black Panther was one of the first superheroes of African descent in American comics, inspiring a slew of other black characters in the Marvel canon who have since become household names, including Falcon, Luke Cage, and Blade.Over five decades later, Black Panther is still considered one of the greatest superheroes of all time, as reflected by the financial success of his first Hollywood superhero solo outing.However, many fans who have just seen the movie aren't really aware of certain aspects of the character. We decided to examine his physicality and explore the abilities that make Black Panther so great.With that said, here are the 15 Things You Didn’t Know About Black Panther’s Body.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAs well as boasting a strong mental intelligence, T’Challa is gifted physically in his prowess of hand-to-hand combat.As early as Fantastic Four #52, he boasted that he was a boxing champion of the entire continent of Africa as he bludgeoned the Thing during battle, out-punching his foe whose physicality was literally composed out of bricks.Other disciplines that he’s mastered include Brazilian Jeet Kune Do, Jiu-Jitsu, Judo, Karate, Krav Maga, Muay Thai, and Taekwondo.He incorporates elements of each different fighting style while attacking ne’er do wells.However, the brunt of his fighting style hails from African based martial arts, including disciplines like Dambe, Lutte Traditionnelle, and NGolo.As well as martial arts, he’s a practiced gymnast and parkour artist. He uses both skills when he’s in a physical confrontation with an enemy.Due to his extensive training since childhood, he’s at peak human ability, and has successfully clobbered most of his peers and enemies in the Marvel universe at one point or another.Various enhancements and gadgets within his Black Panther costume also give him the one-up while brawling. These enhancements include invisibility, infrared and enhanced vision, and nasty claws infused with Antarctic vibranium that can rip through anything.These are just a few perks that he can use while implementing one of his many fighting styles.As essentially the equivalent of Aragorn in The Lord of the Rings series, T’Challa has the ability to summon the deceased whenever the going gets tough.In the Jonathan Hickman run of Fantastic Four, Anubis sends hordes of zombies to collect the heart of Amun-Ra during Shuri’s Black Panther coronation.In Fantastic Four #607, the Necropolis is introduced for the first time in the Marvel Universe -- a Wakadan city of the deceased where previous Black Panthers are buried after croaking from old age or being felled in honorable combat.The panther goddess Bast sits on a throne and inquires what T’Challa wants. T'Challa responds that he desires to become king again, but doesn’t want Shuri removed from the responsibility.Bast compromises and dubs T’Challa the kind of the deceased -- earning the powers of all previous Black Panthers and replacing Anubis' job.The ability soon becomes a familiar staple in story arcs moving forward. After acquiring the Infinity Gauntlet, T’Challa busts down a wall and releases the zombies in Secret Wars #7, rallying them with promises of “glory and honor” and “a second chance” by striking down the false God that is Doctor Doom.T’Challa also later resurrects the legions of the deceased in Black Panther #11.As cheesy as it sounds, most of T’Challa’s abilities stem from the strength of cats. In his initial battle with the Fantastic Four in Fantastic Four #52, T’Challa has the speed of a feline when he imprisons Jonny Storm in some kind of fire-retardant Jack Kirby structure.He also boasts the senses of a jungle cat, stating that they are triggered whenever Invisible Girl vanishes around him. In the darkness, he’s able to smell like a cat, making one bad pun after another in the issue until he finally takes out both The Thing and Reed Richards.The powers of the Black Panther were passed down from chieftain to chieftain, originating by a gift presented by the panther goddess Bast to protect the countries’ vibranium source.As a gifted tracker and hunter, T’Challa can utilize his instincts to follow prey across vast distances.Just like animal instincts draw from generations past, the Black Panther can implement the experience of each individual ancestor who derived their power from Bast.According to Captain America, the Black Panther has swifter reflexes than his animal namesake, becoming an emissary for Bast’s powers and taking out criminals. A panther is notorious for challenging other animals who are much larger than them for sustenance.In early issues of Jungle Action, T’Challa takes on gorillas, rhinos, and even -- inexplicably -- dinosaurs without breaking a sweat. He even stopped a stampede of elephants, something that a real panther could probably never do, as it would be squished instantly.Despite his traditional appearance, Black Panther has donned numerous alterations to his costume. Marvel outfit changes is a staple of the brand, especially with the success of Peter Parker’s Symbiote look in The Amazing Spider-Man #252.In the Christopher Priest run of the character, T’Challa sports a blue hued armor with golden jewelry and glammed-out nails that were likely done at some kind of salon.Briefly in Avengers #52, T’Challa had a cowl mask with an open mouth portion just above the nose. His relatives brandished the same look in early issues of Black Panther (1977).In the most recent iteration of the character by Ta-Nehisi Coates, the Black Panther started wearing a sleeker outfit that served as the inspiration to the movie.In various universes, T’Challa can bee seen as an actual panther mutant, afflicted by the Spider-Virus that causes him to grow additional appendages. He can also be seen as a zombie hunter who wears a loose mask and no shirt and as an experiment of Weapon X.Others have assumed the cowl. T’Challa’s son K’Shamba is a futuristic lackie of Dr. Doom. His Black Panther outfit, which is from the year 2099, has a mouth.Similarly, the narcotic cop Kevin Cole wears a white variation of the Wakanda garb and the track star Ngozi is Black Panther infected by the Symbiote virus -- a familiar trope that Marvel artists employ whenever creative inspiration fails to strike.The Black Panther costume was originally composed of black spandex until writer Christopher Priest redesigned the character to stand alongside the top tier of Marvel’s heroes.In his 1998 run, Black Panther was reimagined with a techie suit that included vibranium soles on his shoes. This was further referenced as one of the most quoted moments of the Black Panther movie.When T’Challa wanders into Shuri’s lab wearing sandals that would make any father jealous with fashionista envy, his sister approaches him and declares, “what are those?” to the kicks that are more suitable for a Jesus Christ Superstar school play.Shuri then hooks her brother up with sleek footwear enhanced with vibranium soles -- an ultra quiet accessory that comes in handy when creeping up on the baddies.The various fields of energy that come out of the shoes allow T’Challa to survive great falls and land on his feet like a feline.In the comics, the invention permits T’Challa to walk on water. In Black Panther #29, he stands on the ocean surface below a boat with Namor and encourages the anti-hero to initiate Atlantis’ surrender.Additionally, T’Challa can bounce off the waters surface as a makeshift aquatic bungie for attack, scale the sides of buildings, grip the bottom of planes, and halt the momentum of moving objects.The look of the shoes has inspired a fashion frenzy, with major shoe brands leaping on the Black Panther bandwagon and introducing character-inspired wear.Black Panther is one of a multitude of characters who wielded the Infinity Gauntlet -- the laundry list even includes Santa Clause.During the events of the Final Incursion, both Universe-616 and Universe-1610 collide, destroying existence to give the writers an excuse to wipe the slate clean and create new superhero tales.Some of the characters of the Universes managed to survive and were scattered around the map by Doctor Strange to escape from the power-hungry clutches of Doctor Doom, who has essentially become a God of Marvel.In Secret Wars #6, Black Panther and Namor are searching for the Sanctum Sanctorum. They find a teleportation device and the Infinity Gauntlet, which T’Challa promptly puts on.Accompanied by an army of zombies, he challenges Doctor Doom, brandishing the bejeweled hand, and immediately uses the Gauntlet to turn the villain to stone. Namor then obliterates it and creates a shield when his adversary retaliates.T’Challa has accepted that the Infinity Gauntlet is a relic compared to Doom’s powers, which are enhanced by the Beyonders.While Molecule Man and Reed Richards scheme to take Doctor Doom down, T’Challa utilizes the Time Gem and jumps back to before the Final Incursion and resets everything, encouraging his people to travel to the planet Bast and occupy the world.Yep, Secret Wars was heavy.As a polymath genius with eidetic memory, T’Challa is considered one of the smartest characters in the Marvel universe. In fact, he is in the top eight.From his conception in Fantastic Four #52, the Black Panther -- assuming the role of the hunter in The Most Dangerous Game novella -- outwitted the Fantastic Four to test his mettle against Klaw.In addition to beating the super-powered family, he’s often overcome their adversary Doctor Doom, outwitting the antagonist in both Doomwar and Secret Wars.With his superior intellect, T’Challa is a master manipulator. During his narration of Black Panther #11, Agent Ross relates T’Challa to being “much more like the puppet master. Always one step ahead of the bad guys and manipulating things to his advantage.”T’Challa is also a skilled inventor who created the Black Panther's vibranium infused suit, and cobbled together makeshift armor and weaponry without resources in Black Panther #516, during a time when he assumed the Daredevil role in Hell’s Kitchen.T’Challa considers every possibility like his father taught him, always planning numerous steps ahead and bragging about his success to his outwitted foes. In a “gotcha” moment, he foiled White Wolf’s scheming by replacing the bullets with blanks in Black Panther #523.1.As well as a strategist, he’s also book smart, earning a P.H.D. in Physics from Oxford University.Because of his genius, and through superior intellect, T’Challa created Shadow Physics -- a new scientific field of study that permitted the Wakanda ruler to track vibranium at the quantum level and invent weapons to battle the precious metal.After he’s nearly destroyed by Doom during the events of Doomwar, T’Challa implements his creation, combining quantum science with ancient alchemy. The new discipline allows everything from teleportation to entanglement theory.In Doomwar #5, Black Panther patiently explains the concept to Deadpool, lecturing that Shadow Physics “allows for the creation of a contained field that is a simultaneous state of nonexistence and omniexistence. Even though we can’t fix the location of the vibranium on the physical plane, we can connect to it on the quantum level.”He then transports Deadpool through the Nowhere Room -- another invention -- to Dr. Doom’s location via the quantum level.In the following issue and the conclusion of the series, he uses the Shadow Physics to take out Doom by destroying the vibranium, claiming “your own armor was the power source I needed to do what has to be done,” before transforming all the metal into a useless and inert form.The vibranium-weaved mesh in the Black Panther suit spoils bullets of their momentum. The casing falls to their ground whenever it comes into contact with the suit.In Black Panther #7, a group of thugs fire on T’Challa at point blank range. After he’s buried in what looks like a bed of bullet shells, he gloats about his bullet resistant armor and breaks his shackles, taking out the goons.During the scuffle, Agent Ross explains the suit perk like this: “I vaguely remember you saying something about the vibranium webbing in your costume being bulletproof... sapping the bullets of their inertia.”In the Black Panther movie, Shuri instructs T’Challa on how to use the refurbished suit, saying “it is lighter, completely bulletproof, and it absorbs energy for redistribution.”After getting shot at numerous times by Klaw and his crew, T’Challa utilizes the energy from the bullets and causes a car to flip over numerous times.A bullet doesn’t penetrate the armor because of its tensile strength and the kinetic energy is absorbed. However, Black Panther still feels the impact like a blow.Even at point blank range, bullets do nothing, as seen by T’Challa seizing the barrel of a gun to save villain Zemo in Captain America: Civil War. It probably caused a nasty hand cramp, though.T’Challa isn’t the only person who has assumed the Black Panther title. Before him, generations of Wakandians served to protect the cities' sacred site of the vibranium mound.In Black Panther #7, T’Challa recounts the history of his people: “Bashenga was the first Black Panther. Wise and fearless, he closed the mound and formed a cult that would guard it against all intruders. Each of his descendants lived and [passed away during] that cause.”For centuries, T’Challa’s ancestors protected the element from exterior forces that wanted to mine vibranium for their own gain. Later, the metal was sold to research laboratories for astronomical prices, but the purchase was handled by qualified scientists.The forbearer to T’Challa was his father T’Chaka, who ascended the throne after the passing of his father, King Azzuri the Wise.T’Chaka had numerous adventures with Captain America, Nick Fury, and S.H.I.E.L.D. during World War II. Protecting the vibranium from Klaw and his mercenaries, T’Chaka was gunned down, causing his brother S’Yan to temporarily rule, before he was challenged by T’Challa and happily abdicated the throne.After T’Challa destroys the source of vibranium and joins the Illuminati, Shuri ascends to the throne.Additionally, Kevin Cole becomes the White Tiger and T’Challa’s son becomes Black Panther in 2099 -- two protagonists who eventually are converted to commit acts of evil.Christopher Priest’s Black Panther is considered by many Marvel fans as the best run on the character in his 52 year history. However, giving T’Challa a brain aneurysm was a writer’s faux pas that was never properly addressed.In Black Panther #39, T’Challa took on a brainwashed Iron Fist, whose evil was apparently reflected in his costume being a darker shade -- because villains always have to look physically bad, as per the universal rules of comics.Iron Fist clobbered the heck out of Black Panther, but T’Challa managed to get Danny Rand through his mental spell.In this story, Priest actually created real world repercussions to being struck in the head repeatedly by a man with a magical fist.Over the next ten issues, T’Challa began to act like a weirdo and started seeing Magneto, nearly starting a war because of his dementia, before getting a shot in the neck to come back to normal.The arc also introduces a goofy future version of the Black Panther, sent back through the magic of King Solomon’s Frogs.Unlike the emotionless nature of T’Challa, this iteration of the character is happy-go-lucky, going fruit loops because of the brain aneurysm that is gradually claiming his life. T'Challa is soon replaced by the White Tiger, which basically concludes the run.Because of the haughty nature of his position, T’Challa has little emotion as the king of Wakanda. By donning the Black Panther garb, T’Challa fronts a spiritual based warrior cult, akin to being the pope or president.Wakanda runs a highly militaristic culture with no ties to the USA, and T’Challa must serve as the general to his people.In some iterations of the character, he doesn’t claim the lives of others, while in other iterations, he has claimed the lives of more men than he can count, contributing to his rigid exterior, burdened by the weight of guilt.Internal conflict keeps T’Challa’s emotions preoccupied with the war he wages inside himself.Black Panther #6 portrays T’Challa as being torn between two causes: “Two men are warring inside of me -- the man I am called to be and the man I truly am. I am called to be regal, irreproachable, and all-knowing. That is the mask. That is the king. But I am in my heart, a scientist.”It’s T’Challa’s desire to know things that keeps him motivated, despite his stern demeanor.Black Panther keeps it serious, avoiding the zingers often hurled by more fun superheroes like Spider-Man and Deadpool, and is often called out for his humorless disposition.Despite his intelligence and notoriety as a prodigious fighter, T’Challa doesn’t actually have any super powers.While confronting Mephisto, who attempts to prey on his opponents' insecurities, the root of his enhancements are revealed in Black Panther #5, in which he details a “special heart-shaped herb… enhanced my ability, strength, and senses and helped me become one with the spirit of the panther god.”The vibranium lined suit also helps with being bulletproof and uses the metal to redistribute energy, which makes him basically indestructible against opposing forces.In the movie, T’Challa must be cleansed of the heart-shaped herb in order to challenge or defend the mantle-- the tradition only permits his human physical prowess to be displayed during the clash.The comics present a different side: only the Black Panther can ingest the herb and must face-off against normal people. Instead of being seen as a challenge, it can be compared to a steroid user smacking around wimps that don’t even ingest protein.T’Challa still bested his uncle to earn the costume, but S’Yan didn’t want the responsibility in the first place.So basically, the costume comes from a meteor from outer space and the powers are derived from mystical enhancements. Otherwise, T’Challa is just a pretty strong dude dressed up like a black cat.T’Challa is renowned for the length of some of his physical brawls and processes fatigue differently from the average human.In Black Panther #20, T’Challa faces off against rival Erik Killmonger and the duo fight for 13 hours, playing punch face like two boxers after downing several scoops of pre-workout before their sparring session.T’Challa has Killmonger beat, and has fought so hard that all of his clothes are ripped off besides his mask. In a twist, T’Challa actually loses when he’s distracted by a flying bicycle and Killmonger squashes his chest.In Jungle Action #14, he stalks the villain Sombre for three days through a mesh of forestry in the Serpent Valley. During this, hr has also torn at his suit -- a trope artists apparently use whenever the Black Panther is exhausted.After defeating the monster, he then faces a T-Rex and fight the creature to its demise. All-in-all, the experience stretches over five days.The heart-shaped herb also gives T’Challa rapid healing of injuries and mends his broken bones faster. Additionally, he’s immune to diseases and toxins.Most versions of the character can’t regenerate. This isn't including his form as an experiment of Weapon X in The Ultimates arc.Although Chadwick Boseman wasn’t the first actor to portray Black Panther -- there were a slew of others who voiced the superhero in animated ventures -- he is the first to embody T’Challa in a live action adaptation.In order to look as invincible as the heart-shaped herb makes the Wakanda king, Boseman had to get jacked.According to a recent article by Complex, trainer Harley Pasternak recommended a training plan focused on “posterior chain and movements that emphasize the rhomboids, glutes, hamstrings, and triceps.”In several social media posts, Boseman is actually seen sweating at the gym in order to play the role. Unlike Ben Affleck’s body in all of his Batman outings and the cast of 300, who had their abs digitally painted on by the power of visual effects, both Boseman and Michael B. Jordan exercised and dieted to earn their muscular look.Celebrity nutritionist Lisa DeFazio warns of the unrealistic expectation of maintenance when comparing the average Joe to a celebrity: “If we knew we were going to shoot a movie and be paid tons of money, that would motivate anyone."She continued: "Anyone could look like a celebrity if they really wanted to, especially if you have the money behind you. They’re just everyday people. A lot of them were waiting tables five years ago.”---Can you think of any other crazy facts about Black Panther's body? Sound off in the comments!
Tags:
black panther
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Spawn’s role in the superhero hierarchy has always been a matter of debate. He’s not a member of the DC or Marvel family, and thus tends to get lost in the modern media shuffle which focuses on the films of those companies. Still, he’s managed to enter mainstream conciseness thanks in large part to the notoriety of the Golden Globe-winning HBO animated series based on the character. Still, even many of those who know Spawn really just know of him. The specifics of his exploits remain contained within the pages of the characters’ comics, which some fans still have written down on their “To Read” lists somewhere towards the bottom of the page.Those who have dove into the history of Spawn, however, will be the first to tell you that the character and his world are among the most intriguing of all comic creations. Even those who are more familiar with the character may be surprised to learn that there is far more to the Spawn series than meets the eye. The history of his rise from an idea imagined by Todd McFaralane to a leading comic icon is littered with fascinating factoids that you may have never heard before.These are the 15 Things You Never Knew About Spawn.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIt’s difficult to follow an ongoing comic storyline in the best of times. You’ve got to be able to keep up with a strict release schedule and, ideally, start reading the arc from the very beginning in order to avoid having to hunt down relevant back issues. Even those who read Spawn from the start had a tough time keeping up with the character's adventures, though, thanks to some early issues being printed out of order.Nobody is entirely sure how it happened, but for some reason, issues 19 and 20 of Spawn were skipped over during their initial release. Strangely, these issues were then re-released. 19 came out between 24 and 25, while 20 came out between 25 and 26. There are a few theories regarding what happened here, but the most popular one is that the upstart Image Comics had made some sort of technical error that resulted in them missing a publishing deadline.Spawn’s powers are a curious subject. In the beginning, Al Simmons’ transformation into Spawn granted him certain abilities that we have come to associate with many superheroes. He had super strength, super speed, and the ability to rock a pretty awesome cape. These powers spawned – pun…you know what, it’s intended – from the necroplasm that runs through his body.Things started to get a little crazy once the abilities of Spawn’s suit became more pronounced. For instance, it was established early on that Spawn’s suit is an organic entity that can sometimes act independently from Spawn. In order to keep things in check, McFarlane tried to establish the idea of a “power counter” that Spawn could exhaust by using too much magic. This is why the character relied on his suit more often than not in early issues. Eventually, though, it was established that Spawn is essentially only limited by his imagination.As we just mentioned, Spawn is an incredibly powerful entity. He not only wields the power granted to him by the necroplasm that flows through his body and the power of his suit, but he is even able to draw from the hatred and evil of the world in order to replenish his inner strength. Of the many powers that strength fuels, the one that generally comes in handy the most is his ability to quickly heal any wound. Well, almost any wound.See, when Spawn had a crossover event with Batman, there was an incident that led to Batman throwing a Batarang into Spawn’s face. While Spawn could have healed the wound rather easily, he instead chose to take an old shoestring and use it to seal the gap in his face up. Why? Well, sometimes Spawn doesn’t like to show off the full extent of his powers in order to retain a degree of humanity. As such, he sported the shoestring look for quite a few issues.Creators go through many versions of an idea before they ever dare call it a final product, and Spawn was no different. Hell's favorite soldier has certainly evolved over the years, but he has also retained many trademark elements that most people associate with the character. He’s still got that incredible cape, he’s still caught up in matters involving heaven and hell, and he still deals justice in a demonically dark world.Interestingly, there was a time when none of these now trademark elements were part of the Spawn character. When Todd McFarlane began working on Spawn when he was just a teenager, he originally envisioned the character as more of a sci-fi warrior. McFarlane has released some sketches of this early design, which show that Spawn once sported a pretty spiffy blue, gray, and white suit that feels like it belongs in outer space. Of course, he eventually adopted the more hellish red and black attire he's now known for.Anyone who remembers playing the great Soul Calibur 2 around the time of its initial release will no doubt remember that each console version of the game came with an exclusive character. GameCube players, for instance, got to play as the legendary warrior Link from The Legend of Zelda, while PlayStation 2 players were able to take Tekken’s Heihachi Mishima into battle. As for Xbox gamers, they got to play as Spawn himself. While Spawn was certainly a cool addition, some fans have always wondered why Microsoft chose a non-video game character as their exclusive.As it turns out, they didn’t have much of a choice. Microsoft didn’t want to add Master Chief to the game, meaning that they were left with very few iconic Xbox characters to work with. They tried to work out a deal to put one of the Dead or Alive characters in the game, but were never able to make it happen. They were happy to eventually land Spawn, even if Soul Calibur’s developers had to remove his cape because it was too difficult to implement into the game.When creating Spawn, Todd McFarlane ran into an interesting issue as it relates to the character’s race. See, McFarlane felt that there still wasn’t enough interesting black superhero characters in the world of comics and wanted to design one that would stand out. At the same time, he didn’t want people to solely focus on the fact that the character he created was black, or otherwise try to turn the character’s race into an unnecessary controversy.As such, he decided that when Al Simmons transformed into Spawn, he should have all of his skin charred to a crisp. In McFarlane’s words, this was done in an effort to remove the pigmentation that some readers may have been unable to get past. It was certainly a unique approach to the idea, but it did eventually lead to a pretty substantial milestone, as the Spawn film adaptation became the first major superhero movie to feature a black lead character.Spawn is not a family-friendly comic. Its source material is inherently dark, and the various writers who have contributed to the character’s adventures over the years have a fondness for pushing the envelope whenever possible. Still, Spawn is a superhero, and, as such, he does have to fulfill certain merchandising requirements. In other words, no matter how dark Spawn gets, someone somewhere expected him to still sell some action figures.Todd McFarlane initially tried to reach a deal with Mattel regarding the rights to produce action figures based on Spawn and other properties, but the two could never agree on terms. As such, McFarlane created his own brand of Spawn action figures that differed from the current superhero action figures on the market in several ways. McFarlane’s figures were intricately detailed, came in elaborate packaging, and, generally speaking, were designed to be collectibles. The obvious quality difference between Spawn toys and other superhero toys soon forced manufacturers to adopt McFarlane’s style and make them an industry standard.As you may know, Spawn has had many dealings with the underworld. It’s kind of his thing. As an operative of Hell, Spawn is often required to work with demons, even if he does often try to be a force for good. What isn’t as well-known are Spawn’s dealings with Heaven. Specifically, his dealings with God. That’s really a shame when you consider how very strange and interesting said dealings usually are.For instance, there was the time when Spawn kinda sorta accidentally kidnapped God while he/she (it sometimes changes) was disguised as an old woman. That’s a little awkward, but then again, so was the time that God came before Spawn disguised as a dog and laid down a little heavenly law before giving Spawn an ancient weapon. Their weirdest interaction, though, occurred when an even higher power transformed God and the Devil into the children of Al Simmons’ wife and new husband. This was done to teach them the humility of being human.Todd McFarlane is an interesting guy. If you want to be generous, you can call him eccentric. Sometimes, he does and says things that seem a little off-kilter and even inexplicable. This style seems to be the source of much of his creative brilliance, but sometimes it manifests itself through some rather odd behavior.For instance, consider the period late in Spawn’s run when Todd McFarlane decided to step away from the series and hand the writing duties over to a guy named Will Carlton. Getting to write for Spawn was quite the coup for Will Carlton when you consider teh fact that nobody had ever even heard of the writer before he was given this assignment. As it turns out, that’s because Will Carlton never existed before he started writing for Spawn. For some reason, Todd McFarlane decided to write about 20 issues of Spawn under the name of Will Carlton. Why? Apparently, he just thought it would be fun.It’s not uncommon for a creator in any medium to base some of their creations on people or events from their real life. Almost everyone uses their experiences as the basis for their creations to some degree. In the case of Spawn, though, you really hope that this story about a man that becomes an agent of Hell in order to repent some previous sins and save his family doesn’t share too many similarities with anyone’s life.At least so far as the comic’s character names are concerned, though, it most certainly does. Just about every major character in Spawn got their name from some person in Todd McFarlane’s life. Al Simmons, for instance, was named after an old roommate of McFarlane’s. Simmons’ wife and daughter were named after McFarlane’s wife and daughter, while Simmons’ friend Terry Fitzgerald was named after a real-life longtime friend of McFarlane. Sure, it’s not the most creative way to come up with names, but what harm could possibly come of it?The answer to “What harm could possibly come from taking the name of real people” also begins the not-so-brief lawsuit portion of this list. The Spawn property has been the subject of numerous lawsuits over the years, but one of the most absurd ones has to be the time that a professional hockey player sued Todd McFarlane over the matter of a fictional mobster.See, McFarlane created a rather despicable mobster by the name of Antonio Twistelli early into Spawn’s run. At some point, McFarlane admitted that he had, again, taken the character’s name from a real life person. This time, however, that person wasn’t someone close to McFarlane, but rather a professional hockey player named Tony Twist. Mr. Twist didn’t much care for the association. As such, he ended up suing McFarlane for $15 million in 2004 over the matter. Following a series of appeals, McFarlane ended up having to pay Twist $5 million to settle the lawsuit.Not too long after it debuted, Spawn became one of the hottest properties in comics. Fans everywhere really latched on to the series’ incredibly dark tones and compelling early storylines. The series was so popular, in fact, that McFarlane was able to convince writers like Alan Moore, Frank Miller, and Neil Gaiman to contribute original storylines to the character’s universe. For the most part, these contributions just resulted in some fascinating stories. Gaiman’s contributions, however, ended up resulting in almost two decades of legal headaches.See, Gaiman’s stories introduced three new characters to the Spawn universe that quickly became fan favorites. McFarlane was so impressed by these characters that he decided to use them in subsequent issues. The problem was that he promised Gaiman, and other writers, that they could retain the rights to their creations. When Gaiman balked at their continued usage, McFarlane decided to just create knock-offs of the characters instead. Still not satisfied, Gaiman sued McFarlane and triggered a lengthy lawsuit that was finally ruled in Gaiman’s favor. Interestingly, Gaiman later sold one of these characters – Angela – to Marvel. You might know her as Thor’s sister and a regular in Guardians of the Galaxy comics.At this point, you’re probably thinking, “Man, Todd McFarlane would presumably do whatever he could to avoid yet another Spawn-related lawsuit.” If so, you’d be right. Actually, McFarlane’s desire to avoid all possible legal incidents surrounding his property might have forced him to forever alter a pretty crucial part of the character’s history.When McFarlane was pitching the idea of doing a Spawn movie to New Line Cinema, someone at the studio noticed that there was a bit of a legal issue with doing a film that followed the character’s origins exactly. In the comics, Al Simmons was killed by a character named Chapel, who was actually borrowed from the Image Comics' series Youngblood. If Chapel was going to appear in the film, someone would have needed to pay creator Rob Liefeld a fee. Since nobody wanted to cut an extra check, McFarlane decided to simply change the identity of Simmons' killer to a woman named Jessica Priest. From then on, Priest was referenced as Simmon’s true killer in many of the comics as well.Some of our older readers might remember the time that McDonalds got into a bit of hot water by deciding to include toys based on the film Batman Returns in their Happy Meals. Some concerned citizens felt that it was irresponsible of the company to feature children’s toys based on a PG-13 film. McDonalds claimed that they struck a deal to feature the film before the MPAA gave the movie its final rating. Eventually, the whole thing died down and the world moved on.A few years later, Taco Bell one-upped them by doing a promotion based on the rated R Spawn movie. As Taco Bell wasn’t specifically marketing to children, nobody seemed to be too outraged, but that doesn’t mean that the promotions themselves weren’t downright bizarre. While it kind of makes sense that Taco Bell would promote spicy food with the help of a soldier from Hell, the final promotions were tonally strange.The Spawn movie is generally remembered as a misguided attempt to translate the character to the big screen -- if it's remembered at all. Generally speaking, the nicest thing anyone can say about it is that John Leguizamo turned in a memorable performance as Violator. It’s interesting to think how the film would have turned out if the studio’s original choice for director, Tim Burton, had been able to commit to the project. The same goes for Alex Proyas, who dropped out of the movie in order to direct Dark City.However, there’s no “what if” scenario more interesting than the idea of hip-hop artist Snoop Dogg playing Spawn, as was almost the case. Yes, according to Snoop himself, the famous rapper was not only approached to star in the film, but he actually read for the part. The already strange casting call becomes that much more bewildering when you consider that high-profile actors like Will Smith, Cuba Gooding Jr., and Denzel Washington were also considered for the role.--What other fun factoids do you know about Todd Macfarlane's greatest creation? Who do you think should star in the reboot? Sound off in the comments section.
Tags:
spawn
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
To quote Bruce Springsteen: “Everything dies, baby, that’s a fact.” And superheroes (and villains) are no exception to this rule. How else is a writer supposed to exemplify the ultimate sacrifice for the greater good? Or get quoted in USA Today and sell more poly-bagged, variant cover copies?Superhero deaths are so ubiquitous that they’re actually starting to lose their sting. When Wolverine and the Hulk were killed, were readers surprised? Outraged? Not really. They knew their heroes would be coming back. Admittedly, maybe not as a Hulkverine hybrid, but still.But even if superhero deaths are a dime a dozen, how many times has an entire team died? Would comic creators ever be crazy enough to murder off an entire group of heroes, all at once?Yes. Absolutely.To further quote the Boss: “Everything that dies, someday comes back.” Most of the mass deaths in this list have since been retconned or otherwise undone – or simply occurred in an alternate reality to begin with. But, as noted above, that's comics: No one stays dead for long. Just look at Red Hood or the Winter Soldier.But enough stalling. We know why you’re here. Let’s check out 15 Times Entire Superhero Teams Died.Click the button below to start this article in quick view“Days of Future Past” takes place in the far-flung future of 2013, after robotic Sentinels have taken over and murdered or imprisoned most of the mutant population. Out of options, Kitty Pryde – now all grown up and going by the much more sophisticated Kate – phases her mind backward to her 1980s self, where the younger Kitty then rallies the X-Men to stop Mystique from assassinating Senator Robert Kelly and setting off the events that would form her nightmarish future.Along the way, future X-Men are gruesomely killed off, just to remind viewers how much worse things could be. Speaking of ...In "Fall of the Mutants," all of the X-Men die for reals.While confronting a demon that’s wrecking up both Dallas and the timeline, the shaman/cyborg Forge remembers that he accidentally summoned a demon called The Adversary years ago, and this is probably him. Forge needs nine friends to sacrifice their lives to stop the devil, and the nine X-Men volunteer, all of them dying as heroes.Of course, they don’t stay dead, as Roma, Guardian of the Omniverse, almost immediately shows up and blinks them back to life.The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were toned down more than a little when the original comic was adapted into a kid's cartoon, but, really, that was probably the best call. Turtlemania spread and the cartoon became a gargantuan hit, spawning toys, movies, and another comic book – this one based on the goofier cartoon. From this kid-friendly comic spawned the Mighty Mutanimals, a superhero team of non-turtle mutants, with names like Ray Fillet, Mondo Gecko, and Merdude.They were all assassinated.Here’s how that happened: The Mutanimals started as guest stars in the ongoing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Adventures, then graduated to their own mini-series, and then their own ongoing title. A cartoon was quickly planned, then cancelled.This didn’t sit well with the Mutanimals creator, Ryan Brown. He didn't want his characters to become afterthoughts in the Turtles universe, so he had the Gang of Four kill all of them, subtly titling the storyline "Megadeath" and choosing to traumatize children instead of collecting royalties or something. His argument was basically that the Turtles could use the Mutanimals’ violent murders to learn about death.Why was this guy writing a kids’ book again?Shiklah is a giant purple demon-slash-sexy lady and the ruler of Marvel’s Monster Metropolis. For a while, she was in a relationship with Deadpool – as well as Werewolf By Night, Dracula, and a gorgon, because the lady knows how to have a good time.During Secret Wars, the Battleworld version of Shiklah ended up engaged to Dracula, because Deadpool was dead for some reason. Searching for the Scepter of the Manticore, Shiklah borrows the count’s army of monsters – the literally Howling Commandos – which includes Man-Thing, Frankenstein’s Monster, and a symbiote-possessed centaur, because sometimes life is awesome.Anyway, Shiklah goes a little power mad, kills Dracula, and then goes after God Emperor Doom, despite the ghost of Deadpool advising her not to do something that stupid. Sadly, Shiklah ignores him, and she and her Howling Commandos are killed by Doom's army of Thors – the appropriately named Thor Corps – forcing the eight-year-old inside of everyone to weep, just a little.Despite the lack of a cape, Angel and his former agency colleagues were surely a superhero team for the ages – except for that one time they didn't save the world at all, and the Buffyverse basically ended.In the Angel series finale, "Not Fade Away," Angel and company have decided they've had enough with Wolfram & Hart's evil-causing nonsense, and set out to end the Circle of the Black Thorn once and for all. Seeing as how the Circle are the physical instruments of a trio of other-dimensional demons older than time, things do not go as planned.By the end of the episode, Wesley is dead and Lorne has disappeared. Angel, Gunn, Illyria, and Spike meanwhile, find themselves bruised and battered, standing in an alley, and facing down the entirety of Hell. Despite the overwhelming odds, they go out fighting, gracing the small screen with one of the greatest, most moving finales of all time.Then a comic book spin-off came out three years later, revealing that Angel didn’t actually die at all – which, given Joss Whedon’s history, is kind of amazing in its own right.Young Justice is one of the greatest animated series of all time, focusing on Justice League “sidekicks” growing up and becoming heroes in their own right. Formed after the League refuses to grant membership to Robin, Aqualad, and Kid Flash, the Team grows to include Superboy, Miss Martian, and Artemis, before becoming an even larger ensemble in season two. After being unjustly cancelled, the show was recently revived, with season three scheduled for 2018.Anyway, in the episode "Failsafe," everyone dies. Everyone. The Justice League is killed before the opening titles, leaving the Team to fend for themselves against an impossible alien threat.Artemis and Aqualad die early in the fight. The remaining Team, along with a not-so-dead Martian Manhunter, try to take out the mothership, only for Superboy to get lasered. Robin and Kid Flash blow up. A second mothership appears. And then Martian Manhunter put his fist through Miss Martian’s chest.You see, it was all a telepathic dreamworld training exercise that went horribly, horribly awry. Miss Martian's subconscious went rogue and took over, meaning Manhunter had to kill dream-her to wake real-her up and free her comatose teammates.Maybe just invest in a Danger Room next time, guys.Originating in the late '50s as a covert military group, it wasn't until the 1980s that the more familiar, "force bad guys to not be bad guys" version of Suicide Squad was created. And while that team had a buttload of casualties over the years, most missions ended with (almost) everyone walking away. Not until the Squad’s third go-round, under General Rock, did the team finally live up to the name.Rock recruited members of the old Injustice League – a group of D-list villains that had formed to stop the Justice League, failed spectacularly, met later in line at an unemployment office, became thieves, tried to rob a bank and actually stopped a diamond heist instead, then straight-up joined the Justice League as the Antarctica branch, where they promptly lost a fight to a group of penguins.After all that, Rock, for some reason, brings them to Iceland because he thinks they might be able to stop a biological weapon from exploding. Surprisingly, the Squad does manage to stop the bomb, but Big Sir, Clock King, Cluemaster, and Multi-Man all bite it in the process, dying as the heroes they so obviously weren’t.For a kid's cartoon about cars that turn into robots and punch other robots, The Transformers was never afraid to kill off its heroes. After all, how else were they supposed to sell toys?That’s not the hard cynicism of adulthood talking, either – Flint Dille, story consultant on The Transformers: The Movie, admitted to wiping out the characters corresponding to the 1984/85 toy line because the figures had been discontinued. The show needed to make room for all the new characters/toys debuting after the movie.As a result, the movie – premiering after the second season finale and set twenty years in the future – killed (or implied the death of) all of the existing Autobots. Among the casualties: Ironhide, Prowl, Ratchet, and, of course, Optimus Prime.Optimus' death, specifically, was received so poorly by children that last minute edits were made to G.I. Joe: The Movie to spare Duke – and the G.I. Joe bottom line – from a similar fate.The New Warriors, a C-list group of super-nobodies have become the stars of a reality television show to try and shed that image. So when Microbe, Namorita, Night Thrasher, and Speedball find themselves facing down Cobalt Man, Coldheart, Nitro, and Speedfreek, there’s a cameraman at the ready, recording the whole thing. And when it all goes sideways, there’s video proof.Nitro explodes, killing the New Warriors, his comrades, and over 600 other people in Stamford, Connecticut, including a playground full of children. The Stamford Incident, as it comes to be known, is the main impetus for the Superhero Registration Act and the first “Civil War” storyline.Now, in the interests of factual integrity, Speedball didn’t actually blow up during the blow-up. Instead, he was thrown for miles; killed two more guys while unconscious; lost his powers; gained new, far more emo powers; and changed his name to Penance, and was generally just a bummer to be around. So, yes, technically, Robbie Baldwin, the guy beneath the costume, survived, but fun-loving superhero Speedball sure didn't.Fables is an ongoing series about fairy tale characters living secretly among regular, boring humans – kind of like Disney’s Once Upon A Time, except with more sex and violence and better writing and characters.Jack of Fables was a spin-off series about Jack Horner – the same Jack from “Jack and the Beanstalk,” “Jack and Jill,” “Jack the Giant Killer,” and pretty much any other tale involving a guy named Jack. After stealing a bunch of Fabletown’s cash, Jack’s exiled and forced to live out in the real world. While there, he befriends other Fables - including Humpty Dumpty and Lady Luck – and clashes with the super-meta Literals, like Pathetic Fallacy and Bookburner. Eventually, in a move out of a Bugs Bunny cartoon, Jack pisses off the series' artist, gains weight, and is then turned into a dragon.Meanwhile, his son, Jack Frost, has grown up into a much less sociopathic hero than his father and is looking to slay a dragon to prove it. Guess which one? The two Jacks slug it out, surrounded by all of the characters that have appeared in the series to date. Then they all die – which, if you’ve read any fairy tales at all, really isn’t that surprising.Rising Stars was a limited comic series spanning 24 issues, written by J. Michael Straczynski. The story followed 113 "Specials," folks who gained super powers following the appearance of a mysterious light in the sky over their hometown of Pederson, Illinois.But not all of these Specials were good guys. It doesn’t take long before Critical Maas, a telepath, mind-controls an army of specials and takes over Chicago, forcing Poet (John Simon) and numerous other Specials to liberate the city. Afterward, John convinces the Specials to work together for the good of humanity and everything is fixed forever. Or at least until Randy Fisk - John's half-brother - wins the presidency and blows up a gathering of Specials with a bomb specifically designed to kill all of them. No one survives.John, absent from the party, gains all of the released Specialness, then flees the planet, crash-landing on an alien world in a way eerily similar to how Rising Stars began.Somewhere, a baboon lifts up a lion cub and begins singing.Doom Patrol is usually seen as DC’s X-Men – even though Doom Patrol was first and the X-Men clearly ripped them off.In any event, the Chief, a sociopathic bald man in a wheelchair, collects untrained misfits, grants them superpowers against their will, and then creates a team to go fight bad guys.A "hero" who experiments on his "friends" is almost certainly going to make some enemies along the way, and Chief's Doom Patrol was no different. In the final storyline, master of disguise Madame Rouge, along with the help of Captain Zahl, a vengeful Nazi U-boat commander, sets out to finish the DP once and for all.After the government evicts Chief, Elasti-Girl, Negative Man, and Robotman from their home for being too dangerous, the team relocates to an island, where Rouge and Zahl give them two options: Let a town of 14 people in Maine explode and save themselves, or go kablooey and save the New Englanders. To the villains’ surprise, the Doom Patrol elects to save the innocent bystanders, so Captain Zahl unleashes his DP-negating bombs, along with a bunch of regular bombs, and blows them all up.Sometime after Professor Xavier mind-wiped Magneto, it was revealed that some of the supervillain’s evil had actually seeped into the prof’s X-brain, eventually turning Xavier into Onslaught, a sentient psionic entity of pure hate.Being heroes, the X-Men, the Fantastic Four, and the Avengers join together to take down Onslaught. They manage to free Professor X from within the creature, but Onslaught’s still running around – now without even a little bit of good somewhere deep inside.Trying again, the teams converge on Onslaught, with the Hulk tearing apart the villain’s armor and turning Onslaught into an energy cloud. Thor follows by smacking the cloud real good and disrupting Onslaught’s energy. But this isn’t enough. So the Fantastic Four and the Avengers sacrifice themselves and jump into the field, which, for some reason, works, and Onslaught is dissolved.The Marvel Universe was then forced to live without its greatest heroes, reckoning with their sacrifice, and – just kidding. Franklin Richards created a pocket universe for the dead heroes to live in, eventually pulling them out and putting them back into the real universe.T. O. Morrow is a terribly named supervillain and the creator of Red Tornado. Utilizing a television that lets him see into the future, T. O. steals future-tech, then uses it to attack the Justice League of America.Most of the time, these efforts failed spectacularly, but in the aptly named "T.O. Morrow Kills the Justice League - Today!" storyline, he does, in fact, kill the Justice League.After killing half of the Justice Society of America in Earth-Two, T.O. decides to go after the League again. Borrowing a page from "Snow White and the Seven Dwarves," and then turning it upside down, T.O. creates duplicates of the League's lovers, then has those clones French kiss the team ... to death! Then he puts their bodies on display in case you forgot he was a supervillain.Somehow, Red Tornado, back in the Earth-Two dimension, hears about this tragedy, tornadoes his way across space-time, and finds the League's actual significant others. They kiss the dead Leaguers and bring them back to life, then they go and beat up T.O. Morrow for having such a stupid name.The Legion of Super-Heroes was a time-traveling team of terrific teenagers, featuring such DC stalwarts as Lightning Lad, Bouncing Boy, and Shrinking Violet. Originally a one-off story in Adventure Comics #247, the group proved popular, got their own title, and ran uninterrupted for almost forty years.Later, after they grew up, another version of the Legionnaires – referred to as Batch SW6 – showed up, though whether they were clones or robots or time travelers was anyone's guess. The two groups operated side-by-side until the "End of an Era" storyline – at which point their entire reality ceased to exist.Back when rebooting an entire comic universe was still a big deal, DC instituted “Zero Hour,” to try and fix the discrepancies in their admittedly confusing continuity. For the Legion, this meant finally admitting that the SW6ers were from another timeline, and, by traveling into the main one, they broke the universe. Timelines are shifting and colliding, heroes’ memories are fracturing, villains are showing up, and then, with only the two versions of the founding members standing around in space, holding hands, nothing. Their entire cosmos vanishes.For a universe full of some of the strongest heroes to ever grace the pages of a comic book – we’re looking at you, Franklin Richards – the Marvel universe has just ended an awful lot.Punisher and Deadpool have each killed the entire Marvel universe, singlehandedly. Deadpool did so after meddling by Psycho-Man made him even crazier, while the Punisher was simply getting revenge against superheroes after his family was collateral damage in a super-brawl.Meanwhile, in Marvel Zombies, a zombie infestation takes over the planet, causing everyone to kill and/or eat everyone else.And then, finally, we have the original “Infinity Gauntlet” story. Thanos, having collected the Infinity Gems and a fancy glove to put them on, snaps his fingers and kills half the frigging universe – including the X-Men and the Fantastic Four. The heroes that aren't dead quickly team up and race into space to fight Thanos, only to get killed there, on the moon, instead of back on Earth. Thanos goes on to kill Galactus, Kronos, the Stranger, and even Eternity, causing Thanos to become the living embodiment of the universe.And then Nebula steals the guantlet and undoes everything. Thanos gets so depressed he fakes a suicide and becomes a farmer.Maybe lock that thing up next time, Thanos.***Anything we missed? Let us know in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In episode 10 of Season 5 (“Abandon All Hope...”) the team assembles and goes in search of Lucifer in an attempt to take him out with the Colt. Sam, Dean, Castiel, and Bobby, along with Jo and Ellen, devised a plan we all thought would work… or at leastthought might do some damage while still getting them all out of there alive.Mother and daughter team Jo and Ellen Harvelle first showed up in Season 2. Fans instantly loved the reluctant hunters and their Roadhouse, their rough and tough attitudes, plus their relationships with the other characters. Bobby and Ellen had this possible soulmate thing going, and Dean and Jo had some serious chemistry. But in this episode, after their failed plan left Jo mortally wounded by a hellhound, Ellen (being the ultimate warrior mother) decided to die a hero next to her daughter and sacrificed herself for the greater good.Losing that pair was by far the show’s most devastating blow since John Winchester. While series creator Eric Kripke made the first 5 seasons near perfect, Jo and Ellen’s departure from the series was a sad moment that ended up leaving a pretty big hole in our hearts.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The development time of video games keeps increasing year by year. This is due to how complex modern video games have become. When Shigeru Miyamoto was working on the original Super Mario Bros. back in 1985, he didn't have to worry about online multiplayer, voice acting, VR support, ratings boards, or creating a game for multiple platforms. Nowadays, a video game development team has to fulfil numerous obligations at once, while both fans and publishers are screaming at them to get it finished on time.Some games have had terrible luck when being developed. Any number of factors can delay or kill a video game. It is because of outside interference that many games have went well over a five year development cycle. Some even took a decade to complete! We are here today to look at the games that took a break at the starting line, and waited way too long to enter our lives. From the long-awaited return of Gordon Freeman, to the dreaded reemergence of the Duke. Here are 15 Video Games That Spent Way Too Long In Development.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewBefore the release of Half Life 2 in 2004, it is no exaggeration to say that it was the most anticipated PC game of all time. The original Half Life helped redefine the video game genre. Valve took the antiquated Quake engine, and created a game with skeletal animation, intelligent enemies, and interactive cutscenes that gave Half Life a cinematic quality.Half Life 2 began production in 1999. The original plot of the game was very different to the final product, and only certain sections remained in the retail version. Originally, Gordon Freeman would launch an attack on AirEX, a facility that is replacing the breathable air in the atmosphere with a poisonous gas. He would be trapped aboard a ship that is adrift in the Arctic, before escaping on a submarine to a secret rebel base.Valve originally gave a release date of September 30th, 2003. They kept reaffirming this date, even though numerous gaming publications & websites were reporting rumours of a delay. Valve eventually confirmed the delay... on September 23rd, 2003, a week before people were expecting to play the game. A demo was leaked by an ornery fan, and it was revealed that a lot of the E3 footage of the game was actually scripted, even though Valve claimed that it wasn't. The fan outrage eventually died down, and the game was released in November of 2004.Final Fantasy XII is often considered to be the weakest of the PlayStation 2 instalments of the series. Final Fantasy X was a huge critical and commercial success. So much so that it was the first game in the series to get a direct sequel. While fans initially complained about Final Fantasy XI being an online game, it eventually went on to be the most profitable game in the series. Final Fantasy XII received a mixed response, both in terms of its story and gameplay. Most Western fans openly despised Vaan, the main character of the game. They did not give the rest of the story a chance because of him, out of sheer spite. The gameplay was accused of relying too much on A.I. controlled party members, with some reviews claiming that the game played itself.Development began on Final Fantasy XII in 2000, with Yasumi Matsuno (the brains behind Final Fantasy Tactics, and Vagrant Story) acting as the game's director. Matsuno quit the project when it was still halfway through development, and left Square Enix altogether. His loss was the biggest contributor to the game's delay, and it was up to his team to pick up the pieces. It has been theorised by some fans that Yiazmat, the main Superboss of the game, is actually a shout-out to Matsuno (as the name of Yiazmat's mission is "Farewell To A Legend"). Final Fantasy XII was finally released in March of 2006.Resident Evil 4 was released in 2005 to massive critical acclaim. It is often considered to be the best game of the PlayStation 2/GameCube/Xbox era, and is one of the most beloved video games of all time. It redefined both the action and shooter genres, and revitalised the Resident Evil franchise.It is fortunate that Resident Evil 4 was such a great game upon release. It was lucky to have been released at all, due to the numerous revisions it underwent. Development tentatively started in 1999, with the creation of a game that was more action focused than normal. Capcom decided that this game was too different from previous instalments to be a Resident Evil game, so they turned it into it's own title. That game became Devil May Cry.There existed at least two other vastly different versions of Resident Evil 4. The first was set in a castle, and featured the return of the classic zombie enemies from the first three games. This version was scrapped, in favour of a totally different Resident Evil 4 that featured ghosts. The so-called "Hook Man" version of the game was shown at E3, and it featured Leon fighting possessed suits of armour, haunted dolls, and ghost-like monsters that could phase through walls. This version of the game was deemed to be too different from the other games in the franchise, so the Resident Evil 4 that we known and love began development.They say that if you mention the name of Deus Ex online, then someone in the world will reinstall it. Despite being released in the year 2000, Deus Ex is still considered to be one of the greatest PC RPGs ever made. You play as JC Denton, a secret agent who has been enhanced with cybernetics. His first mission involves dealing with the leader of a group of terrorists that have taken over the Statue of Liberty. JC Denton is soon dragged into a battle between numerous factions that want to take over the world.The surprise success of The X-Files TV show began an interest in media that focused on government conspiracies and cover-ups. This led Warren Spector, a producer at Origin Studios, to begin work on a first person shooter that dealt with black-ops government agents. The game that would become Deus Ex started out as Troubleshooter, a game that Spector pitched to Origin Studios in 1994. They passed on the concept, and Spector left the company to join Looking Glass Technologies. John Romero (of Doom fame) offered Spector a job at Ion studios, and funded the game that he had been pitching for so long. The game underwent numerous revisions, before finally being released as Deus Ex in the year 2000.With so many Grand Theft Auto games being released over the years, fans have often wondered if Rockstar would ever consider making a similar game where you played as a cop. While we have yet to see a game like that in a contemporary setting, we did get a detective drama set in the 1940s. L.A. Noire was released in 2011 to critical acclaim and commercial success. The game was notable for its extensive use of motion tracking for the animation on the character's faces. While this feature was impressive, it also bumped the game's file size up considerably (to the point where it was one of the few Xbox 360 games to be released on multiple discs).L.A. Noire started out as a game developed by a company called Team Bondi. It began development in 2004, with the publishing rights being bought by Rockstar in 2006. From that point on, both companies worked on the game. Due to the unique method of recording facial movements (using technology called MotionScan), the game's development cost shot up. L.A. Noire is estimated to have cost over 50 million dollars to produce, making it one of the most expensive video games ever made. The game ran into numerous issues during production, partly because of the inexperience of Team Bondi, and the issues that they had working with Rockstar. The problems escalated to the point where several former Team Bondi employees started a website that listed all of the people who weren't credited for their work on the game.The original StarCraft swiftly became one of the most popular strategy games of all time. Blizzard were a trailblazer in terms of creating games with exciting online elements. They also engaged with the fans directly, and encouraged the growth of a huge community that thrives to this day. StarCraft has been a feature at competitive gaming events for almost twenty years now, and still sees regular play in countries like South Korea (where it has practically become a national sport).Blizzard are known for taking their time with sequels. Development on StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty began shortly after the release of the final WarCraft III expansion in 2003. It was during the creation of StarCraft II that World of Warcraft was released. Blizzard shifted its focus to working on World of Warcraft, due to its ever-growing fanbase (and the cash they were pouring into the game).StarCraft II was announced in 2007. Blizzard promised a beta test for the game in 2009, but ultimately had to cancel those plans, and pushed it back to 2010. StarCraft II: Wings of Liberty was finally released in 2010, or rather, a third of it was. The game only had one single player campaign (for the Terran race), with the other two campaigns being released later as expansion packs.This one is kind of a cheat, as the game actually hasn't been released yet. The Last Guardian is due to be released in roughly one week (as of time of writing). The chances of Team Ico delaying it now are low (but not out of the question, as Valve did it with Half Life 2).The Last Guardian is the third chapter in a loose trilogy of games, along with Ico and Shadow of the Colossus. You play as a young boy, who must guide a giant Griffon through various levels. Fans have been eagerly awaiting this game since it was first announced in 2009 (though it began development two years earlier). The Last Guardian was originally supposed to be a PlayStation 3 exclusive, but production went on for so long that it was moved to the PlayStation 4.Fans were not sure if The Last Guardian was ever going to be released. The shift from one console to another was not revealed to the public until 2015. All new information about the game stopped being made, and both Sony and Team Ico went silent on the matter of it's status. While no official cancellation was given, the lack of updates led many news outlets to speculate that the game had entered a permanent hiatus. The PlayStation 4 version of The Last Guardian was officially announced at the start of Sony's 2015 E3 press conference.Mother 3 was a game that died, and was brought back to life.The Nintendo 64 was planned to have an add-on called the 64DD (which stood for Disk Drive). This was a peripheral that connected to the Nintendo 64, and allowed games to be run on disk with a high memory capacity. The 64DD was released in Japan to a lukewarm reception. Support for the add-on quickly dried up, and a planned Western release for the 64DD never came to pass.One of the games planned for the 64DD was Mother 3, also known as Earthbound 64. This game was going to be a sequel to the cult classic RPG called Mother 2 (known as Earthbound in America). Due to the development team being new to 3D graphics, progress on the game moved slowly. Mother 3 began development in 1994, but due to the issues with having to move the game from the 64DD to a regular Nintendo 64 cartridge, it was continually delayed. Mother 3 was officially cancelled in the year 2000.This was not the end for Mother 3. The game was announced as returning, but as a Game Boy Advance title. After three years of development, the new Mother 3 was released in Japan. The game has yet to see an official release outside of Japan, but an English fan translation exists.While it sucks when a game is delayed, it ultimately doesn't matter so long as it's good. This is true for most of the games on this list. It is a shame that a lot of fans don't see it that way, as they will be the first to viciously complain when a delay is announced. The creator of No Man's Sky received death threats when he announced a two month delay of the game. The same is true for journalists who report rumours of a delay, as was the case with Final Fantasy XV being delayed by two months.Too Human spent nine years in development, and it wasn't worth the wait.Originally announced for the PlayStation in 1999, Too Human was an action game that was being developed by Silicon Knights. Early footage of the game was shown at the 1999 E3 press conference. The game was then ported to the Nintendo GameCube, after Silicon Knights struck a deal to create games exclusively for Nintendo consoles. Progress on the game was halted, as Silicon Knights began work on Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem. After the deal with Nintendo ended, Silicon Knights cut a deal with Microsoft, and moved development of Too Human onto the Xbox 360. This port of the game was announced in 2005, but the final product would not be released until 2008. Too Human was released to a lukewarm reception, and did not make back its estimated 100 million dollar production cost.As mentioned above, a version of Half Life 2 was leaked following the announcement of its 2003 delay. As fans poured over the code for the game, they found elements for other titles that had yet to be announced. In the Half Life 2 leak, they found information pertaining to Counter Strike: Source, and Team Fortress 2. The original Team Fortress actually started out as a mod for Quake. The game provided team based multiplayer, with players being able to choose from different characters, who each possessed unique abilities. Valve were so impressed with the mod that they hired its three creators to make a version of Team Fortress for Half Life. Footage of a sequel was shown at E3 1999, which showed a realistic aesthetic for the soldiers.Valve delayed Team Fortress 2 in the year 2000 for an indefinite period of time. This was due to the massive amount of work that was going into the Source Engine, Half Life 2, and Steam. Nothing was said about Team Fortress 2 until 2004, when it was confirmed to still be in development. The game was finally released in 2007, in a form that was completely different from the original design of the game.Square Enix once had big plans for a franchise called Fabula Nova Crystallis Final Fantasy. It was intended to be composed of games that were linked by certain themes and concepts. The first game to be released from this franchise was Final Fantasy XIII. The game was not as well-received as other Final Fantasy titles, so Square Enix started to back away from the idea of creating a larger franchise around it. There were two other games planned to be part of the Fabula Nova Crystallis Final Fantasy series, and they changed greatly over time. The first was Final Fantasy Agito XIII, which eventually became Final Fantasy Type-0. This game was released in Japan on the PlayStation Portable in 2009. Despite being a Final Fantasy game, we would not see a Western release of Type-0 until it received a HD remaster for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in 2015.The other Fabula Nova Crystallis Final Fantasy game was Final Fantasy Versus XIII. It was first revealed at E3 2006, and was going to be a PlayStation 3 exclusive title. The game suffered a long development, as resources were used on other Square Enix games that were released in the following years instead (like the sequels to Final Fantasy XIII, and Final Fantasy XIV for example). Very little news of the game was released until 2013, when it was officially changed into Final Fantasy XV, and was moved over to the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. The game would see a further three years in development, with Square Enix giving regular updates as to its progress. A huge event was held in March of 2016 to announce the release date of the game. It was revealed to be coming out on September 30th... a date they later had to back out of, due to significant work still being required. After a decade of waiting, Final Fantasy XV was released on November 29th, 2016.Battle.net is the official online platform used by Blizzard. While it was originally created for Diablo, it was the sequel to that game that made Blizzard the number one developer for online gaming. At the time of its release, Diablo II was the fastest selling video game of all time. It improved on almost everything from the first game, and had way more replayability. The online co-op mode of Diablo II was what made the game popular, with millions of people playing it at the same time. It was the success of this mode that led to Blizzard envisioning a wholly online gaming experience, leading to the birth of World of Warcraft. Development on Diablo III began in 2001, though the earliest versions of the game did not resemble the final product. Blizzard did not officially reveal the game until 2008 (despite numerous rumours confirming its production). After an extensive period of beta testing, the PC version of Diablo III was released on May 15th, 2012. To those who actually bought the game on release day, the wait would go on a little longer. The Battle.net severs were not prepared for the beating they took from so many new players coming online at once. This was exacerbated by the fact that the game could only be played when it was connected to the servers. This mean that players could not even play the single player campaign upon release.Blizzard might take a long time developing games, but the final product is usually worth it. 3D Realms have a reputation of taking over a decade to make games, yet there is no guarantee of high quality at the end.3D Realms began development on a game called Prey in 1995. The game involved a native american warrior battling aliens with the aid of a portals. These portals were actually a huge problem for the game, as the technology did not exist in the '90s to use them efficiently as a gameplay mechanic. A version of the game that used portals was being developed in 1997. It's a shame that this version of the game never saw the light of the day, as Valve would pioneer use the mechanic in their massively successful Portal series. A new version of Prey on modern hardware began development in 2001, although the game would not be released until 2006.Despite Prey's lengthy production schedule, it sold enough copies to be financially successful. A sequel was planned for release at one point, as Bethesda purchased the rights to the franchise. Prey 2 was announced, and then cancelled, in favour of a reboot of the franchise that is due to be released in 2017.If there was ever a movie that was made to be adapted into a first person shooter, it's Aliens. Anyone could make an entertaining game out of a group of marines that are trapped in a space station, and are being attacked from all sides by hordes of monstrous Xenomorphs.Well... anyone but Gearbox Software can. There have been numerous excellent first person shooters released over the years that have starred the Xenomorphs. It took Gearbox's incompetence to mess up one of the easiest concepts in gaming.Sega bought the rights to create licenced games based on the Alien franchise in 2006, and they hired Gearbox to make a game that used it. Aliens: Colonial Marines was officially announced in 2008. The game was in development for five years, with delays being announced as often as any actual news of the game. Sega actually cancelled the game at one point, due to Gearbox taking people off the game to work on Borderlands, but still taking payments from Sega as if they were still working on Colonial Marines. Aliens: Colonial Marines was finally released in 2013. It saw scathing reviews, with complaints made about the abundance of bugs, issues with the A.I., and the fact that you spend a large portion of the game fighting human mercenaries instead of Xenomorphs.Duke Nukem 3D was one of the earliest games in the first person shooter genre. It was a huge commercial and critical success, and was considered by many to be the rival to Doom. While id Software continued to release numerous games and expansions for the Doom franchise, 3D Realms took their sweet time coming up with a Duke Nukem sequel. Duke Nukem Forever was announced in 1997, just as many of the teens who would be interested in the game upon its release were being conceived.Development on Duke Nukem Forever began in 1996. 3D Realms actually bought the licence to the Quake II engine from their rivals, id Software, for an undisclosed (but likely sky high) price. One of the biggest factors in delaying the game was the numerous engine shifts. After two years of being developed on the Quake II engine, Duke Nukem Forever was moved to the Unreal engine. It was later moved to a custom-built engine, that promised to have greater physics effects than Half Life 2's Source engine.The creators of Duke Nukem spent an estimated 20 million dollars of their own money on the game. After refusing an offer made by Take-Two Interactive to fund the game, almost all of the Duke Nukem Forever staff were laid off. The only reason the game was ever released was because Gearbox Software funded the game. Gearbox's CEO was a huge fan of the series, and he personally ensured its release.Duke Nukem Forever was finally released for PC, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3 in 2011. The game received mainly negative reviews upon release, and was generally considered to not live up to fifteen years of hype.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Do you see the dark clouds approaching? Can you hear the thunder in the distance? That's no normal storm that you feel approaching; it's the pending premiere of Sharknado: The 4th Awakens. This...err...long-awaited fourth installment in the renowned Sharknado franchise is set to debut on the SyFy channel on July 31st and will no doubt use the star power of Tara Reid, Carrot Top and Wayne Newton to reach new heights in cinematic excellence.But seriously, the one thing we can safely predict about Sharknado 4 is that the series' trademark sense of fun will help it to rise well above the very worst shark movies ever made. While the Sharknado franchise may not be the peak of movie excellence, it is still far greater than what the absolute bottom of the sharksploitation genre has to offer.If you need further proof of that, just take a look at the 15 Worst Shark Movies Of All Time.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewOne of the themes you’ll find throughout this list is movies that attempt to alter the actual habits of a shark in order to conveniently place them in whatever poorly written scenario the creators have concocted. So far as that goes, Red Water’s scientific inaccuracies are not that deplorable. Essentially, it argues that a shark could possibly travel from the ocean to a Louisiana river where it begins to hunt human prey. Given that some sharks can travel between freshwater and saltwater, this is forgivable enough.Here endeth the leeway we grant Red Water, though. Despite the fact that this film features both Coolio and Lou Diamond Phillips (together at last!) it still suffers from a notable lack of genuine entertainment -- intentional or otherwise. It treats itself far too seriously at times and plays nearly everything too safe. You’re going to hear a lot of bad things about shark movies during the course of this list, but a boring shark movie is a truly unforgivable sin.Poor Daryl Hannah. She may not have always made the best career decisions, but it’s shameful to think that her acting career sunk so deep at one point that she found herself in the shark infested waters of Shark Swarm. As you may gather from the title, this TV movie manages to distinguish itself slightly by implying that the toxins released by a greedy businessman are capable of causing sharks to form an unnatural swarm like we might see in bees and other flying insects.It’s a neat enough concept, but not nearly neat enough to justify this film’s 2 hour and 47 minute runtime. No, that’s not a typo. This horribly misguided attempt at creating a genuinely dramatic shark movie is just a few minutes shy of equaling the length of the first Lord of the Rings outing. Now granted, it did initially air in two parts, but it’s somehow even more insulting to think that the filmmakers expected anyone to tune in to watch this melodramatic mess on multiple occasions.Why Shark Attack 2? Why not Shark Attack, Shark Attack 3 or any other number of awful shark films? Well, this honor goes to Shark Attack 2 largely because of the film’s premise. Shark Attack 2 picks up soon after where the legendary Shark Attack left off by suggesting that one of the mutant sharks of the first film made their way to a poorly disguised Seaworld rip-off named Water World and became the park’s premiere attraction. As you might imagine, things go horribly wrong, and soon the park, as well as its annual surfing competition, are terrorized by this underwater predator. Now, what’s particularly infuriating about that premise is that it’s more or less stolen directly from Jaws 3-D. Yes, while most movies are content with ripping off the good Jaws, this one actually decides to copy Jaws 3-D of all movies. In all fairness, it must be said that the movie also does steal from the other Jaws films as well by copying them almost shot-for-shot at several points. Regardless of what entry it’s stealing from, it always produces the same awful results.We like to imagine that there were a series of high-profile meetings held in underground bunkers between Hollywood’s most powerful agents leading up to the release of 2012’s 2-Headed Shark Attack. We like to imagine this because it is the only way to possibly comprehend how a studio managed to get both Carmen Electra and Brooke Hogan in the same movie. Yes, these powerhouses of the silver screen managed to put aside their well-earned egos and co-exist in order to bring the world 2-Headed Shark Attack.We really wish they hadn’t, though. While you may think the “2-Headed” portion of the title refers to the two larger-than-life leading ladies, it is actually in reference to a literal two-headed shark that decides to start picking apart wayward college students. What’s really annoying about that is this movie never once attempts to explain why this shark has two heads. Is it really too much to ask that the movie would try to offer some kind of reason for this thing’s existence? Then again, with Carmen Electra playing a college professor, perhaps it’s for the best that this movie stays away from science.Can we just take a moment to appreciate the honesty of this title? While nearly every shark movie of the last 30 years has ripped off Jaws in one way or another, here is a movie that decides to drop all the attempts at presenting itself as something genuinely creative and just says “No, this is totally Jaws, but just in Japan.” It doesn’t even matter that the movie’s real name is Psycho Shark. It will forever be Jaws in Japan.And wow, is it ever awful. Jaws in Japan can’t decide whether or not it’s trying to be a found footage Cloverfield-style film or more of a shark movie meets anime kind of affair. Instead, it just kind of dances between both. This results in a bizarre mix of tones and cinematic shots as Jaws in Japan just kind of throws everything it has against a wall and prays that it comes together in the editing room. A similar problem exists with the film’s shark, which is either larger than a battleship or about 60 feet long, based on the needs of the director.Of all the “shark vs. (blank)” films, why does Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus rank below the rest? Well, while just about any movie carrying a variation of that title deserves to be in the running for worst shark movie ever made, this movie holds a special place in the shark genre because of the absurd capabilities of the shark in question. No longer content with simply dominating the waters, this shark has decided to test the capabilities of his evolution by jumping hundreds of feet in the air to take down airplanes and taking sizeable chunks out of the Golden State Bridge with its teeth. This thing is incredible.The movie’s biggest problem is that its human actors don’t seem to be having nearly as much fun with this premise as they should be. The cast (led by the one and only Lorenzo Lamas) too often plays it straight when they should just follow the shark’s lead by testing the full range of their acting abilities. Well, there’s that, and the slight issue that the giant octopus in question fails to leave a notable mark on the proceedings. Step up your game, humans and giant octopi. Most shark films have the good graces to end with the death of the monster shark. Anyone that understands anything about filmmaking, storytelling and...well, common sense will understand why this is. The 2013 made for TV movie Ghost Shark is a little different in this respect. Rather than ending with the death of a gigantic killer shark, it begins with that creature’s death at the hands of a group of redneck fishermen. Luckily for the shark (and, let’s be honest, the audience) it is able to come back as a ghost in order to seek its revenge.Now, here’s the frustrating part about that. Despite being a ghost, this resurrected shark is still limited to traveling in water. Granted, the shark is capable of inhabiting any body of water, but how in a movie where you have a shark that has left its natural form do you not let it go wherever it pleases? The result is a surprisingly mundane little piece of shark horror that manages to entertain in a couple spots (most notably an instance in which the shark is waiting at the end of a slip and slide for its victim) but fails to provide enough amusement to rise above its awful everything else.As a general rule, the more titles that a movie has, the greater the odds that it’s pretty awful. After all, any film that goes to such lengths to disguise itself usually does so for a reason. Do you know what’s really funny about Hammerhead/Shark Frenzy/Sharkman? It’s actually got a pretty interesting premise. Hammerhead starts with the death of a young man named Paul Young who succumbs to kidney cancer. Years later, his father invites the doctors that worked on his son to a private island. There he reveals that he was able to save Paul by injecting him with shark DNA (as you do) and now he intends for his son/shark mutant creation to kill the doctors as a measure of revenge. It’s not exactly original, but it’s not bad. Where things go bad quickly is when the creature begins its rampage. This has to be the dullest movie about a vengeful land shark ever made. This monster splits his time between being a generic stalking murderer and a generic stalking shark, leaving you to wonder just what it was everyone involved was trying to accomplish when the shark movie ante has been raised so much.Mako: The Jaws of Death has the privilege of being the oldest entrant on this list. Released just one year after Jaws, it was part of that initial wave of films that wrongfully believed that audiences were simply hungry for more sharks on film. As such, they were quick to oblige them with an endless stream of generic Jaws rip-offs trying to make a quick buck. Mako isn’t like that, though we wish it was. It tries to put a twist on the basic shark movie concept by presenting the story of a man that suddenly gains the ability to control sharks who he now sees as his friends. For much of the film, Mako is simply a poorly made low budget shark flick. Where things quickly go crazy is when the main character is approached by a strip club owner named Barney that believes his shows will be improved by the presence of sharks. This bizarre and incredibly overweight man kicks off a series of incredibly outlandish sequences that are so loosely edited together that it almost seems that they’re not even from the same movie. It must be seen to be believed.Brooke Hogan strikes again! Yes, the second or third most famous member of the Hogan family (based on who is being sued at the moment) makes another appearance on this list courtesy of her role in the aptly titled Sand Sharks. In an effort to expand a shark’s terror zone by a fair margin, Sand Sharks presents a kind of shark that is also capable of traveling under the sand as well as underwater. Now if you’re thinking to yourself “But that means this isn’t really a shark movie anymore, doesn’t it?” then you’re missing the point. The point is that this movie should never have been made regardless of what genre it pledges allegiance too. As you might imagine, Sand Sharks has exactly one trick up its sleeve, and it makes every effort to stretch that trick across an hour and a half of “entertainment.” Rather than do the decent thing and just try to mimic Tremors as closely as possible, this film seems to labor under the delusion that every instance of seeing a shark on land is amusing in and of itself. It couldn’t be more wrong.Sand Sharks is awful because its rather basic premise is exhausted within minutes. Attack of the Jurassic Shark (commonly shortened to Jurassic Shark so you don’t have to talk about the film quite so much) one-ups it by showcasing its most clever element right in the title. Yes, that really awful pun that targets two classic Steven Spielberg movies is indeed the best thing that this film has going for it. But we'll humor those that want to know just how bad this movie really is. What you’ll find in Jurassic Shark are all the things that you expect from a bad shark movie (terrible special effects, awful acting, non-existent plot, etc.) but what Jurassic Shark forgets to do is bother to even try to find that fine line that makes bad films so bad that they’re good. This results in a movie that you would almost be able to appreciate as a sort of parody of the production seen in softcore adult films if you weren’t convinced that the filmmakers genuinely believed they were making something better than they actually were. There was a time when this film occupied the #2 slot on the IMDB bottom 100 films of all-time. That’s too great of an honor for this movie.You can’t go into a shark movie expecting good special effects. Even Jaws was infamously plagued by special effects troubles, and that is far and away the best shark film that we’re ever going to get. That being said, Megalodon deserves a special spot in the CGI hall of fame for its stunningly awful use of computer graphics. Though it was released in 2002, you’d be forgiven for believing that Megalodon was made sometime in the early ‘90s when CGI was becoming just popular enough to make appearances in even low-budget films, but not so popular that most everyone was able to pull them off in a somewhat passable manner. They are astoundingly bad. You’ve seen effects this bad in schlock fests before, but what sets Megalodon apart is that relies so heavily on its special effects. There are scenes that are 90% CGI and they are bad enough to make you want to write an apology letter for whatever hatred you harbor over what George Lucas’ did to the Star Wars prequels. This movie is certainly bad, but its CGI makes it almost literally unwatchable.Here’s the thing about making a movie that’s intentionally bad. While there is a certain merit to simply saying “to hell with it” and going for enjoyably bad entertainment, the problem is that it’s not as easy as you may think to make a movie that’s amusingly awful. In a nutshell, this is the problem with Super Shark. Though its generic title may not give it away, this has to be one of the most intentionally absurd shark films ever made. Every scene in this movie tries to top the scene that came before by dialing up the wackiness dial well past its intended range, which perfectly recreates the sensation of watching a stand-up comedian try to get out of bombing on stage by firing off jokes as quickly as possible.The whole thing comes to a head during a sequence where there worst CGI tank you’ve ever seen transforms into the worst CGI mech you’ve ever seen to engage in a fight with the worst CGI shark you’ve ever seen. It’s at this point that you must now determine whether everyone involved with the movie hates the potential audience or if they simply had no clue what they were doing.The term “losing faith in the entirety of humanity” gets tossed around a lot these days when it should ideally be reserved for incidents of great tragedy. We try to make to make sure that the incident in question is at least worse than Jersey Shore Shark Attack before electing to drop that particular phrase. So back in 2012, some horribly misguided producer felt it would be a great idea to capitalize on both the popularity of the MTV reality show The Jersey Shore (despite the fact that nobody cared about the show by this point) and the resurfacing sharksploitation genre. What we get is a film that is far worse than you could ever imagine such a thing being. The movie's characters are direct rip-offs of the Jersey Shore crew, and we're sad to report that not nearly enough of them are killed horribly by sharks to possibly justify treating this movie as even a guilty pleasure. If you’re going to populate your film with intentionally unlikable characters, is it really so much to ask that they all die in entertainingly elaborate ways? Technically speaking, Jaws: The Revenge is not quite as awful as some of the other movies on this list. Its premise isn’t quite as dreadful as Jersey Shore Shark Attack, it’s effects are not nearly as bad as Megalodon and its acting is...well, okay the acting is pretty bad. But still, it’s got more merit than many of the movies on this list. However, it also has the Jaws name, which ends up being its greatest downfall. Unlike many of these other shark movies that were mentioned before, we have the painful suspicion that The Revenge was intended to be a truly dramatic movie, which makes it all the more awful. There really is no way to forgive this movie for its painfully bad premise (a shark that we’re actually supposed to believe is capable of seeking revenge), intolerable characters, and effects so bad that they decide to have the shark randomly blow up at the end just to disguise how bad the model looks. It’s a movie that's efforts are best summarized by actor Michael Caine who said of his role in the film: “I have never seen it, but by all accounts it is terrible. However, I have seen the house that it built, and it is terrific!"---What do you think is the worst shark movie ever? Did we forget your favorite? Let us know in the comments.
Tags:
sharknado,
sharknado 4
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Real-life heroes play themselves in a new trailer for Clint Eastwood's The 15:17 to Paris. Eastwood's 36th feature film as a director was written by Dorothy Blyskal, based on a book by Jeffrey E. Stern, Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler and Alek Skarlatos. Warner Bros. at first hoped to have the film out in time for this year's Oscar race, but it was held back until 2018.15:17 to Paris tells the story of 2015's Thalys train incident, when a lone gunman attacked a train from Amsterdam to Paris. Unarmed Americans Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler and Alek Skarlatos risked their lives along with other passengers to subdue the terrorist. The American trio, along with British man Chris Norman, received the Legion of Honour from the French government in recognition of their bravery. For the movie, Clint Eastwood made the unique decision to cast the real-life heroes as themselves.Related: 15:17 to Paris Gets 2018 Release DateThe Today Show has debuted a new trailer for The 15:17 to Paris. Non-actors and childhood friends Stone, Sadler and Skarlatos play themselves, a trio of fun-loving guys enjoying their European vacation. The good times come to a screeching halt when a man with a machine gun invades the train. See the trailer above.Flashbacks give us a glimpse of the main characters when they were kids learning values together in Sacramento County, CA. Professional actors Judy Greer and Jenna Fischer play worried moms. Tony Hale doesn't make it into the trailer, but he's in the movie too as a gym teacher, which by itself could be worth the price of admission. Skarlatos and Stone go on to serve in the military, with Skarlatos doing a hitch in Afghanistan.This is not a subtle trailer, but it's effective in setting up the basic situation. Like Eastwood's Sully, 15:17 to Paris concerns the heroism of regular people rising up in the face of danger. Eastwood hopes to give the film a dash of authenticity by casting the real-life figures as themselves. This approach has worked in the past, notably in the classic The Best Years of Our Lives, when disabled war veteran Harold Russell won an Oscar playing himself. It's also a good way to keep the budget down (Eastwood as always is a cost-conscious director).With its early-year release, 15:17 to Paris probably won't be an awards contender, a rarity for an Eastwood film. This one looks like a rousing straight-ahead thriller with some heart-warming themes. Unlike American Sniper, this one shouldn't be too politically divisive.MORE: Clint Eastwood Casts Real-Life Heroes In 15:17 To ParisSource: Today
Tags:
15:17 to paris
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Clint Eastwood's latest movie 15:17 to Paris has won an appeal over its original R rating, which the director and producers thought was inappropriate and could possibly limit the audience. Now the true-life drama will be released in theaters with a PG-13 rating instead.Eastwood was first announced as the director of the project in April. The movie is based on a real incident where three Americans subdued an ISIS terrorist on a train from Amsterdam to Paris in 2015, and is sourced from the novel that was written by the men in the aftermath, titled The 15:17 to Paris: The True Story of a Terrorist, a Train, and Three American Heroes.Related: Clint Eastwood’s 15:17 to Paris Trailer Features Real-World HeroesEastwood was reportedly unhappy with the rating that CARA (Classification and Rating Administration) had given to his finished film. It was rated R - supposedly for the actual attack sequence on the train, which marks the center of the plot. The description of the scene qualified it as 'a sequence of violence and bloody images', which earned it the mature certification. However, according to THR Eastwood has successfully appealed against that rating, and 15:17 to Paris will now be distributed as a PG-13 with a milder description of the content. Eastwood represented the film and Warner Bros. in the appeals hearing on Wednesday, with the goal to secure that new rating and get the broadest audience possible.It's not the first time that appeals like this have taken place. In 2010 The King's Speech was given an R rating for profanity, due to the sheer amount of f-bombs that Colin Firth utters in a key moment. That was appealed but the rating stood, meaning that an alternative edited PG-13 version was released. In this case it doesn't seem that Eastwood had to make any concessions, and the appeal stood on its own merit. For their part, the Classification and Rating Appeals Board said they review over 800 movies every year, and it usually sees fewer than 12 ratings appealed.It's worth noting that 15:17 to Paris is unusual for the fact that the heroes involved in the story are being played by themselves rather than actors, so will have accurate knowledge of the events. Now that this story of real-life heroes will be available to a wider audience, it will be interesting to see how it fares at the box office next year. We'll bring you any further updates on 15:17 to Paris as we get them.More: Clint Eastwood’s 15:17 to Paris Sets Early 2018 Release DateSource: THR
Tags:
15:17 to paris
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Mediums have been around for centuries, claiming to have a direct line of communication to the dead. Many famous clairvoyants have used the media to gain fame, money, or notoriety with their abilities. Today, the most famous of these is Theresa Caputo, of Long Island Medium.Long Island Medium is currently in its 10th season, which started in November 2017. The show’s format is simple: Theresa performs private and group readings that sometimes includes both believers and skeptics. Her family – husband Larry and two kids – is also involved in the show. It’s clear they’ve learned to live with Theresa’s divining, frequently joking with her about it or dealing with the emotional breakdowns after a clairvoyant session.Besides her reality show, Theresa does live shows called Theresa Caputo Live! Experience each year and has written three books. If you believe Theresa can speak with the deceased or not, this list of dark secrets may make you question the legitimacy of her paranormal skills, which she states she’s had since she was younger. Or after reading this list, you may feel Long Island Medium is just another modern reality show: ridiculous and overly-dramatic.Here are 16 Dark Secrets You Never Knew About Long Island Medium.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewMany techniques used by mediums and mentalists have been around for centuries. Theresa Caputo clearly uses two methods of gathering information called “cold reading” and “shotgunning.” They rely on the ability to read a person’s body language, clothing, ethnicity, speech patterns, and more.Cold reading (usually done on the show) is a popular method. It’s possible to get a good amount of information fast that way. As questions are asked, the medium continues or stops a line of probing based on the answers. The trick is to ask very general questions about family, career, or something similar until the conversation path heads toward the subject’s deceased.Shotgunning (usually done in Caputo’s live show) is a part of cold reading, but on a quicker level, usually to a bigger crowd. The medium will speak in vague statements, one after the other, until someone in the audience confirms what was said.When Caputo does her live show with large audiences, she has been reported as talking to the wrong person on many occasions. Some people have also mentioned the medium misses the mark more often in the lives shows than on her TV show.Audience members have witnessed Caputo fishing for information, and sticking with one person even when that person has not confirmed or agreed with what Caputo’s “spirit” told her. Sometimes the subject says it’s completely wrong! But that doesn’t stop Caputo: she will misdirect by making a comparison, no matter how small, to tie it in with a detail the subject had revealed.One attendee left a complaint on the Ticketmaster website, writing, “She seemed off and almost every reading was like pulling teeth to match up info.”Information mining is another popular technique mediums use that Theresa has been accused of, especially for participants in the television show. It’s even easier these days with social media and the amount of information provided to attend the TV and stage show. It’s not uncommon for reality shows like Long Island Medium to require waivers, providing all sorts of personal information and giving the advantage to Theresa.Participants have reported that the film crew will do a detailed interview – especially about the deceased - before Teresa will speak with them on stage. The crew asserts this information is not given to Caputo, but it’s highly suspicious. Plus, many of the people she picks from the crowd are in the front rows, which has been purported by an Inside Edition sting operation is easier for Caputo’s staff to “cue her to the right spots.”A few high-profile celebrities interviewed or wanted to interview Theresa because of their doubts in her abilities. Andy Cohen, a Bravo channel personality, had the medium on his show to channel his late friend Natasha Richardson. He stated Caputo’s remarks “were offensively incorrect.”Anderson Cooper did a one-on-one interview with Caputo and still thought something was dubious about her paranormal skills. He said, “There’s a lot you can say to a room of 300 people… People so want to believe in things… But I want to see actual proof.”Theresa was all set to go on The Howard Stern Show to do an audience reading until one of her demands was to spend an hour alone with the audience before the show. Stern and the show’s producers said no, so Theresa canceled the appearance.If you’ve seen Theresa Caputo in action, the format of how she channels the dead never varies. It's noticeable if you watch closely. Odds alone should dictate that each person she reads for and their deceased loved ones are unique, and she would need to vary up her technique accordingly. She calls departed the general name, “spirit,” especially in the beginning, until she knows who she’s talking to. Sometimes it seems she struggling to pull the right information from the client.Caputo uses the simple “open, middle, close” method. Each includes procedures that are the same for everyone, regardless of the varying circumstances of each person. Although many close to Caputo call her a “talented actress,” it's clear she has an inability to improvise based on client differences.On the bio page of her website, Theresa states she uses a “vocabulary of signs and symbols that they [the Spirit] show me during a reading.” Then she translates the images into a workable language related to the client or person she’s reading for, often from prompts of Caputo’s cold reading or rapid-fire questions to get a hit.Skeptics say it’s odd that the Spirit is unclear in the beginning, but suddenly switches it up to speak distinct statements in perfect English. Weird codes turn into emotional statements like “I miss you” or “I love you" or a great memory. Caputo says that’s how the information is sent to her by the Spirit, so that’s how she has to relay it or twist it into a question or statement to obtain more data from the client to present to the Spirit.There’s very little personal information available about Theresa Caputo, either online or in real life. Her rise to stardom came from nowhere, hopping from a virtual nobody to a popular reality star. You'll find some vague information in her semi-biography, There’s More to Life Than This. However, she mainly talks about her mediumship, client readings, and vague clairvoyance.Although the book details her beginnings with talking with the dead – at the age of four! – and not coming to terms and accepting her gift until her thirties, friends have stated that she never really talked about being a medium or wanting to speak to the dead before the show. Of course, this could have been because she was coming to grips with her talents. Maybe she had a hard time expressing it due to the stigma of mediumism.Nowadays, reality television shows rarely fool us anymore. Scenes are contrived, drama is manufactured, and quite a few shows are nearly completely scripted. Some shows don’t hide those facts, but some need the appearance of reality, so stars and producers will attempt to obscure the tiniest detail. But what’s the difference if those details are secret if the show is entertaining?For Long Island Medium, it involves the house. According to a source who’s known the family since kindergarten, the house is not in a cul-de-sac like it is in the show, and many of the minor plots are created. Someone who interned for the production company that makes the show confirmed that “a lot of the secondary stuff is fake[s],” but believed that Theresa was a genuine person.With such a powerful ability, Theresa should receive information not known to the person the reading is for, like confessions of the deceased to ease their souls or to boast about doing something illegal without getting caught. However, that’s the not the case in any of the performances or episodes.It’s possible it’s easier on Caputo’s frame of mind to only share memories the subject and deceased shared in real life. Paranormal mythbuster Ron Tebo believes the “spirit guides” that Caputo uses are her physical staff. He thinks they run background checks and do initial interviews, and “eavesdrop on audience members before sessions.”In one home, Caputo knew the client's son liked to watch SpongeBob SquarePants. This shocked the client, but afterward, she realized the film crew had established themselves in her son’s room which had a big stuffed Spongebob on the bed.If you’ve wondered if Caputo’s talents lie in innate skill or pure luck, look no further than her live readings. Members of the audiences have come out to say that parts of the show are filmed multiple times until she rightly guesses how someone’s loved one has died. The audience members say that they are filmed over and over until she gets it right.While that works for sitcoms, movies, and scripted shows, it is odd for a live show. With the unique talents she has, this shouldn't happen. Because of the re-filming, people who’ve gone to the show have left frustrated, with their skepticism confirmed. For the TV, it’s suspicious if the readings are done that way. You’ll never know since TLC or Caputo wouldn’t want that footage released.Starting in 2014, Theresa Caputo started being investigated for fraud, but not in an official capacity. The instigator of the fraud claim, Ron Tebo, is a private investigator and runs www.scififake.com, a fraud complaint website.Many of her previous clients have been unhappy with their paranormal readings. They state that the medium doesn’t really have any kind of gift that allows her to speak with the dead. In fact, they claim that Caputo has plenty of people around her helping pull of a “scam.”Accusations range from having clients investigated before Caputo meets them to continuously asking vague questions until the client eventually tells the medium everything anyway. Ever since Long Island Medium began, more people have come out to say that “Caputo is a fraud and causing more harm than good to those who are grieving or in some form of pain.”The James Randi Educational Foundation also has The One Million Dollar Paranormal Challenge. The money prize goes to anyone who could prove their paranormal skills in a mutually agreed-on, controlled environment. At first, in 1964, Randi began offering $1,000, but over the year, the prize has been $1 million in bonds. Over 1,000 people have applied for the test, and none have proven their abilities.Caputo has never applied, but Randi has consistently asked her to take the challenge. Caputo has declined the offer each time. In 2016, she also refused to take Criss Angel’s (Angel has a known disgust with mediums) $1 million challenge, responding with, “I respect and understand skeptics, and always have, but I am also not here to prove anything to anyone."When doing readings for people, Caputo’s main goal is to make people feel better, which is how she defends herself against much of the criticism she faces. If you watch any of the Long Island Medium’s TV episodes or check out videos of her live performances, you’ll find many touching and encouraging scenes where the deceased say positive things.The reason is Caputo says that she “only asks her Spirit Guides to share good things.” However, she has shared a rare negative statement or experience because she felt by doing so it would lead to a helpful and constructive breakthrough for the client or subject. But many people have issues with that, since by the sheer amount of people she encounters, the minimal amount of harsh or negative sentiments don’t add up.Many have accused Theresa of being money hungry and having a bad attitude to those around her. Those who are close to Caputo have stated that she has a serious attitude issue. Reports say that she's extremely rude and bad-mannered to the film crew, her aides, and anyone she deals with when traveling. Those who  travel with her have said that she doesn’t respond to fans when out in public. Unless the Long Island Medium film crew is following her, of course.The medium reportedly demands that she stays in the best of hotels – usually 5-star locations – no matter where she is. Plus, when she prepares for a reading, performance, live show, or an interview, her non-negotiable list of demands include flying first class and specific food requirements.James Randi is a stage magician and a well-known scientific skeptic in the paranormal investigative industry. He founded the James Randi Educational Foundation. They create grants for the continuing education of the public and media on paranormal claims that can’t be proven. And the Foundation encourages research of those claims in controlled environments.The Foundation also hands out Pegasus Awards in 5 different categories, one of which is “Performer” of the year. The award highlights paranormal or psychic “fakers” deemed harmful to the public or society. In 2011, Theresa Caputo earned this award for her reality show Long Island Medium. According to the Randi YouTube nomination video, it was for “engaging in utter nonsense,"  For many years, Randi and the Foundation have been openly critical and highly skeptical of her claims she can contact the dead.On the show, Theresa Caputo’s family goes with Theresa’s flow: from her loud and outgoing antics to her clairvoyance. She has one son and one daughter – Larry, Jr. and Victoria, respectively. Theresa announced on December 3, 2017 that she and her husband were separating. At the end of season 9, their therapist helped them make this decision. The family has put up with a lot both before and during Long Island Medium airings.But the smallest claim can cause family members to wonder how crazy a person is. With Theresa, she believed her grandmother could have become friends with musicians after she passed. Only because a “crazy rap song” played on her cell phone. She said, “Maybe she’s hanging with Tupac in heaven.” What do you think of the Long Island Medium? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Comic books have come a long way since they were first introduced. Back in the early days, especially when superhero stories began dominating the medium during World War II, most non-white and non-American characters were portrayed as horrendous compounds of various stereotypes. Over the years, that slowly changed, with big publishers like Marvel and DC introducing complex and humanistic superheroes of color. Even still, members of the LGBTQ community have faced a longer road to seeing their stories told accurately on the page.Things slowly began changing as old norms were cast aside, allowing both publishers to introduce gay characters and better represent the full spectrum of sexuality and gender. While TV has slowly followed suit, most prominently by telling one of the medium’s greatest coming out stories on Supergirl, the movies are even further behind. But with so many great queer characters waiting in the wings, we have a number of suggestions to help change that. Here are 17 LGBTQ Characters From Marvel And DC Comics Who Need To Be In The Movies.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewWhile our list is full of plenty of characters we’d love to see brought to life on film, it also features a fair few that are already in the movies but haven’t yet been shown to be part of the LGBTQ community. At this point, it seems close to a sure thing that Catwoman and Poison Ivy will be joining Harley Quinn in the DCEU as part of Gotham City Sirens. Based on the comic of the same name, the story focuses on the three supervillains who often act more as antiheroes. Aside from highlighting a trio of morally ambiguous vigilantes, the comic pulls together three of DC’s highest-profile bisexual women.Over the years, Selina Kyle, Harleen Quinzel, and Pamela Isley have all been shown to have fairly fluid sexualities. Even more interestingly, Ivy and Harley’s close friendship has often been shown to run much deeper. Ivy has outright confessed her feelings for Harley on the page and they've been shown to have more than a platonic relationship. While the Harley of Suicide Squad was shown to only have eyes for the Joker, we hope that Gotham City Sirens will properly reflect all three women’s bisexuality.Angela is one of Marvel’s newer characters, but she’s already made quite an impression. After spending a good deal of time with the Guardians of the Galaxy and bonding with Gamora over their shared bloodlust, Angela was revealed to be the long-lost sister of Thor and a denizen of the forgotten Tenth Realm of Heven. When she was kidnapped as an infant and believed dead, Odin cut Heven and the Angels off and erased their name from history. With her training as an assassin by the Angels, she’s one of the most powerful Asgardians there is. She’s also deeply involved with the Loki-like Sera. Frequently breaking the fourth-wall and possessing knowledge she shouldn't have, Sera’s bubbly personality and obsession with pop culture make her the polar opposite of the stern and reserved Angela. Still, their love is one for the ages. From fighting witchbreed in 1602 to conquering Hel, writer Marguerite Bennett has shown that Angela and Sera’s love can conquer death itself. As a bridge between the Guardians and Asgard, we’d love to see Angela appear in one of Marvel’s cosmic films. And if Sera isn’t by her side, it’ll be quite the shame.Though it’d be great to see Midnighter and Apollo pop up in a DCEU movie, they should really headline their own. Created by Warren Ellis for the WildStorm imprint in 1998, the two characters are essentially pastiches of Batman and Superman. The only difference is that instead of being just friends, they’re in a relationship. Appearing in the comic Stormwatch and heading up the group the Authority, Apollo is a solar-power nigh-god with all the same powers as Superman. Midnighter, meanwhile, takes Batman’s near-superhuman feats and makes them a reality. Having been physically enhanced early in his career, Midnighter has superhuman speed, healing, and strength. He’s also able to predict the outcome of battles, one-upping Batman’s eye for strategy. He even takes the subtext of Batman and makes it text by openly relishing violence and the opportunity to fight. While their similarities to the World’s Finest might make them a tough sell, their personalities and sexuality make them a fascinating set of characters to explore and something the DCEU desperately needs.Moondragon is one of those characters that seems just on the verge of appearing in the MCU. When we recently learned that James Gunn had cut someone major from Guardians 2, she was one of the first characters who sprang to mind. Similarly, when Millie Bobby Brown showed up on the set of Infinity War, we couldn’t help but speculate she could be playing the cosmically awesome Moondragon herself. In the comics, Moondragon is the daughter of Arthur Douglas, the man who would become Drax the Destroyer. While his origin in the movies is different, the MCU's Drax still had a daughter. Rather than being killed, she could still be alive, trained by either Thanos or his father (like in the comics) to possess psychic and martial arts skills. Regardless of who plays her, Moondragon's bisexuality is a must for representation, especially if she’s paired up with fellow Guardian Phyla-Vell.It’s unclear whether Young Avengers will be adapted to TV or film, but it’s coming one way or another. When it does, the team will almost certainly feature Wiccan and Hulkling. Despite the name, Hulkling isn’t actually gamma-powered. Known as Teddy Altman, Hulkling is actually a rare Kree/Skrull hybrid. As such, he possesses immense powers, including shape-shifting. He’s also currently the King of Space, so that’s cool.His longtime boyfriend, Billy Kaplan, is just as complicated. Going by the name Wiccan, Kaplan is one of the most powerful reality-warpers in Marvel Comics. It’s even suggested that he and his brother Speed are reincarnated versions of Scarlet Witch and Vision’s deceased children. As such, they’re just two of the superhero kids we want to see in the movies, even if their origins have to be tweaked a bit. Throughout Young Avengers and the recent New Avengers, Billy and Teddy’s relationship has been a joy to see grow and unfold, and it's veyr possible they'll appear in the MCU in one way or another soon.Like the MCU, Fox owns the rights to a number of fascinating LGBTQ characters just waiting for their chance to jump from the pages of Marvel Comics to the big screen. Chief among them is Daken, the son of Wolverine. Introduced in 2007’s Wolverine Origin #10, Daken was born way back in 1946 to Wolverine and his wife Itsu. Sadly, Wolverine doesn’t know of his existence for a long time, as his wife was killed while pregnant. Daken’s healing factor kept him alive, however, and he later inherited his father’s super-senses and bone claws (with two on top and one coming from the wrist).Over the years, he’s been an antihero, drug addict, and crime lord, all while proudly being fluid with his sexuality. With X-23 finally joining the X-Men universe in Logan, it would be fantastic to see a new generation of Wolverines take shape on screen, with Daken being chief among them. As a former Dark Avenger, Daken has even spent time in his father’s costume. While the story would have to be tweaked, it’d make for a great movie to see Logan’s legacy corrupted by his sociopathic son. For now, Dr. Victoria October is still a relatively minor character in DC Comics, but that’s part of her appeal. As the DCEU continues to grow, there’s still only so many superheroes and villains that can appear. The world still needs to be populated by interesting and complex supporting characters, however, and October is a perfect addition to Batman’s world. Created as part of DC’s Rebirth and appearing in Detective Comics #948, October is, in her words, the “foremost expert in post-human weaponry on the planet.” She also happens to be transgender. The wonderful thing about her introduction is that her gender identity flies so far under the radar, that only those more aware of trans people would notice. While having vocal trans characters in the spotlight is important, it’s equally meaningful to introduce a character whose trans identity is just as incidental as that of Batman being, well, a man. Unlike with characters like Midnighter and Apollo, it would be quite easy for a future DCEU movie to introduce Dr. October as an ally to Batman, and him as an ally to her.Along with Wiccan and Hulking, Miss America is another guaranteed member of the Young Avengers team that should be eventually brought to life in the MCU. As America Chavez, Miss America really stretches for her superhero name. She also helped to make Young Avengers the most queer-centric superhero team (and comic book) in existence. Though she has nothing to do with the lineage of Captain America, her star-spangled attire might make you think otherwise.Instead, she comes from a future alternate reality ruled by the monstrous magical entity the Demiurge (who Wiccan is destined to become). Gaining superhuman strength and the ability to literally smash through the walls of reality, America jumped to our world in 2011 and began fighting with the Young Avengers. As a queer Latina raised by two mothers, Chavez represents the face of a more modern America and would offer a whole new demographic of moviegoers the chance to see themselves kicking ass on screen.The X-Men movie continuity is all sorts of confusing, but that might actually work in Iceman’s favor. As one of the original members of the team from the 2000 movie, Iceman has been played in his modern form by Shawn Ashmore. The wonky timeline, however, means a younger version could be introduced in the upcoming X-Men: Supernova. By doing so, Fox’s movies could mirror the comics where younger versions of the original five X-Men were brought to the present. Writer Brian Michael Bendis has been able to explore the contrasting personalities of the heroes while engaging in complex philosophical discussions about fate and upbringing thanks to this conceit. More importantly, the younger Iceman was able to come to a realization years in the making: he’s gay. While this coming out has proved challenging for the young mutant, it’s been even stranger for the older Iceman to accept. After all, coming out later in life is hard enough; imagine essentially being outed by a version of yourself from the past.With mutants being ciphers for all manner of discrimination, an X-Men movie would be the perfect place to explore a character’s sexual identity, and Iceman is the perfect X-Men to follow on that journey.When it comes to Wonder Woman and her mother Hippolyta, their sexuality hasn’t always been stated outright, but it makes sense. Hippolyta herself has been shown to be bisexual, something Greg Rucka made specific about her daughter in 2016 when he claimed Diana was, in fact, gay. Despite never having seen her in a relationship with a woman, it’s hard to argue with the reasoning. The Amazons have spent thousands of years living alone on an island only populated by other beautiful warrior women. They’re shown to actively disdain men, and their past is full of attacks, raids, and rape courtesy of mortal men and fellow gods.While none of this guarantees any sexual orientation, it’s more that a culture solely focused on women and populated by them would still be a culture of humans (or goddesses) who desire intimacy, love, and sex. And as descendants of the ancient Greeks, it makes all the more sense that the denizens of Themyscira would be fluid in their sexuality. When the announcement was made, Gal Gadot voiced her support of the choice and the reasoning, so many are hoping to see this displayed on screen later this year.Like Moondragon, Tong is another character we’d love to see Millie Bobby Brown play. Though a deep cut, she was one of the key characters in the run of FF by Matt Fraction and Michael and Laura Allred. The comic is an absurd romp with surrealistic visuals that explores the Future Foundation in the absence of the Fantastic Four. Instead, it focuses on Ant-Man, She-Hulk, Medusa, and a bunch of super-genius kids and their wacky adventures. Among them, are a group of Moloids abandoned underground. One of the Moloids, Tong, soon begins questioning her identity as a male and explicitly states she is a girl inside. She is embraced by her friends and begins wearing dresses. Though her sexuality is never discussed, she marks perhaps the most outright example of a gender-questioning trans character in mainstream comics. It may be hard to work her backstory into the MCU, but we sure hope they find a way to make it work.Unlike characters who have later been revealed to be LGBTQ, Mystique was meant to be gay from the start. In fact, writer Chris Claremont originally meant Mystique’s gender and sexuality to be just as fluid as her shapeshifting abilities would imply. In his original vision, Claremont wanted Mystique and her lover Destiny to be Nightcrawler’s parents. His plan was to have Mystique morph into a man and impregnate Destiny. Marvel, however, shot down the idea, aided by the fact that the notoriously restrictive Comics Code Authority banned explicitly gay characters from appearing.Despite what would have been one of the most groundbreaking moments of the ‘70s, Mystique was still made the parent of Nightcrawler, but as his mother instead of father. She’s also been shown to be openly bisexual over the years, as the CCA was luckily abandoned with time. This trait has yet to be revealed in any of the character's numerous on-screen appearances, but there’s still hope if Jennifer Lawrence returns to the franchise. In fact, there’s nothing stopping Claremont’s original vision from turning out to be true, if Fox will allow it.Renee Montoya started out her existence on Batman: The Animated Series before transitioning over to the comics as one of the GCPD’s most popular detectives. Often partnered with Harvey Bullock and assisting Batman on a number of cases, Montoya spent most of her career fighting corruption. Sadly, she became the object of Two-Face’s affection, who outed her in an effort to destroy her life and force her into his arms. Putting that bizarre logic aside, the plan fails, but the corruption at the heart of the GCPD eventually drives Montoya to resign.She later takes up the mantle of the Question, after being trained by Vic Sage, the original man in the faceless mask. As the basis for Rorschach from Watchmen, Question gives Batman a run for his money as the World’s Greatest Detective. Though a version of Montoya appeared on the first season of Gotham, she’s yet to return. Still, both the detective and the Question would make a perfect ally and counterpart for The Batman in one of his upcoming theatrical adventures.Whether Montoya appears in a Batman movie or not, we sure hope she eventually gets paired up with Batwoman. Beginning in 2006, DC introduced the world to Kate Kane, a queer woman and the newest Batwoman. While attending military college, Kane is forced to either admit she’s gay or quit, and chooses the path of honesty and a civilian life. She soon meets police officer Renee Montoya, and the two begin a relationship. Another fateful encounter sees her take down a criminal just before Batman arrives on the scene. Mirroring the original Batgirl’s origin, Kane becomes obsessed with the idea of the costumed vigilante and puts her military training to use by becoming Batwoman.Over the years, she’s become one of the most high-profile LGBTQ superheroes and her fascinating story would make for a great movie all on its own. Adding in supporting characters like Montoya, perhaps fighting the Gotham City Sirens, DC could create an action-packed, queer superhero blockbuster with plenty of name recognition and star power. Barring that amazing dream, we’d love to see Kane pop up in a solo Batman movie and join forces with the Dark Knight.Tom Hiddleston has been amazing as Loki in the MCU. There’s a reason why the character is continually brought back to face Thor and the Avengers, after all. But on the page, he’s even more nuanced than he’s ever been allowed to be on the screen. Often mistakenly said to be the God of Lies, Loki is really the God of Stories. As such, his adventures have seen him switch between just about every alignment, all while hopping through time, dimensions, and different genders.Loki’s been just about every age, existed in multiple forms at the same time, and even killed versions of himself. He’s been a Young Avenger and an Agent of Asgard, and is even responsible for Odin adopting his younger self. He’s a swirl of contradictions and complexities, and Marvel would be wise to give Hiddleston a solo movie where Loki’s full range of personalities, preferences, proclivities, and powers could be fully explored.Marvel introduced the first mainstream gay character to comics in 1979 with the debut of the mutant Northstar. Of course, he wasn’t allowed to truly be gay until 1992. It may seem hard to imagine now, but the reality of Northstar’s sexuality (and even a plan for him to have AIDS) were continually shot down throughout the ‘80s. Like Mystique, Northstar was created by Chris Claremont. His powers include superhuman speed and strength, light manipulation, and flight, and he’s yet another mutant Fox could use to explore sexuality.In 2012, he made history again when he married his longtime partner in (and on the cover of) Astonishing X-Men #51. Historically, he’s also been a key member of Alpha Flight, which Simon Kinberg recently stated was owned by Fox and being eyed for a film adaptation. We can’t imagine Northstar not being included in the group, and it’d be wonderful to see his wedding reproduced in the closing moments of the film.Deadpool’s sexuality has been making a lot of waves lately. Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds has talked openly about how he views the character's sexuality and expressed his desire for Wade to have a boyfriend. While his seemingly committed relationship in the movies with Vanessa might seem to make this a problem, it also provides an opportunity. Being in a relationship with a woman, doesn’t negate Wade's sexual fluidity, and he could easily be shown to be attracted to men or to have been previously in a relationship with one.In the comics, Deadpool’s sexuality was never outright stated. While he’s been in relationships with several women (and even had a daughter with one), fans have often wondered about his full range of preferences given his comments and attitudes. As one of Marvel’s most open-minded (or perhaps mindless) characters, it’s certainly no stretch to view Deadpool as pansexual (in the words of writer Gerry Duggan), something co-creator Fabian Nicieza essentially confirmed when he said Wade was all sex and no sex at the same time.The sex montage from the first movie proved that Vanessa has no problem upending norms, so we could even see her and Wade in an open or polyamorous relationship. Regardless of how Fox feels about the move, Reynolds essentially willed Deadpool into existence, so if he really wants Wade to have a boyfriend, he’ll likely get one.---Which LGBTQ characters from Marvel and DC do you want to see in the movies? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Battlestar Galactica developer Ron Moore has managed to entice two more stars of the hit SyFy show to join his upcoming NBC pilot 17th Precinct. James Callis (Dr. Gaius Baltar) and Tricia Helfer (Number Six) will reunite with not only Moore on the fantasy-themed police procedural, but also Jamie Bamber (Apollo), who signed on a few weeks ago.For an actor who has played Merlin, Callis should feel right at home as a homicide detective in a world where technology takes a backseat to magic and mysticism. Meanwhile, Helfer will portray the necromancer Morgana, a 17th Precinct version of a coroner who also has some expertise in casting spells and potion making.The show isn’t all BSG alums, however, as veteran actress Stockard Channing was cast just prior to Bamber, while Matt Long (The Deep End) and Eamonn Walker (The Whole Truth) also recently signed up.Morgana’s use of spells and potions is the first we’ve heard about a precinct member’s mystical abilities. Though, a firm explanation of how the mystic elements will be tied into the show’s more grounded, law enforcement aspects still remains elusive. Will each character wield a different ability to aid him or her in their respective area of expertise, or is magic simply an element anyone can utilize – some better than others?Hopefully, as those details get fleshed out, we'll get a more comprehensive overview of the show, and the description ‘Harry Potter for adults’ will be deemed less fitting. While Moore and company have been comparing themselves to such a lucrative franchise, 17th Precinct will probably have as much in common with the boy wizard as Moore’s Battlestar Galactica did the original. Remember, Moore is the guy who took a series about people running away from killer robots in spaceships and crafted a potent drama infused with elements of philosophy, theology, and political intrigue. I really don’t expect anything less from 17th Precinct.In the end, you’ve really got to hand it to Ron Moore; he finds a group of people he likes working with (and who obviously enjoy working with him), and he sticks with them. The question now becomes, how many other BSG members will populate the town of Excelsior?-As the cast grows, so does the chance 17th Precinct will be picked up for series.Source: TV Line
Tags:
17th precinct
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Television audiences were first introduced to the Duggars through a handful of hour long specials, which offered a glimpse into the daily life of the abundant Arkansas household. In 2008, TLC premiered 17 Kids and Counting, presenting viewers with a weekly 30 minute dose of the Duggars and their devout christian lifestyle. During the show's early seasons Michelle Duggar, the fertile mother of the pack, had two more kids. The addition to the family ended up changing the show's title to 18 Kids and Counting and ultimately, 19 Kids and Counting.While the show was a success during its almost seven year run, it was not free from controversy and scandals. The majority of the issues stemmed from their strong Baptist beliefs. Their anti-LGBT stance was not kept secret and certain facets of their life were considered somewhat archaic, such as their strict dress code and their practice of chaperoned dating. One particularly heinous scandal ended the show in 2015 - the revelation of Josh Duggar's depraved actions.Reality television in general gets some rightly deserved flack for not actually being real. However, the Duggars are indeed a real family and their life still continued after the show went off the air.Here are the 15 Things That Happened To The Duggars After 19 Kids And Counting.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAshley Madison is an infamous dating website that mainly caters to those who are married or are in some type of monogamous relationship. Perhaps it wouldn't be right to pass judgement on anybody who uses the website, but it is safe to say that it is contradictory to the core values that the Duggars live by.However, this didn't stop Josh Duggar from spending over $900 on the website over the course of three years. The eldest son's secret was brought to light in August 2015 when the personal information of many of the site's users was leaked to the public.The indiscretion was seen as particularly hypocritical because of his stance against "non-traditional" marriage. This revelation would have cost him his career had his prior scandal not already done so.Racism has plagued the human race since time immemorial. It's an endlessly complicated issue that effects everybody in one way or another. Despite there being no end in sight to the strife, that did not stop a certain member of reality television royalty from trying to get at the heart of the problem.In a YouTube video from August 2015 titled "How should Christians respond to racism in America", Ben Seewald, the fifth daughter's husband, points to one possible cause of racism --  teaching evolution in schools. In the clip, the son-in-law says of racial issues "That all comes from the devil...evolution...teaching that, like, some people are more evolved.'"This statement understandably rubbed people the wrong way. Unfortunately, this is not the only time that Seewald placed himself in the limelight.In more recent months, Ben Seewald has set his cross hairs on an unexpected group, the Catholic Church. An Instagram post from April 2017 sees Seewald plugging a book titled The Roman Catholic Controversy by James R. White.In the post, Jessa Duggar's husband states "This (the book) is essential because many have no idea what the real issues actually are between Catholics and Protestants." Anybody with some knowledge on history could explain the story between the two sects of Christianity and how there really is no current rivalry between the groups.Additionally, the Duggars have a huge fan base that consists of many religions, including Catholics. Even if the rest of the family sympathizes with Seewald's feelings, they and their bottom line would hate to lose fans and followers due to offensive remarks from one of their kin.By October 2015, the many controversies surrounding Josh Duggar were still fresh in the public's mind and a timely Halloween costume of the disgraced son seemed like an obvious choice for people who didn't think twice.However, in an unexpected move by internet media outlets, many articles were published around this time advising against the potential tastelessness of dressing up as Josh. Some websites outright demanded not even considering him for a costume, while other sites reminded people to keep the focus of the mockery towards Josh and not toward any of his victims or his religious beliefs.A dark secret aired out in public is difficult for any family to get through. Having those same secrets used for a costume idea only reopens any old wounds that may have started healing.A Duggar must follow certain rules, such as a strict dress code. Girls in particular are forbidden from wearing shorts or tank tops and skirts must go down below the knee. Despite this two of the Duggar daughters, Jill and Jinger, have been seen sporting pants recently.Both women are married, so it has been speculated that they have been permitted to wear pants by their husbands. However, it would be nice to think that they made the decision of their own volition.At the time of this article's publication, neither Jim Bob (the father) or Michelle have spoken about their two children's new wardrobe choices. It's difficult to gauge their thoughts on the matter, as they may be completely fine with it because the daughters are both married. Perhaps they'll eventually speak out about the violation of the dress code.While TLC made the decision to end 19 Kids and Counting following Josh's ignominy, the Duggar's relationship with television was far from finished. In December 2015 The Learning Channel premiered Jill and Jessa: Counting On, feeding fans' desires to see more of the famous family.Early episodes mainly featured the fourth and fifth child, whose names were featured in the title. However, the later seasons broadened the focus to the other Duggar children and the shows title was eventually shortened to Counting On.Absent entirely from the show, for obvious reasons, is Josh Duggar. However, his wife and kids have made some appearances. Currently there is no end in sight to the spinoff, as season seven has already been confirmed.One criticism the Duggars have faced is their enforcement of old fashioned gender roles, which makes one of Jinger's more recent hobbies all the more surprising. In a 2016 episode of Counting On she attended a car auction with some of her siblings, which eventually sparked her own interest in the practice of buying used cars and fixing them up to be sold at higher value.Jinger also does some photography, a valuable skill when it is time to put the cars up for sale. Those familiar with the family's lifestyle would not expect one of the daughters to pick up such a seemingly masculine hobby.It just goes to show that, despite what may appear on the surface, all of the Duggar children have their own unique traits that make them stand out from each other.TLC was not lying to audiences when they included the word "counting" into the titles of the original hit series and its spin-off. Jim Bob and Michelle most likely will not have any additional offspring. However, as more of their own kids reach adulthood, they have started having little tykes of their own.By the time 19 Kids and Counting finished its run, there were already four grandchildren from Josh and Jill Duggar's marriages. In the time before Counting On, another two kids had already been born. Currently there are a total of nine grandchildren, with 3 more on the way in 2018.Children are known to inherit certain characteristics from their parents, whether it be physical traits or something more hidden. It is becoming increasingly evident that Michelle's daughters have inherited their mother's impressive fertility.Recently, many members of the Duggar clan went on a trip to Australia to meet fans and discuss aspects of their unique faith-centered lifestyle. However, the internet was not so much concerned with the reasons for their visit down under, so much as their curious attire at the airport.On the family's official Facebook page, pictures of their arrival to the famously sweltering continent were posted showing some of the younger children wearing winter coats. Many commenters pointed out how ridiculous they looked in the jackets and offered their sympathies towards the young Duggars.Hopefully, the children were permitted to remove their jackets once they started sweating bullets. Perhaps Jim Bob and Michelle should put some extra focus on climate and geography in their homeschooling curriculum.One of life's most significant milestones is seeing children get married and starting families of their own. Most parents will only get to experience this joyful satisfaction a few times in their life, unless of course said parents are Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar. The mother and father will go through this a total of nineteen times, should all the children get hitched.Before the start of Counting On, Jess, Jill, and Joshua had all already gotten married. So far, the weddings of Jinger, Joy-Anna, and Joseph have been important events that were well documented for the spin-off series.Will Jim Bob and Michelle still be proud and excited when it's time for little Josie Brooklyn to tie the knot? Milestones are milestones because they so rarely occur, so perhaps it will have grown a little stale for them by that time.If Ben Seewald is reading this article, he can breathe a sigh of relief because this entry turns an eye to a different son-in-law's scandal. Derrick Dillard is Jill's husband and won't be seen on any Duggar related television for quite a long time, if ever again.In November 2017, Derrick jumped into some hot water for transphobic remarks he made on Twitter against fellow TLC reality television star Jazz Jennings. The husband of Jill Duggar repeatedly misgendered the transgender teen as "he" and "him" in the tweets and claims that people were "taking advantage of him (her) in order to promote their agenda."As a result of this, Derrick was fired from Counting On, but in a later tweet he claims to have quit the show. Regardless, these comments did not sit too well with the more open-minded Duggar fans.Different interpretations of the Bible have differing rules regarding tattoos. Some churches are fine with a little ink, while others strictly forbid it. Until recently, most fans would have figured the famous Baptist family to air on the more conservative side of the tattoo issue.Cousin Amy Duggar and her husband both have matching tattoos and Jinger's husband Jeremy has a bible quote on his bicep. It has even been speculated that patriarch Jim Bob has a tattoo on one of his fingers, after fans noticed a dark spot on his hand where his wedding ring would be. It doesn't appear to be a shadow, but Jim Bob has neither confirmed nor denied that it is indeed some ink.Perhaps tattoos are sacrilege or maybe they are symbol of a permanent commitment to your faith. Either way, it's entertaining to think of the seemingly square family sporting them.Everyone falls in love at some point in their life, but it's only the lucky ones who get to hold on to it forever. For Josiah Duggar, his chances of losing or maintaining love are at a crossroads.In 2015, Josiah was dating Marjorie Jackson, but the courtship only lasted four months. More recently, the eighth child has been going out with Lauren Swanson. Of course, "going out" means dating under the supervision of one of his parents, who also monitor all text and phone communication.It's impossible to tell what the future holds for Josiah in the marriage department, but he is 21 years old, a fairly ripe age for marriage by Duggar family standards. However, not all Duggars get married so young.Jana Marie is tied with John-David for being the second oldest of the Duggar children. At 28 years old, neither of them are married, but it seems like Jim Bob is pushing a little harder for Jana Marie to fall in love, if recent comments during a speech are to be believed.While on a trip to Australia, Jim Bob made a quip about Jana Marie's single status saying "Jana is 28 years old and still single. She's still praying for that one." What made the joke a little uncomfortable is that he did not say the same thing about her twin brother.Jana Marie is still waiting for the right man (or woman, you never know), but potential suitors can't be blamed for any possible discomfort resulting from the Duggar's chaperoned dating traditions.Nineteen kids are a lot for just two people to handle, both logistically and emotionally. However, it seems like Jim Bob and Michelle had room in their hearts for one more child when they gained legal custody over their great-nephew, in November 2016.Tyler Wayne Hutchins is the child of Michelle Duggar's niece. He was previously being taken care of by Michelle's sister, but health issues prevented her from caring for the young boy any longer. Tyler's mother is said to have agreed with granting custody to her aunt and uncle, under the condition that she still gets to visit her son.Information is scarce regarding the situation, so its impossible to know every detail of the adoption. Opinions on the family aside, it's good to hear that a child in a potentially compromising situation was put into a home that can provide for all of his needs.---Are there any other things that happened to the Duggars after 19 Kids and Counting?Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Viewers were instantly intrigued when 17 Kids and Counting made its debut on TLC in 2008. This massive family, which quickly grew to 19 children, was unlike anything ever witnessed on television. The cameras followed the clan through their daily routines, as millions of people tuned in from around the world. The parents of the family, Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar, have very strong religious beliefs. This resulted in tons of  like-minded viewers tuning in , but also quickly sparked controversy. Fans who shared their beliefs formed a huge Duggar hive of supporters and the show ran until 2015. The resulting cancellation came after several scandals surrounding the Duggar siblings.The head of household and beloved father was born in 1965 and is the youngest sibling of two. Jim Bob is a seemingly wholesome and kind man, who made his mark in the community by spreading the word of his teachings. In the book Growing Up Duggar, his daughters wrote about their childhood and their personal Christian values. Despite the scorn his beliefs may bring, he has influenced a widely popular media empire. Whether you agree with him or not, Mr. Duggar has found success as a religious leader, author, businessman, and dad of almost two dozen. Here are the 15 Things You Didn't Know About Jim Bob DuggarClick the button below to start this article in quick viewOwning a towing company at 19 is a pretty good accomplishment. Young Duggar taught himself how to repair cars and opened a car lot. He eventually started a small business in his small hometown of Arkansas.After making plans with his newlywed, they decided to start a family. Jim sold his towing company for profit, which was ultimately his first step to becoming a real estate agent.Jim Bob has proven to be a savvy business man, as starting his towing company was not his only successful business. In 1994, he flipped an old chicken hatchery into commercial rental units. Mr. Duggar was also able to remain relatively debt free, as he made wise property investments that have flourished. While college is certainly not for everyone, most parents encourage their kids to attend a good school. It's interesting to know that Jim allegedly believes higher education, for all genders, is problematic. The Duggars specifically encourage their daughters to engage in courtships and should aspire to have big families.According to the Duggar Family Blog, the girls are allowed to take some online classes. For example, Jill has chosen to become a certified midwife, so she is enrolled in the appropriate courses.  Jessa, who's husband recently graduated from community college, publicly acknowledged his success showing that she is not as biased as her father. It remains unclear if she has any interest in attending school herself.In high school, Michelle worked at the yogurt shop that Jim's mother managed. She worked there for several months, before ever meeting her future husband. In an interview with TLC, Michelle recounted her first date with Jim Bob.Jim and Michelle are two years apart and as a result of this, attended different schools while growing up. The 18-year-old Duggar asked Michelle to attend a banquet with him, while she was working a shift at the yogurt shop. She was instantly swept off of her feet. After the banquet, they went back to Michelle's house, where Jim suggested they read the bible. Michelle described their first date as amazing and was smitten by their wholesome romance. When Jim left that night, she prayed for God to show her a sign if he is the one. Immediately after Michelle's graduation, they tied the knot.In 2002, Mr. Duggar tried to make a move in to politics. He announced that God wanted him to spread his message, and began a campaign to be a Senator of the Republican party.  He ran on an anti-abortion platform which comes as no surprise, as he has openly advocated for the pro-life movement. Although he received a lot of support from Christian followers, he ended up losing to Tim Hutchinson in the primary. There were over 92,000 ballots counted in the election, with Duggar receiving 22% of the vote.After coming up short in the election, Jim and Michelle went on to endorse fellow Republican Mike Huckabee in 2008. That same year, the first episode of 17 Kids and Counting aired on TLC.With an army of kids to feed and take care of, The Duggars are notoriously good at saving money. The most practical way they do this, is by being self sufficient.For example; they give their kids haircuts at home, make their own laundry detergent, and buy clothes from thrift stores and flea markets. Jim Bob also manages to save money by being patient.Jim saved for 7 years before upgrading to the $65,000 home that was seen on the show. The money was raised through donations from the church and members of the community With the help of family and friends, the Duggars built the 7,000 square foot house from the ground up. Jim designed most of the interior and was determined to make their lavish home a dream come true.The bulk of their lucrative income comes from real estate investments, homemade resources, and buying used assets. The Duggar's have also been published by House Book, including a popular novel they wrote called A Love That Multiplies.To further show Jim Bob's business skills, he made a deal with a cell phone company to lease their land near a transmission. Jim owns several properties across Arkansas, which contributes greatly to their income. E! Online says the Duggar's make between $25,000 and $45,000 per episode. When you take in to account that the show aired for ten seasons, it adds up to quite the payday.Everyone has things in common with their close friends. However, Gil Bates and Jim Bob have amazingly identical similarities. You may know Gil from Bringing Up The Bates, a reality show about his large family and their conservative views. The two met in the late 80's at an event in Tennessee, where conveniently enough, their wives hit it off too.The Bates got married three years after the Duggars, in 1987. Not only do the Bates also have 19 kids, but a few of their children even share the same birthday. In an interview with Access Hollywood, the Duggar's say they are here to encourage the Bates and other parents to have large families. Recently Gil and Jim were spotted at a basketball game where their sons were playing. There were reports of cameras following them, could this be footage for a new tv collaboration?Friends of the family say Jim rules the house with an iron fist, despite his loving tv personality. Sources told People Magazine that the dad of 19 can act like a dictator.Not only was he the primary breadwinner of the household, but Duggar seemed to call all of the shots. Apparently, things were a bit different when the cameras weren't rolling.Their uncompromising rules are said to still apply even when their kids leave the nest. While it's normal for a parent to want the best for their children, Duggar apparently had a hard time letting his daughters be independent adults.  After facing public scrutiny, people argued that the overbearing control and sheltering of his children, might have been the root of their problems.It's no secret that Jim is an advocate for women having as many children as God will allow. He served on a political platform for anti-abortion shortly before running for Senate. This led to one of the greatest controversies ever featured on the show, as the Duggar siblings were seen wearing shirts that said, "I survived Roe vs. Wade, Roe vs. Wade will not survive me". This refers to the 1973 Supreme Court case, which ruled in favor of abortion for women.The Duggar's pro-life stance quickly angered some fans. There were people who felt Jim's choice to take away women's rights was insensitive. The internet was furious after Duggar's daughter Jessa was spotted outside of a Planned Parenthood protest. Mr. Duggar still remains a staunch pro-life supporter to this day.Jana is the oldest daughter of the Duggar's and seemed to be very happy with her life. As she approaches the age of 30, fans of the spin off show Counting On have been wondering why she hasn't yet entered in to a serious relationship. Rumors have since begun to spread about her, most of them having to deal with her questionable sexual orientation.While the majority of the Duggar girls are married, there have been a number of reports saying that Jana was put under a lot of pressure to assist her siblings at home. There remains lots of speculation surrounding the mysterious eldest daughter, which lead people to assume the worst. Could Jim be hiding the truth about her to protect the family reputation?Mr. Duggar recently had a public feud with his son-in-law, Ben Seewald. Seewald is newly married to Duggar's daughter Jessa, who has remained silent about their disagreements. The two men are  reportedly disagreeing over their opposing religious views.Jim stands strong in his beliefs of being Quiverfull and advocating procreation, while Ben practices Calvinism. His support for the Black Lives Matters Movement also didn't sit well with the Duggars.A source close to the family says that Jim is also deeply upset with another of his son-in-laws. His daughter Jinger Duggar married Jeremy Vuolo on November 5, 2016. Since then, Jinger has been spotted wearing pants. To most people, this wouldn't be an issue, but Jim was not happy about it. Duggar only allowed his daughters to wear skirts when they lived at home, as it adhered to his strict religious beliefs. Jinger seems to have no regrets rebelling against her family's dress code, as she recently posted a picture on Instagram wearing pants and kissing her husband.While Deanna has been married to Terry Jordan since 2006, her daughter Amy is currently 31 years old. This means that Deanna engaged in pre-marital relations. Unfortunately, Terry didn't turn out to be prince charming. Court reports show that Jim's sister had to file a restraining order against him over alleged death threats. Terry has a very different side of the story, as when he filed for divorce, he claimed his wife's behavior was intolerable. Former members of the Christian organization called Advanced Training Institution say that Duggar adopted most of his principles fro Bill Gothard. Gothardism, is an ideological system of strict biblical rules and principles. In 2014, Mr. Gothard stepped down from his position following accusations of sexual misconduct with young girls in his ministry.There have been reports saying that Mr. Gothard's teachings were more of a reflection of his own personal preferences. When the scandal surfaced regarding Gothard's actions, members seemed far from surprised. RadioOnline.com reveals testimonials from former members who call the Duggar's teachings a cult, that will only cause the family's children more harm than good. Micha Murray broke away from ATI at age 21 and has spoken out against both Gothard and the Duggars. Jim Bob has condemned the unhealthy consumption that's associated with money and greed. However, close friends of his have said he can be hypocritical, considering his own disturbing spending habits. Insiders have said that he has had trouble limiting his spending ever since the massive success of 19 Kids and Counting. The Hollywood Gossip has reported that Jim is a high-class hoarder. Sources claim that his money is tied up in real estate, which caused him to develop an obsession with flipping properties for profit. Duggar reportedly cashes out in auctions at an alarming rate and allegedly isn't afraid to bend the law for the almighty dollar. This contrasts his initial image of being a successful business man, indicating that perhaps the fame was too much for him to handle.Mr. Duggar's eldest son has recently been the center of media attention regarding multiple scandals. The allegations shocked the public and were confirmed to be true. In 2006, Josh confessed to sexually molesting his younger sisters at age 14. An unnamed minor was the first to bring these allegations to light in early 2002. Apparently, this was not news to Mr. Duggar. According to police reports, Josh admitted to his father that he had been touching his sisters inappropriately while they slept at night. He told his father on three different occasions that were never reported. Mr.Duggar has clamed he had a family friend counsel his son. During his senator run four years prior, he stated that rape and incest should be punishable by death.Since being exposed, Josh's scandal has caused TLC to cancel the show. Jim and Michelle believe he made a mistake, but have said they plan to always support and protect their son.---Do you know something about Jim Bob Duggar that we missed? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 1990s were a particularly vital time for American cinema. Established filmmakers like Steven Spielberg, the Coen Brothers, and James Cameron made some of the most memorable films of their careers, and new auteurs like Wes Anderson, P.T. Anderson, and Quentin Tarantino exploded onto the scene and redefined the way we view film. Dramatic changes in technology allowed an entire new dimension in special effects, and the end of the cold war challenged us to reflect on the Twentieth Century with a less self-congratulatory tone in our movies.In order to determine what made up the very best movies of the 1990s, we tasked a dozen or so of our writers with establishing a universe of fifty films, and then voting on those films to ferret out the top twenty. The votes were weighted, with substantially more points awarded to high rankings than lower rankings, ensuring that even outliers that a few of us considered brilliant had a chance to make their way onto the list. Some surprises made our list (What About Bob, Terminator 2) while some huge films didn’t make the cut (Titanic, Schindler’s List).Does your list match ours? Click through to find out! Here are Screen Rant's 20 Best Films of the 1990s.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewWhen Bob (Bill Murray), a psychiatric patient with a litany of phobias takes an appointment with the acerbic and egotistical Dr. Leo Marvin (Richard Dreyfuss), neither of them imagined how much their lives would change. Bob’s good-natured stalking leads him to follow Dr. Marvin to a New Hampshire vacation home, where he wins the hearts of Marvin’s family while destroying the good Doctor’s mind in hilarious fashion. While not as lofty as some of the other films of its day, it marked possibly the end of "Saturday Night Live" style Bill Murray before filmmakers like Wes Anderson, Sofia Coppola, and Jim Jarmusch reinvented him as a "serious" actor.This goofball comedy left behind the “me me me” 1980s, and director Frank Oz (The Dark Crystal) was able to pull off the heart-warming moments without succumbing to saccharine Hallmark Channel cliches. With excellent supporting performances by Julie Hagerty (Airplane!), Charlie Korsmo (Hook), and Kathryn Erbe (Oz), What About Bob gets things started with a comedy that has withstood the test of time and lands as a perhaps the most surprising entry on our list.Bill Murray hits our list again with Wes Anderson’s (The Grand Budapest Hotel) sophomore film Rushmore. This quirky comedy proved a fertile ground for defining contemporary independent cinema and bringing it to the forefront of the film industry, winning Independent Spirit Awards for Best Director (Anderson) and Best Supporting Actor (Murray), and a Golden Globe nomination for Murray in the same category.Rushmore teams Jason Schwartzman’s strange teenager Max Fischer with Murray’s industrialist Herman Blume in an unusual friendship — and in competition for the love of teacher Rosemary Cross (Olivia Williams). The film was co-written by Owen Wilson (Zoolander) and hits on a number of key themes often seen in Wes Anderson films: paternal love between an older man and a younger protege (and the difficulty inherent in these relationships), outsiders in society in positions of adoration, and a nostalgia for a time which never quite existed.Director Bryan Singer (X-Men: Apocalypse) catapulted Kevin Spacey (House of Cards) into superstardom when he cast the character actor and bit player in this crime drama where nothing is as it seems. This whodunit, told in a series of flashbacks narrated by Spacey’s Roger “Verbal” Kint, tells the story of the legendary crime figure Keyser Soze, and left audiences arguing around the water cooler for months about clues to its dramatic twist ending expertly hidden within the film.The Usual Suspects was perhaps the best surprise ending in a decade with a penchant for them. Like Fight Club, The Crying Game or The Sixth Sense, audiences collectively gasped when the big reveal happens and all the clues that should have made it obvious are revealed in a damning montage. Kevin Spacey’s performance landed him an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor, and the name Keyser Soze still exists as shorthand for a mysterious criminal mastermind with a secret identity.Director Robert Zemeckis timed his adaptation of Winston Groom’s 1986 novel Forrest Gump perfectly. In 1994, the world was changing faster than it ever had before. The Iron Curtain had fallen, and Russia, our nemesis of half a century, was suddenly our ally. We stood alone as a world superpower, with untold possibilities of greatness and dark whisperings of perils to come lurking in the news. Home internet was becoming ever more available, and with that year’s completion of the channel tunnel between England and France and the Lillehammer Winter Olympics, the world seemed more connected than ever. But the Yugoslav war pitted open fighting between Christians and Muslims, and though it did not lead to all-out war, Iraq massed troops on the Kuwaiti border and the United States deployed troops to Kuwait. It was an exhilarating and somewhat frightening time to be alive.Enter slow, naive Forrest Gump. This gentle dimwit provided a touchstone to simpler times, and his repeated and accidental influence on less-than-simple events provided a humorous and safe explanation for the difficulties the world faced between the tumultuous sixties and the AIDS epidemic of the eighties. Tom Hanks’ performance as the lovable babe in the woods navigating war, politics, love, and tragedy provided just the nostalgic air a world in flux needed to breathe, and elevated him to bona fide A-list status as he scored his second consecutive Best Actor Oscar win.Next on our list is the complete antithesis of Forrest Gump. Paul Thomas Anderson (Magnolia) blew our collective mind with his ensemble drama following the life of an emerging porn star and the decline of a porn empire. With brilliant performances from Mark Wahlberg (Wahlburgers), Heather Graham (From Hell), Don Cheadle (The Avengers: Age of Ultron), Julianne Moore (The Big Lebowski), John C. Reilly (Step Brothers), William H. Macy (Fargo), Philip Seymour Hoffman (The Hunger Games: Mockingjay), and Burt Reynolds (Striptease), this bleak film stripped away the nostalgia for an earlier age and brought out all of the grit and pain bubbling under the surface of the disco era.At the time, the film gained notoriety for the very large prosthetic Mark Wahlberg needed to wear to justify his...fitness...for his work in the porn industry. What lingers, however, is the undeniable success Anderson had in drawing out the very best performances from his cast. Perhaps no actor in this film has superseded their performance in Boogie Nights — unless it was in Magnolia, The Master, or There Will Be Blood, all also written and directed by Anderson.Another “surprise” entry on our list, Terminator 2: Judgement Day lands here as much for its technological prowess as its acting, directing, or writing work. In this sequel to 1984’s The Terminator, James Cameron revisits his present-day attempt to prevent a future robot-controlled dystopia. Arnold Schwarzenegger reprises his career-making role as a Terminator cyborg, sent back from the future. In the first film, his role was to kill the young John Connor, thus preventing a future resistance to Skynet robot rule over humans.In this second installment, Robert Patrick (The X-Files) plays the T-1000, a next-generation Terminator sent by Skynet to complete the mission the old Terminator failed to accomplish in the first film. The original Terminator has been co-opted by this resistance, and has been sent back to protect young John Connor. While the new T-1000 has the ability to change its appearance at will — and the special effects used to morph the character were far ahead of their time in 1991 — the original Cyborg proves not so easily destroyed. This film is especially notable for debuting several infamous movie catchphrases, including “Hasta la vista, baby!”Our voters kept the sci-fi love coming in the 14th entry on our list, the Wachowski’s bleak dystopian classic The Matrix. By 1999, home internet had fully landed, and it seemed virtually everyone was greeted at least once a day by a cheery voice announcing “You’ve got mail” from their AOL homescreen. The dot com boom was in full swing, and the novelty of having an entire world at your fingertips spurred a great deal of creativity, and no small amount of malaise.The Matrix plugged directly into this malaise, dialing up our worst fears about everything around us being an illusion. Much like Star Trek: The Next Generation’s Borg or Skynet of the Terminator franchise, The Matrix explores a world in which technology has gained sentience and enslaved humanity, this time as an energy source. Rather than war against the humans, however, our cyber overlords found it easier to deceive us into experiencing a mass illusion — living a life virtually which was indistinguishable from reality. Keanu Reeves performs at his best, and Hugo Weaving personifies menace as a living anti-virus program. With special effects that leveled-up the entire film industry, The Matrix lives on as part of the collective consciousness.Our list takes a hard left turn away from sci-fi and toward South Boston for our next entry, 1997’s Good Will Hunting. Written by and starring the then-unknown duo of Matt Damon (Jason Bourne) and Ben Affleck (Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice), the film adds new life to the old story of a working-class person discovering their hidden genius and escaping the trappings of their downtrodden life with the help of a demanding professor (Stellan Skarsgaard) and an unconventional therapist (Robin Williams).While the story is a little trite, the mesmerizing performances of Robin Williams as therapist-cum-father figure and Minnie Driver as Matt Damon’s southie girlfriend lend an authenticity to the film. Williams won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor, and Affleck and Damon shared another for Best Original Screenplay, and the film firmly established the late Williams as a strong actor and not just the manic clown he had come to be known as.In this classic Disney film, an evil brother of a king commits regicide, defers the blame, and assumes the throne. Meanwhile, the rightful heir, after being away from the kingdom, returns to set things right. You’d be forgiven for thinking we’re talking about Walt Disney’s Hamlet, but, in fact, the bard did provide ample source material for The Lion King.This film, which won Oscars for Hans Zimmer’s Best Original Score and Elton John’s Best Original Song “Can You Feel The Love Tonight,” captured memorable performances from Nathan Lane (The Birdcage), Jeremy Irons (Batman v Superman), and Matthew Broderick (Ferris Bueller’s Day Off). Its authentic portrayal of loss and betrayal, tempered by catchy tunes, laugh-out-loud moments, and a much happier ending than Shakespeare’s Danish Prince, has rendered The Lion King one of our most beloved films.In yet another entry from 1994, The Shawshank Redemption is an emotional adaptation of the Stephen King novella Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption. Powered by inspiring performances from Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins, the film follows the relationship of a pair of convicts as it develops over decades in a Maine prison.Although never a financial powerhouse, the film was lauded by critics. It received seven Academy Award nominations, including Best Picture and Best Adapted Screenplay, as well as two nominations at the inaugural Screen Actor’s Guild awards. The film’s theme of finding dignity and worth despite living in an untenable situation has resonated with audiences in the decades since its release, and it's frequently cited as one of the all-time great films.In what is perhaps the most aptly-titled film on our list, Best-Picture winning American Beauty is a deeply disturbing but equally beautiful movie. This beauty is visually defined by striking shots which pepper the film: verdant leaves bracketing a suburban street, a plastic bag dancing in the wind, rose petals covering the body of a naked teenager (Mena Suvari) on red sheets. Under this beauty, however, is turmoil; turgid lives defined by failing love and changing times. Director Sam Mendes (Spectre) won Best Director accolades for his efforts.Kevin Spacey (House of Cards) and  Annette Bening (Postcards From the Edge) each won Best Actor Academy Awards for their performances, and they lead a troupe of wonderful actors as a middle-aged couple falling out of love. However, it is Chris Cooper (Adaptation.) who steals the show in our opinion. His performance as a staunchly conservative, abusive military father who is unable to adapt to his suspicions of a gay son and his own closeted homosexuality still lingers nearly twenty years after the film’s release.In 1992, Clint Eastwood (Dirty Harry) and Morgan Freeman (London Has Fallen) rescued the western genre from the disfavor in which it had resided for nearly two decades. Unforgiven eschews the good cowboys vs. bad Indians stereotype of the past and enters a more realistic world of frontier justice and blurred lines between right and wrong.Eastwood plays a retired and reformed gunslinger who disavowed a life of sin and violence when he married his late wife. He’s not much of a farmer, and when a young gun comes to ask his help collecting a bounty from some prostitutes who were maimed by cowboys and denied justice by a transcendent Gene Hackman portraying the local Sheriff, he decides to take one last job. The particularly nuanced performance netted four Oscars, including Best Picture, Best Director (Eastwood), and best supporting actor (Hackman) on its eight nominations.Extremely rarely, a film is so unique that it completely changes the way films are made for decades to come. 1995’s Toy Story is such a film. The first fully computer-animated feature film, Toy Story came to set the stage for how audiences today watch animated film, launching Pixar to huge success, and ultimately killing the hand-animated films which Disney and other studios had lived on for seventy years.As tech-heavy, story-light films like Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace illustrated, however, impressive effects and CGI are not enough to make a great film. Audiences demand a movie that has heart, that speaks to something within their life and provides a new lens with which to view it. Toy Story provides a window into growing up, and was loved by parents as much as it was by their children.Tom Hanks makes his third appearance on our list with Steven Spielberg’s World War II masterpiece Saving Private Ryan. Just as Toy Story redefined the way animated films are made, Saving Private Ryan made an indelible mark on war films. The cinematography brought the audience directly into the combat, with hand-held cameras providing a first-person view into the incredibly graphic action. The film also made magnificent use of surround-sound technology, with explosions and gunfire seemingly happening everywhere around audience.While Saving Private Ryan somehow lost the Academy Award for Best Picture to the pedantic period rom-com Shakespeare in Love, it garnered no shortage of accolades. From a Best Director Oscar for Spielberg to Golden Globes for Best Picture and Best Director, to a slew of wins and nominations in cinematography, acting for Tom Hanks, and music (John Williams’ score is perhaps his best work), Saving Private Ryan has earned its spot not just in the greatest war films, but in the greatest films of the 1990s.Fight Club is for many the film which established Brad Pitt and Edward Norton as serious actors. Director David Fincher so artfully layered the characters and the drama that very few who had not read Chuck Palahniuk's novel on which the film was based would know that Norton’s narrator was unnamed until the end of the film.Fincher’s dark and chaotic vision was jarring to critics, and the film received very mixed reviews upon its release. Roger Ebert claimed that it was “loved by many, but not by me.” However, he also praised the undeniable skill with which the film was made. Many critics attacked the philosophy of the plot, comparing it to A Clockwork Orange and worrying about copycat behavior. Seventeen years later, however, Fincher’s vision of the madness lurking in the working drone has proven brilliant and influential, adding its dark color and influence to films such as Christopher Nolan’s Dark Knight trilogy.Quentin Tarantino’s debut feature film was ahead of its time. It’s hard to argue that any director had a larger impact culturally or on the film industry in the 1990s than Tarantino. In addition to his eight feature films, over the years he’s considered working on major franchises including James Bond and even wanted to direct a Luke Cage movie. While that might no longer be in the cards, who wouldn’t want to see an episode of the forthcoming Luke Cage Netflix series — or even an entire season — penned and directed by Tarantino?While Reservoir Dogs was clearly early Tarantino, he was already establishing his signatures. From his ensemble cast featuring Steve Buscemi, Michael Madsen, Harvey Keitel, and Tim Roth to his whip-smart dialogue and retro soundtrack, the film is vintage Tarantino. Perhaps nothing defines a Quentin Tarantino project like violence, however, and Reservoir Dogs does not disappoint. However, while the film retains the feel of intense violence, very little actually occurs on screen. From officer Marvin Nash losing an ear to the movie’s final outcome, the audience is left to piece together what happened rather than seeing it in real time.As computer technology exploded in the 1990s, so did the other sciences. With the then very recent ability to identify and replicate DNA on an individual level, our collective imagination overflowed with possibilities. From cloning humans to evil twins and shadowy organizations maintaining secret government databases, DNA technology was the science of the paranoid in the early nineties.Steven Spielberg, working from a novel and screenplay by the late Michael Crichton, was just the man to capitalize on this newfound enthusiasm and fear. With advances in computer graphics, no longer necessary were the stop-motion animation and hand-drawn animation which limited earlier dinosaur films. Jurassic Park was a thrilling experience in the theater, with dinosaurs that looked so real, audiences were left to wonder if Spielberg had actually cloned them. While the CGI looks slightly dated by today’s standard, the wonder and adventure and experience of seeing this film still hold true.There is perhaps no film more thoroughly associated with movies of the 1990s than Pulp Fiction. The ensemble cast is brilliant, the film rescued John Travolta’s career, made a star of Samuel L. Jackson, and showcased a very dark pawn shop basement.Unlike Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction did not hold back in showing intense violence on screen, which thrilled audiences and gave social critics palpitations. Tarantino did not shy away from tackling racial issues, including using the nearly-never-uttered “n-word.” It vividly depicted drug use, with Uma Thurman requiring an injection in the heart from a panicked Eric Stoltz. And no film since Deliverance has depicted rape in quite this way. Always controversial, Tarantino was both decried and lauded by the critics. His films, however, have been perennial favorites, and he is now regarded as one of the best filmmakers of all time.Joel and Ethan Coen made four films together in the 1990s, and truthfully, any one of those films could be on the list. From John Turturro's brilliant turn in Barton Fink, to Jeff Bridges’ sublime slacker as The Dude in The Big Lebowski, the Coen Brothers together made some fantastic films in the decade. But none of these tops the comedy, drama, and authenticity found in 1996’s Fargo.William H. Macy gives the performance of his career as a hinky car salesman, swindling his dealership in a loan scam. When the jig is up and Macy’s Jerry Lundegaard needs money badly, he hires criminals to kidnap and ransom his wife in the hopes of convincing his wealthy father-in-law to pay. As the criminals drive to town to undertake the job, a trooper pulls them over, and he and a pair of witnesses are murdered. Frances McDormand, in a Best Actress-winning turn as local police chief Marge Gunderson, investigates the crimes and is led to Lundegaard’s dealership, where, under pressure, Lundegaard begins to feel his grip on the situation slipping away.In turns hilarious, heartbreaking, and terrifying, Fargo plays to the fears of the outsider in small town America — and instilled fears of wood chippers which linger today.The greatest film of the decade was also one of its first. Martin Scorsese's mafia masterpiece Goodfellas, based on the 1986 non-fiction crime book Wiseguy by Nicholas Pileggi, chronicles the rise and fall of Henry Hill (Ray Liotta) in an organized crime family over three decades.The film is quintessential Scorsese, pulling everything vital from his extremely talented cast and flinging it at the screen in brutal, unrelenting fashion. Featuring a montage of murder as Henry Hill murders his way up the mob ladder, the film particularly shines when Joe Pesci (who won a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his trouble) is on the screen, but Robert De Niro (The Godfather Part II), Liotta, Paul Sorvino (Nixon), and Lorraine Bracco (The Sopranos) disappear into their roles and fill the screen with a realism which may be unmatched in mafia movies. Roger Ebert wrote that “no finer film has ever been made about organized crime, and we agree — at least not in the '90s!Not every great film made the list. Here are the movies which received votes from our panel but didn’t make the final cut. Is excluding Titanic or Schindler's List sacrilege? Is The Dude having a hard time abiding with The Big Lebowski missing the cut? Did we forget to put your favorite in the basket? Let us know in the comments!21. Casino22. Heat23. Schindler's List24. Seven25. The Big Lebowski26. Silence of the Lambs27. Malcolm X28. Boyz N The Hood29. Clerks30. Titanic31. Braveheart32. Leaving Las Vegas33. Clueless34. Set It Off35. Dazed and Confused36. Toy Story 237. White38. Exotica39. Edward Scissorhands40. The Player41. Selena42. Waiting for Guffman43. Barton Fink44. The Sixth Sense45. Trainspotting46. Eyes Wide ShutSubscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Teen movies have been an essential part of a healthy cinematic diet for decades. From Rebel Without a Cause and The Blackboard Jungle in the '50s, to the Frankie Avalon/Annette Funicello beach pictures of the '60s, to Grease and American Graffiti in the '70s, to the John Hughes comedies of the '80s, teen movies have always played an important role. They give young audiences a sense that someone understands their generation's particular concerns. They make great date nights, too.The 1990s produced their fair share of popular teen flicks -- Can't Hardly Wait, American Pie, and Dazed and Confused chief among them. It was a rocky period for movies of this type, though. Those John Hughes works, specifically The Breakfast Club and Ferris Bueller's Day Off, set the bar so high that a lot of '90s teen movies struggled to capture that same level of insight. As a result, the decade produced at least as many misfires as successes.With that in mind, we've assembled 25 teen movies from the 1990s that tried, and failed, to tap into what adolescents of the era wanted to see reflected onscreen. There are no obscure titles here, no tiny indie releases that only played in a few theaters. Each of these films was given a nationwide release, bolstered by a substantial advertising campaign. If you were old enough to go to the movies, you were certainly aware of their existence. In every case, they wanted to hit the bullseye with the target demographic, only to come up short.Here are 25 Forgettable ’90s Teen Movies Only Superfans Remember.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIn 1980, The Blue Lagoon made Brooke Shields a star. For some unknown reason, it took eleven years for Hollywood to make a sequel to that box office smash.Return to the Blue Lagoon has the exact same premise -- two adolescents get stranded on a desert island, where they begin to experience the power of love and engage in certain mature activities. The primary difference is that the lead actress is the pre-Resident Evil Milla Jovovich.Sporting an unimpressive 0% at Rotten Tomatoes, the movie offers more of the same, but to much lesser effect.In the '90s, Disney had a division called Hollywood Pictures, whose logo was a sphinx. It turned out so many bad movies that a popular joke among rival studios was, "If it's the sphinx, it stinks."Camp Nowhere is a perfect example of why that joke existed.Christopher Lloyd stars in this dopey comedy as an irresponsible drama teacher who helps a group of kids start their own summer camp, where the entire concept of "rules" quickly goes out the window. There have been some good camp comedies, but Camp Nowhere has no wit, just a lot of lame slapstick humor -- and a very young Jessica Alba in a small role.Jim Carroll's memoir The Basketball Diaries is a harrowing tale of how the author, as a high school basketball star, developed a hardcore substance abuse problem that nearly destroyed him.Leonardo DiCaprio plays Carroll in the film adaptation.Despite giving a performance that largely received critical acclaim, DiCaprio couldn't save the movie from harsh reviews. A common refrain was that it felt like the picture was inadvertently sensationalizing addiction rather than depicting it realistically. The main character's ultimate redemption was also accused of being unconvincing.As for audiences, they sensed The Basketball Diaries was a downer and stayed away.Pump Up the Volume stars Christian Slater as a teenager who uses his pirate radio station to rail against the authority figures in his town and at his high school. Samantha Mathis co-stars as the fellow student who figures out his secret identity.The movie actually has a worthwhile message about the power of finding your voice, yet that message is buried beneath moments of extreme melodrama. Slater also received criticism for doing what appears to be a full-on Jack Nicholson imitation throughout.It's safe to say that Pump Up the Volume hasn't aged well. The idea of creating a pirate radio station is obsolete in this day of social media and podcasting.Toy Soldiers is kind of a ripoff of Red Dawn, which may have been part of the reason why it never made much of an impact. The story takes place at an elite prep school. When criminals overtake the academic establishment, it's up to a gang of feisty students to fight back.The producers thought the cast of rising young actors, including Sean Astin and Wil Wheaton, would carry it to box office success. Unfortunately, scenes that were supposed to be exciting come off rather silly, as Toy Soldiers fails to convince us that these teens are really capable of foiling hardcore criminal lowlifes.After achieving tremendous success on television with Clarissa Explains It All and Sabrina the Teenage Witch, Melissa Joan Hart was eager to prove she had the right stuff to make it on movie screens, as well. Her cinematic debut as a leading lady was Drive Me Crazy.Hart plays a heartbroken teenager whose dream guy fails to ask her to the prom. She then enlists offbeat neighbor, played Adrian Grenier, to take her instead. He agrees, in order to make his ex-girlfriend jealous. Sparks unexpectedly fly between them.Drive Me Crazy doesn't have the most original plot, and it says nothing new about adolescent romance. No wonder it made a speedy in-and-out from cinemas.Vanilla Ice was briefly a big deal in the early '90s thanks to his ubiquitous hit song "Ice Ice Baby". He was so big, in fact, that Universal Pictures crafted a movie called Cool as Ice around him.He plays a motorcycle-riding rapper romancing a girl whose family is in the Witness Protection Program. When corrupt cops track them down, he tries to save her.Cool as Ice suffered some unexpected bad luck. It takes a while to make a movie, and Vanilla Ice was largely a flash in the pan. By the time the film limped into theaters, his career was already on a downslide.On paper, The Faculty seemed like a can't-miss proposition. Director Robert Rodriguez was hot off El Mariachi and From Dusk Till Dawn, while writer Kevin Williamson was the toast of Hollywood, thanks to his script for Scream.The film had an impressive cast, including Josh Hartnett, Elijah Wood, Salma Hayek, and Jordana Brewster.The issue was the plot, which involves a group of high school students who come to believe their teachers are aliens. The Faculty doesn't capitalize on the full potential of that premise, which led to middling reviews and so-so box office.All I Wanna Do is a good movie with a 67% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Unfortunately, some behind-the-scenes issues have kept it from gaining the attention many people feel it deserves.The film has had multiple titles and multiple releases. It was filmed under the name The Hairy Bird, but was minimally released twice in North America in 1997 as Strike! and once again in 2000 as All I Wanna Do.Inconsistent titling and a bizarre release pattern caused this coming-of-age story that features Kirsten Dunst, Gaby Hoffmann, and Rachael Leigh Cook to fall between the cracks.The Baby-Sitters Club is based on the wildly popular book series by Ann M. Martin. It focuses a group of teen girls who attempt to earn some money by opening up their own daycare camp for children. Along the way, they endure personal dramas, ranging from diabetes to estranged fathers.Despite the popularity of the novels, the movie couldn't muster up much business. A common criticism was that there were too many characters, meaning that it was difficult to give each of them their full due in 94 minutes.It's also possible that the fan base was simply too busy reading the books to bother with the film adaptation.Wild America was definitely aimed at teen girls.It starred Devon Sawa, Jonathan Taylor Thomas, and Scott Bairstow, all of whom were teen heartthrobs in the '90s. What a strange film to put them in, though.Loosely based on the story of wildlife documentarian Marty Stouffer, the film tracks three brothers as they travel across the United States to capture footage of various animals.Critics found Wild America a little shallow and a little too concerned with catering to the teenybopper crowd. The target audience, meanwhile, seemed uninterested in the period setting and nature photography subject matter.Idle Hands attempts the tricky feat of mixing horror and comedy. This sort of thing can be done, although it's not easy. By most accounts, the film couldn't pull it off.Devon Sawa plays a guy whose right hand becomes possessed. It then goes on a rampage, gruesomely eliminating anyone it doesn't like.Mixing genres requires hitting just the right balance. Idle Hands never figures out how to do that. You're not always sure whether to laugh or be horrified by way characters meet their ends. Another contributing factor is that the idea of a hand run amok quickly wears out its welcome.Mystery Date has to rank as one of the most bizarre teen-centered romantic-comedies ever made.Ethan Hawke plays Tom, a guy who manages to land a date with his dream girl, Geena (Teri Polo). He even gets to drive his brother's fancy sports car in an effort to impress her. After cops pull him over and discover two bodies in the trunk, the young would-be lovers find themselves on the run.The reason why Mystery Date failed to make a lasting impression is that it can't fully decide whether to be a romance or an action picture. In trying to be both, it ends up being neither of them particularly well.The rappers known as Kid 'N Play successfully transitioned from records to movies with their 1990 comedy House Party. It was smart and funny, with a fresh point of view on adolescent desires. On the flip side of the coin, they also made 1992's Class Act, which is neither smart nor funny, and which has nothing of value to say.The two play high school students -- one a brain, the other a troublemaker -- who are forced to live each other's experiences when their school records get mixed up.What follows is an uninspired identity-switching comedy, the central joke of which wears thin almost immediately.Long before he became Pete Campbell on Mad Men, Vincent Kartheiser starred in a virtually unwatchable teen thriller called Masterminds.A group of criminals, led by Patrick Stewart, hold the students at a fancy private school hostage. Kartheiser plays Ozzie, a rebellious computer hacker who leads the charge to fight them off.If you've seen this film, you're in the minority. On its opening weekend in 1997, Masterminds landed in 17th place, just barely beaten out by the tenth weekend of the Julia Roberts romantic comedy My Best Friend's Wedding.Business was so bad, Masterminds was pulled from theaters almost immediately. The total gross was just $1.8 million.Paul Walker became a star with The Fast and the Furious. Prior to that, he had a starring role in Disney's Meet the Deedles. He and Steve Van Wormer play surfer dudes who -- through a complicated and unlikely series of events -- end up being mistaken for Yellowstone park rangers. In this guise, they do battle with a disgruntled ex-ranger (Dennis Hopper) who plans to harm the national park.Meet the Deedles opened in March of 1998, and hardly anyone turned out to see it. In fact, a 20th anniversary re-release of Grease came out that same weekend and earned six times what this movie did.Airborne is a movie that attempted to capitalize on the rollerblading craze. Shane McDermott plays a California kid transplanted to Ohio. He uses his skating skills to woo a pretty girl and foil the high school hockey team, which is comprised of bullies. Seth Green co-stars as his cousin.Fads generally don't make for good movies, a fact that Airborne makes painfully clear. While rollerblading might be fun in real life, it's thin subject matter for a 90-minute film. The story's assertion that being a good skater can solve all your problems is also ridiculous.Mannequin was a surprise box office hit in 1987. Despite the unwillingness of stars Andrew McCarthy and Kim Cattrall to return, a sequel was produced four years later.Mannequin Two: On the Move ended up a colossal flop. Despite costing just $13 million to make, it only grossed $3.7 million in North America.The plot is a virtual Xerox copy of the original's. The only difference is that the new mannequin is played by Kristy Swanson, and she's in her frozen state because of a curse placed on her by an evil queen 1,000 years prior. William Ragsdale portrays the window-dresser who wakes her up and falls in love with her.You have to give Mad Love credit for one thing -- it addresses a subject seldom tackled in teen cinema. In this romantic drama, Chris O'Donnell and Drew Barrymore fall hard for one another. Just when you think they're all set up for a "happily ever after," it's revealed that she has serious mental health issues, which he misguidedly believes he can fix.Although the movie has its defenders, most agree that Mad Love, despite its good intentions, is a bit too melodramatic. It's possible the filmmakers laid it on thick to help teen audiences gain an understanding of mental illness. Then again, the fans might have preferred a more lightweight story with these stars.Katie Holmes shook off her wholesome "girl next door" image in a big way with 1998's Disturbing Behavior, playing a hard-edged high schooler with tattoos and piercings. She attracts the notice of new kid in town, played by James Marsden. Together, they uncover a conspiracy to turn teenagers into artificially "perfect" citizens.Disturbing Behavior has developed a cult following over the years, but it was a dud at the time. The movie had the misfortune to open the exact same weekend as Steven Spielberg's Saving Private Ryan. Blockbusters Armageddon and There's Something About Mary were also capturing the lion's share of public interest, leaving edgy Holmes in the dust.The Program is a look at the pressures of playing college football. James Caan stars as a coach who will do anything to win. Omar Epps and Craig Sheffer are two of his best players.Tragedy helped seal this movie's fate. Right after it opened, several young people around the country were injured or perished after imitating a stunt Sheffer's character performs -- one that involves lying down in the middle of the road as cars speed by.The studio responded by editing the sequence out and sending new prints to theaters. By then, though, The Program was already tarnished.Alicia Silverstone was so popular after the release of Clueless that Sony Pictures signed her to a multi-picture development deal. The first of her films, Excess Baggage, was such a turkey that it brought the deal to a screeching halt.She plays a mischievous teen who fakes her own abduction in an effort to get her distracted father's attention. Benicio Del Toro is a crook who steals the car whose trunk she's pretending to be captive in. Now an inadvertent abductor, he has to figure out what to do with the girl.Excess Baggage was so unfunny and so contrived that Silverstone got nominated for a Razzie as Worst Actress.Light It Up was supposed to make Usher as big a movie star as he was a music star. Needless to say, that didn't happen. His first effort as a leading man came and went without much fanfare.The plot spotlights a cop who gets shot and the students who hold him hostage in an effort to get the conditions of their school improved.You can't deny that Light It Up tries really hard to say something important about the poor condition of inner city schools. However, the heavy-handed tone does it no favors.Usher's leading man debut earned just under $6 million domestically.My Boyfriend's Back tells the story of Johnny. He has a crush on the most beautiful girl in school, Missy. In an effort to impress her, he arranges for the store where she works to be robbed so he can rush in and "save" her.The plan doesn't go well, with Johnny being fatally wounded. That doesn't stop his love for Missy. He somehow rises from the grave to take her to the prom, which she promised as he was drawing his last breath.My Boyfriend's Back was roundly ignored by the public. It earned a dismal $3 million at the box office. It might have fared better today, given the current popularity of zombie tales.Winona Ryder starred in two very acclaimed '80s teen movies -- Lucas and Heathers. The '90s weren't as kind to her in regard to the genre, as Welcome Home, Roxy Carmichael proves.She plays the improbably named Dinky Bossetti, an Ohio girl who believes a famous Hollywood actress hailing from her small town might be her mother. Dinky plans to get some answers when it's announced that the actress will be returning to the area.Although Ryder received good notices for her performance, not much else about Welcome Home, Roxy Carmichael worked for critics or audiences. It disappeared from theaters after two weeks.---How many of these '90s teen movies do you remember? Tell us in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Welcome to Part 2 of our 1999 Movie Retrospective. The final year of the last century was one hell of a cinematic ride and it offered some outstanding films for lovers of cinema.Now be aware that this is not a definitive list of the films released - it's a brief rundown highlighting interesting films that should be seen (although not always for the right reasons).You can check out the first part (A-E) here or continue reading to see the other gems that were released in 1999.Fight ClubFight Club was a box office disappointment ten years ago, but it has gained a HUGE cult following since - and it must have made an absolute mint on DVD. Brad Pitt and Edward Norton star in this David Fincher directed adaptation of Chuck Palahniuk's now-famous novel. The film is another example of world perspective from a late 90s view point.For The Love of the GameThere's something about For the Love of the Game that got under my skin when I saw it ten years ago. Maybe it was the music? Or maybe it was Kevin Costner's performance? I don't know, but it is my favorite Sam Raimi film. If you think that's odd - I know nothing about baseball and I don't like any sport!Galaxy QuestFew admit to liking Tim Allen on the big screen but many will say that they love Galaxy Quest. Alan Rickman and Sigourney Weaver also star in this comedic pastiche of Star Trek. It's good fun, with some equally good creature f/x.Ghost Dog: The Way of the SamuraiGhost Dog: The Way of the Samurai is probably director Jim Jarmusch's most accessible film. It stars Forest Whitaker as a Mafia hitman who follows the Samurai code. It didn't make much of a commercial splash on release back in '99 but it was hailed by critics. Go on - check it out!Girl, InterruptedThe film that won Angelina Jolie an Oscar was supposed to be an acting showcase for Winona Ryder. Ryder has all but fallen into obscurity and Jolie is the biggest female star on the planet. Maybe that's the reason to check out this James Mangold directed film.The Green MileFrank Darabont does a Stephen King prison adaptation. Been there, done that. This one stars Tom Hanks. The Shawshank  Redemption grossed $28 million and this did $136 million. You figure out why (Hint: Hanks).The HauntingLiam Neeson, Owen Wilson and Catherine Zeta Jones star in a Jan De Bont directed PG-13 haunted house horror film chock full of CGI. Half of that sentence seems like a good idea. Others must have thought so too, as it grossed $90 million. I haven't seen it since it came out. If I have a few drinks I might watch it again on television. Maybe.The Iron GiantBased on the Ted Hughes tale, the Iron Giant was pretty much thrown out onto screens by Warner Brothers a decade ago. The Brad Bird animated film features the vocal stylings of Vin Diesel and Jennifer Aniston. It flopped on release, but it now (like a lot of '99 films) has a huge cult following.MagnoliaIn my opinion Magnolia is one of the best films of the last ten years. Paul Thomas Anderson's epic L.A. tale features an excellent ensemble cast featuring a never better Tom Cruise, Julianne Moore, Jason Robards, John C. Reilly and William H. Macy. Aimee Mann's music adds heart to this lyrical and poetic film.The MatrixA film that changed cinema for the decade. Keanu Reeves stars as the savior of mankind in the Wachowski's cyber-punk action thriller. Black trench coats and sunglasses flew off the shelves as everyone wanted that Matrix look. "Bullet-time" and "wire-fu" became fixtures in nearly every action film that followed. It's a pity that the sequels didn't live up to this one.The MummyStephen Sommers' action romp was an unexpected success when it opened. It's a good old-fashioned adventure with a lot of CGI. It's a shame that the only thing that Sommers seemed to take away from this film were the things that didn't work!Mystery, AlaskaAn interesting little film starring Russell Crowe and Burt Reynolds. It's directed by Jay Roach the man behind the Meet the Parents films but there's heart to this comedy film that tanked on release.Mystery MenA superhero comedy film released a while before superheroes became all the rage again. Ben Stiller leads the cast in what would be one of his last not-for-they-paycheck roles.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Many films come out every year with critics and fans alike, compiling lists of their bests and worsts. There are also many films that fall between the cracks, only to be discovered years later. Many critics believe that one of the best years in cinema was 1939, when Gone with the Wind and The Wizard of Oz were released alongside many other classic gems.Personally, I've always felt that 1999 was an epic year for movies, providing us with so many interesting films. In fact, 1999 was such a good year for movies that even some of the bad ones are still worth watching!So, please sit back and put your memory caps on as Screen Rant takes on a retrospective of 1999 in the world of film.In 1999, the world was a very different place. We were on the cusp of a new millennium and 9/11 was something that nobody - not even Hollywood could have imagined at the time. Fear of the millennium bug and crazy beliefs about the end of the world gave a lot of films released that year a nihilistic quality that we hadn't seen since the 1970's.I remember an excitement about the films that came out in '99, and as a young man about to head to university, it was an exciting time - A time where I was heading out on my own, in anticipation of a new century, a new millennium and of course, a thrilling combination of films to guide the way.1999 delivered a cinematic year like no other, and it brought forward films that will not only be remembered, but that also have set the benchmark for Hollywood output this decade. And, some ten years later, some of these films are still being used as creative templates.[NOTE: the films that I am about to discuss are not a definitive list of the films released in 1999, nor are they a list of the best - what will follow is a collection of films which I believe are worth watching for entertainment value, or films which I believe are worth watching because how they have impacted cinema over the last decade.]8mm8mm was Joel Schumacher making amends for Batman and Robin. An Andrew Kevin Walker script with Nicolas Cage delivering one of his best performances, gave this gritty film an edge that most Hollywood studio productions don't have. It also featured a strong supporting role from Joaquin Phoenix. While it might not be for everyone, it is a strong film, IMHO.The 13th WarriorThis John McTiernan film preceded the glut of medieval epics that followed in the wake of The Lord of The Rings trilogy. While 13th Warrior is an incredibly flawed film, it is still worth watching on a rainy Sunday afternoon. The film was plagued by production problems and fights between McTiernan and producer and novelist Michael Crichton (it's based on his book); the budget of the film finally came in at a reported $200 million - though it sure doesn't look that way onscreen. The film's plot is based on the "Beowulf" poem and it's a curiosity film rather than a must-see.American BeautyAmerican Beauty was Sam Mendes' directorial debut. The multi-Oscar-winning family drama showed that thoughtful films for adults still made a killing at the box office ($130 million) and it highlighted the fact that adults are only teenagers with mortgages. It also solidified Kevin Spacey's star status and made plastic bags cool - for about a minute.American PieThe film that started the current trend of R-rated sex comedies. American Pie was something of a cultural phenomenon when it was released way back in the summer of 1999 - it introduced the world to a raft of new sex-related phrases (MILF being the most commonly used) and it made an icon out of Seann William Scott. Two lesser sequels and a few straight-to-DVD installments followed, but none could match the originality of this original slice of Pie. We wouldn't have had Superbad or The Hangover without it.Arlington RoadArlington Road was something of a sleeper hit in the summer of 1999. This Mark Pellington film is a 70's style paranoia thriller clearly modeled on the work of Alan Pakula. Jeff Bridges stars as a college professor who suspects his friendly neighbor, Tim Robbins, might be a terrorist. A chilling and prophetic vision of post-911 paranoia. Highly Recommended viewing.Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged MeThis Austin Powers sequel was another phenomenon in the summer of 1999. While the first film was a modest hit, grossing $50 million, this sequel upped the ante and brought in a huge $200 million. It's the reason that The Love Guru exists - but don't hold that against it. The Spy Who Shagged Me is actually funny.Being John MalkovichThis Spike Jones/ Charlie Kaufman comedy was an art house hit featuring John Cusack and Cameron Diaz. It's odd and off the wall, but there's so much originality in the film that one can't help but enjoy it. Having said that - it's not for everyone.The Blair Witch ProjectThe film that changed film marketing forever. Blair Witch came from nowhere and showed Hollywood that the internet was a way to hype films without having to spend $100 million dollars. Many were lead to believe that the film was true and the documentary style (later re-dubbed "shaky cam style") was copied for years to come (see: Cloverfield, Paranormal Activity).BowfingerThe last great Eddie Murphy film. Written by and co-starring Steve Martin, Bowfinger is a Hollywood satire directed by Yoda himself - Frank Oz.Breakfast of ChampionsChances are you've never heard of this Bruce Willis, Nick Nolte and Albert Finney-starring comedy. Based on the Kurt Vonnegut novel, Breakfast of Champions was barely given a release a decade ago, but if you can find it and get past the tough first 20 minutes, it's worth seeing.Bringing Out the DeadMartin Scorsese and Paul Schrader re-team far what some called "Ambulance Driver." It's bleak and depressing, but again it offers another good performance by Nicholas Cage as a burnt-out, drug-fueled paramedic.Deep Blue SeaSomething of a guilty pleasure for me (and I know I'm not alone). Deep Blue Sea is a hell of an action ride. Sharks, Samuel L. Jackson and Thomas Jane in a Renny Harlin-directed film. It grossed an impressive $70 million back in the day and it's still fun now!DogmaOne of Kevin Smith's worst films, IMHO; I almost walked out of the cinema when I first saw it. It was a re-teaming of Good Will Hunting boys Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, and it also featured Alan Rickman and Alanis Morrisette. I haven't seen it in years and I'll probably give it a revisit. Maybe you should too.EDtvRon Howard's EDtv was beaten to the punch by The Truman Show the previous year as a pastiche of reality television. Matthew McConaughey stars as the titular Ed, a normal guy who becomes a celebrity when he stars in a reality television show. Like that would ever happen!End of DaysEnd of Days was Arnold Schwarzenegger's comeback film after Batman and Robin and heart surgery (the two weren't related). It's not Schwarzenegger at his best, but Peter Hyams' dark visuals, John Denby's score and an interesting supporting role of Gabriel Byrne as Satan makes this an interesting curiosity. The film relied heavily of millennium fear and pretty much reflects what the world was like at that point in time.
EntrapmentA slick heist/thriller starring Sean Connery and Catherine Zeta Jones. It's not a bad film, and it's good to see Connery in any sort of toupee'd action. Only problem is - I can't see Zeta Jones falling for a much older man. Oh...wait....
 



















Eyes Wide ShutStanley Kubrick's final film was two years in production and caused much controversy due to the sexually explicit scenes contained in the film. The film stars the then-married Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman as a doctor and his wife who turn a bizarre corner in their marriage. It was a strange film to be released in the summer months, with dream-like visuals and a slow and meandering pace. It's kind of like a good novel really - takes you a long time to experience, but you end up thinking about it for ages afterwards.
Stay Tuned for Part 2 of 1999: A Year In Review.
As always your comments are welcome!



















Avengers: Endgame Empire Cover Upgraded With Their New Costumes




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

End of DaysEnd of Days was Arnold Schwarzenegger's comeback film after Batman and Robin and heart surgery (the two weren't related). It's not Schwarzenegger at his best, but Peter Hyams' dark visuals, John Denby's score and an interesting supporting role of Gabriel Byrne as Satan makes this an interesting curiosity. The film relied heavily of millennium fear and pretty much reflects what the world was like at that point in time.EntrapmentA slick heist/thriller starring Sean Connery and Catherine Zeta Jones. It's not a bad film, and it's good to see Connery in any sort of toupee'd action. Only problem is - I can't see Zeta Jones falling for a much older man. Oh...wait....Eyes Wide ShutStanley Kubrick's final film was two years in production and caused much controversy due to the sexually explicit scenes contained in the film. The film stars the then-married Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman as a doctor and his wife who turn a bizarre corner in their marriage. It was a strange film to be released in the summer months, with dream-like visuals and a slow and meandering pace. It's kind of like a good novel really - takes you a long time to experience, but you end up thinking about it for ages afterwards.Stay Tuned for Part 2 of 1999: A Year In Review.As always your comments are welcome!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Welcome to Screen Rant's "Geek Picks," where we collect the finest movie-related geekery from around the Web. Today you'll find out how Godzilla should have ended; a first person Game of Thrones; a Pug version of Dawn of the Planet of the Apes; a female Skeletor; and the Darkwing Duck theme as a slow jam. All that and more on this edition of SR's Geek Picks!To kick things off today, Flavorwire has 100 Famous Directors’ Rules of Filmmaking.If you have any Geek Picks of your own, please send them to srgeekpicks(at)gmail(dot)com and you could be featured in a future post!-Dawn of the Planet of the Apes (Cute Pug Puppy Version)What could be better then a growing nation of genetically evolved Pugs led by Caesar?-The Last Of ApesJoel & Ellie thought they'd escaped from their enemies, but something even worse is waiting for them in the shadows...-This Is How We Roll Featuring Halle BerryJimmy and Halle form a human hamster wheel and roll through the Tonight Show studio.-Harry Potter “Muggalo” TattooI’m super excited I got a chance to do this ridiculous Harry potter tattoo. Now someone come get the Scotty P tattoo.From daveycxc's instagram.-Guardians of the Galaxy - Bad Days - Season 3 Ep 10A thief, two thugs, an assassin, and a maniac are all that stands between the galaxy and a whole bunch of Bad Days...-How Godzilla Should Have EndedThe Alpha Predator gets a HISHE!-Darkwing Duck - Saturday Morning Slow JamsEvery Saturday morning, we've been turning various cartoon theme songs into '90s R&B. This week, we covered an old favorite - Darkwing Duck - and added just a touch of Motown Philly. The lovely Ashley Stroud from PMJ contributed her silky vocals to this ode to the terror that flaps in the night.-Female Skeletor CosplayModel/Costume/Edits: Constantine In TokyoFace/Body Paint: The Art of HorrorPhotographer: F. J. Photography & York In A Box-First Person Game of ThronesThere is only one god in «Game of Thrones»-That's all for today, folks! Be sure to check back tomorrow for more movie-related geekery.Today's picks have been brought to you by: The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, mashed, FashionablyGeek, GeekXGirls, ScottBradleeLovesYa, The Pet Collective, Mr.TVCow, How It Should Have Ended, Flavorwire and CineFix.
Tags:
sr picks
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Kid is a well-intentioned attempt to make a contemplative western, but ultimately mistakes gritty violence and broodiness for substance.Though its big ideas don't work, Serenity's narrative miscalculations result in some pretty entertaining - if completely unintentional - comedy.It has some promising elements, but on the whole Replicas is a campy sci-fi movie that's more likely to elicit unintended laughs than anything else. A Dog's Way Home is a fine family-friendly adventure about man's best friend, hitting the same emotional chords as (better) movies that came before.Welcome to Marwen is an ambitious, but miscalculated and otherwise misguided attempt to blend effects-driven filmmaking with grounded storytelling.Asher﻿ tries to get by on the talent of its leads, but it's a dull thriller hamstrung by sloppy pacing and a poorly-constructed screenplay.The Girl in the Spider's Web﻿ is a generic franchise revival hamstrung by an uninspired story and poor character development.Johnny English Strikes Again is harmlessly silly on the whole, but may even leave fans of the previous Johnny English movies feeling underwhelmed.Night School﻿ is a by-the-numbers and forgettable studio comedy that fails to realize the full potential of its promising cast and concept.Sierra Burgess is a Loser attempts to be a modern and progressive teen rom-com, but tends to lean on the genre's regressive tropes too much.Destination Wedding aims to be the misanthrope's rom-com, but despite the charm of Winona Ryder and Keanu Reeves, it's just plain unlikable.Mile 22 isn't lacking when it comes to hard-hitting action, but is undone by its confused narrative and over-rushed attempt at franchise-building.Skyscraper is a serviceable action vehicle for a charming Dwayne Johnson, but even he can’t save it from repetitive set pieces and a stale story.How It Ends tries to balance drama and thrills with a sci-fi premise, but ultimately fails to deliver in this bland but beautiful apocalypse film.Gringo is a messy, confused entry in the crime genre that wastes its stellar ensemble on an uninspired narrative and leaves minimal impact.Despite some promising elements, Mute struggles to explore philosophical questions within a sci-fi setting in a way that feels innovative and fresh.Fifty Shades Freed brings the E.L. James' book-based trilogy to its climax with plenty of sex, overwrought drama, and unintentional humor.Winchester is a bland horror film that avoids being altogether forgettable thanks to leads Helen Mirren and Jason Clarke.Maze Runner: The Death Cure provides a satisfactory concluding chapter to the YA dystopian trilogy, and little else beyond action spectacle.
In honor of the closing chapter (for now) of Michael Bay's Transformers trilogy, we present 20 of our favorite movie robots of all time.Whether it is an android or autonomous robot, the only rules for this list are that they can speak and they have a dedicated physical form (i.e. they are not a computer program like HAL 9000, KITT or S1m0ne). With those two guidelines in place, we present our list of robots below, ordered alphabetically.Keep in mind this is only a list of the movie robots we love, and not a definitive "Top 20 Robots of All Time." It is interesting to note how similar many of these robots are when you look at them closely. There are a handful that experience what I like to call the Pinocchio Effect, in which a robot designed to be human-like wants to actually become a human (or as close as it can manage). Of course, Pinocchio was likely a great inspiration for many of these characters. On the other hand, there are many robots with destructive capabilities that use brute strength to get their way. The only question is whose side they are on.Note that there are some SPOILERS in the following explanations of each character. The list is in alphabetical order, so if you would like to list any more or rank them, feel free to do so in the comments section below. Enjoy our list and please add your own favorites afterwards.-"Bring back alien life form. Crew expendable." Those are the eerie orders for Ash, the android who tricked the crew of the Nostromo into thinking he was human. Thanks to his sinister intention to capture a live specimen of the alien species, all hell breaks loose on board the vessel and we get one of the greatest science fiction/horror movies of all time. In addition, how many robots can say they've shoved a rolled-up porn magazine down Sigourney Weaver's throat?Ash also holds one of the best movie deaths for an alien of all time. First he is decapitated, then electrocuted and finally burnt to a crisp. Actor Ian Holm brought an extra dose of creepiness to the character that made him all the more memorable in the grand scheme of the Alien franchise. Ash is yet another reason to be wary of any future real-world attempts to create human-like robots.-Not all robots on this list have to be good. Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey features a murderous robot clone of each titular character. The interaction between human Bill and Ted and Evil Bill and Ted is pretty hilarious, and makes the characters that much more memorable. I don't think I've ever heard a robot say he has a "full-on robot chubby," which pretty much solidified their place on this list.The evil robots even get an opportunity to kill the real Bill & Ted and don't mess it up, proving they are truly enhanced versions of their human counterparts. Plus, in a robot-on-robot fight that would make Michael Bay vomit, the admirable Station creates good robot clones of Bill & Ted to take down the Evil Bill & Ted in a bogus fight of excellent proportions.-(We understand that R2-D2 is not an android, but for the sake of organization, he has been paired up with C-3PO in this category.)The most famous droids in the universe are an obvious combo pick for this list. While they argue like a married couple, they have one of cinema's most legendary friendships. They are the yin and the yang. R2-D2 can do it all and save the day, while C-3PO can... well, he can probably do your taxes. The two bring an essential comedic relief to the otherwise serious (apart from a few Han Solo jokes) Star Wars saga and bring an extra dose of camp to the franchise. It's amazing their spin-off TV show Droids did not work out, as their relationship is surely more entertaining than some of the shows on television today.R2-D2's uncanny ability to get his friends out of even the hairiest of situations puts him right near the top of the Most Talented Movie Robot list. If there is a gadget, you can bet R2-D2 has it in that mechanical frame. He can even fly if the situation calls for it. In the end, with today's CGI characters, it will always amaze me that there was actually a person (Kenny Baker) inside of R2 during some scenes. Anthony Daniels' presence as C-3PO fast became legend and put him on par with the great performances of the saga.-The Data-Analyzing Robot Youth Lifeform is yet another Pinocchio-style scientific experiment brought to the big screen. This android was designed to become a super-soldier with an advanced ability to hack computer systems and enhanced physical functions. When a scientist grows a conscience and lets Daryl go, the "boy" finds a loving family in The Richardsons and the classic tale unfolds. The final act of D.A.R.Y.L. is pretty intense even for a mid-80s science fiction movie, as Daryl steals a Blackbird in hopes of returning to the Richardsons' home.Barret Oliver's career didn't amount to much after D.A.R.Y.L. (other than Cocoon), but his performance is just as strong as any other involving a boy robot trying to find his humanity. It drives the film and makes you feel compassion for the android. It's a testament to the nostalgic feeling of the film and its coming-of-age structure that really goes beyond just the story's fictional events.
Tags:
star wars,
star trek,
transformers,
terminator,
wall-e,
i robot,
austin powers,
moon,
alien,
blade runner
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Orange is the New Black is one of Netflix's most successful original shows. Debuting in 2013, the series is on its 6th season and going onto its 7th.Funny, heartwarming, and emotionally driven, OITNB is a truly unique show that features a diverse cast of women.Based on the memoir by Piper Kerman, Orange Is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison, the series showcases the issues that challenge woman inside and outside prison.Jenji Kohan was just finishing up her hit show Weeds when she started to shop for a new series. Kohan was, and is, interested in telling women’s stories and, thankfully, Kerman’s story was a perfect fit. Six years later, the show has earned six Emmys and 19 nominations.The show has gone on to advocate for women’s rights and prison reform while still being entertaining. Much like Netflix’s other show, House of Cards, OITNB helped revolutionize television for streaming services, lending credibility to the platform.The show is written, produced, and made by women, and has opened the door for more female lead shows on television.Although Netflix does not release viewership information, it is obvious that OITNB has gained quite a significant following. The show is a critical hit and cultural phenomena.However, the stories behind the camera can be just as exciting, if not more interesting.With that said, here are the 20 Wild Facts Behind The Making Of Orange Is the New Black!Click the button below to start this article in quick viewUzo Aduba is an incredibly talented actor. Her portrayal of the endearing Suzanne “Crazy Eyes” Warren has nabbed her two Emmy’s and two Screen Actors Guild Awards.However, this almost didn't happen.Before she was picked for the iconic role, Aduba didn't have much luck getting parts. She was turned down often  and was starting to lose hope. Sometime after she auditioned for the show, she assumed that she wasn’t going to get a role and decided that she was done with acting for good.She quit acting and her dream, and decided to start a different career path and go to law school.However, an hour later she got a call - her representative had called to say that she got a part in the show.For any show or movie, there are usually multiple actors who are considered for key roles. Most of the time, the first choice is not the actor who ends up taking the role.OITNB is no different. Taylor Schilling was not the first choice for Piper.Instead, it was Katie Holmes. Jenji Kohan had been a huge fan of her wok on Dawson’s Creek and thought she would be a perfect fit for the role.Holmes was even in talks with Kohan. However, ultimately she was too busy with other projects and couldn’t take the part.Perhaps this was for the better, as Schilling has taken ownership of the role and has embraced the role in a way that Holmes may not have been able too.Lauren Morelli, a writer for the show, had perhaps one of the most unique experiences behind the scenes of OITNB.She began writing for the show shortly after she married to her husband.During the two years that they were married, Morelli discovered that she was gay."Five months after my wedding, I flew to New York to start production on my first episode of Orange, and from that moment on, my life fell into a parallel rhythm with Piper's story in a way that went from interesting to terrifying in a matter of months," Morelli said.After she divorced her husband, she began dating Samira Wiley who plays Poussey Washington.The two wed in May of 2017 and Morelli has been enjoying her new life with Wiley ever since.Although the show is based on the real-life experience of Piper Kerman, it diverges far from the source material.For example, the real Alex Vause (Catherine Cleary Wolters), was not in the same prison as Piper. Though they were temporarily put in the same prison while they were on trail, they rarely saw each other.Despite what the show depicts, the two never had any intimate encounters in prison.Wolters also wanted to make it clear that she did not turn Kerman into a lesbian. “I was not Piper’s first, and I certainly did not [allure] her,” she said.While the show depicts an innocent Pipper who was brought into a world of crime and passion by accident, according to Wolters, Kerman knew exactly what she was doing.Piper Kerman had an interesting story to tell the world, and of course, many Hollywood producers were intrigued.Producers would meet with Kerman, trying to sell what they have done and how they would be the best person to take creative control of her story.However, Jenji Kohan took a different approach, though this was purely by accident.Instead of selling herself, Kohan just asked questions, as she wanted to know where the other prisoners were now and how certain things really played out.“Apparently, because I had all these questions and I was enthusiastic, that’s what made her say yes to me,” Kohan said.Her genuine interested in the story was what got her the rights and what has made OITNB the success it is today.Uzo Aduba is not only a fan-favorite - she is also a celebrated and award-winning actress due to her portrayal of the eccentric inmate.Crazy Eyes is a staple of the show and a definite stand out among the cast of characters.However, she was not originally meant to be a recurring character.“When I first got the job, I was only supposed to do two episodes, possibly a third and a chance of there being a fourth,” Aduba stated.After the producers saw how amazing she was on screen, though, they decided to promote her to a series regular and asked her back to film more episodes.“I sincerely thought they meant I was gonna get to do the third episode… No idea that we were going to continue on then for the rest of the season,” Aduba said.Kate Mulgrew portrays Red, the  group's prison mother and cook. She is fierce, loving, and distinctive - from her red hair to her thick Russian accent.However, she wasn’t originally supposed to have such a heavy accent.When Mulgrew first auditioned for the part, there was a small description of Galina “Red” Reznikov.“It was a tiny page and it said at the top, ‘Just a hint of a Russian accent. She’s been in America since she was 2,’” Mulgrew said. “That’s not at all what came into my mind. A real peasant came into my mind,” she stated.She made a creative choice for the character and has been sporting the Russian accent ever since.Although it has been claimed that the two episodes of OITNB that Laura Prepon directed were her directorial debut, this is false. She also directed a TV movie called Neighbors in 2011.However, the episodes she directed for OITNB were a more meaningful experience for her. It was a challenge to direct scenes while also acting in them.Describing what it was like, Prepon stated, "I’m wrapped on the floor with my legs and arms bound and with duct tape over my mouth, and I’m having to be Alex, but I’m watching Brad give Piscatella’s monologue and I’m also directing him."She continued: "While I’m sitting on the floor bound and gagged, I’m also in my head thinking, 'In the next take I want him to do this.'"Prepon probably learned a lot from the experience.In April of 2017, a hacker group known as Thedarkoverlord released 10 episodes of OITNB after a they failed to extort Netflix for money.Post-production company Larson Studios had been hacked in late 2016 and the hackers claimed that they had unaired shows from Netflix, ABC, Fox, National Geographic, and IFC.Netflix received a threat that stated that the hackers would release 10 episodes of the series two months earlier if they didn’t pay.However, Netflix chose to ignore the thread, allowing the group to release the episodes. Unfortunately for the hackers, they gained nothing from this and soon turned to other stations.There have been a few arrests in connection to the group, but otherwise little progress has been made to stop them.Alysia Reiner plays the morally dubious Natalie "Fig" Figueroa. Throughout the show, Fig is quick to dehumanize the inmates and always supports the prison system.However, nothing could be further from the truth in real life.Off screen, Reiner is an activist for prison reform and spends a lot of time working with the Women’s Prison Association.Reiner believes that her activism and participation in the show are connected, as the show tries to expose all of the issues that women in prison face daily.Reiner has also encouraged other cast members to volunteer with the WPA."I love what they do," stated Reiner. "As I've met more and more of the women they've impacted, I've realized what a gift it is to be part of this work."The opening credits for OITNB has become iconic. In it, Regina Spektor's “You’ve Got Time” plays as the faces of real former inmates are shown.The opening was designed by Thomas Cobb Group, who also created Homeland's opening sequence.Jenji Kohan wanted the credits to convey that the show was about many stories - not just Piper’s.“Thomas directed each woman to visualize in their mind three emotive thoughts: think of a peaceful place, think of a person who makes you laugh, and think of something that you want to forget. He apologized ahead of time for the last question but found it was incredibly effective in evoking a wide range of unfortunate memories,” Gary Bryman, executive producer at TCG, stated.Featured within the montage is the real Piper Kerman.Laundering money for a powerful substance dealer is what got both the real and fictional Piper Kerman into prison.In the show, Kubra Balik is the kingpin who Alex Vause works for. In real life, this person is Nigerian Senator, Buruji Kashamu.However, he has claimed that it is his brother, who he bears a resemblance with, that they should be searching for.When asked about Piper Kerman and the show, he stated: "I do not have time to see films or movies. There are more pressing and productive things for me to spend my time on. I do not know Piper Kerman and do not have any opinion of him."Kashamu has lawyers who are currently fighting to prove his innocence in Chicago.Even though the show has strayed far from her book, the real Piper Kerman remains involved in the creative process.“She gives notes, mostly about accuracy,” Jenji Kohan said of Kerman’s involvement. Although the show is more dramatic than the actual real-life events, Kohan still wants the show to be grounded.OITNB is more than just Kerman’s story, however. Instead, it is a way for Kohan to tell stories about other women.“We wanted to write stories about all sorts of women and their experiences…. it’s very hard to sell a show about women of different colors and different ages and different socioeconomic backgrounds,” Kohan said.With the help of Kerman’s real-life perspective, Kohan is able to tell these stories effectively.Laverne Cox has become a star due to her infamous role as a transgender woman in prison. She has become a voice of the transgender community.OITNB producers were struggling to find an actor to portray Cox before she transitioned when they discovered that she had a twin brother.“Our casting director found out that I have a twin brother, and she insisted that he should audition for the role,” Cox said.Originally, Cox wanted to play herself before the transition but was ultimately turned down by the episode director, Jodie Foster.Cox knew that if she was going to play the part of a man, she would have to “butch it up,” but she wasn’t able to convince Foster to let her have the role.“Jodie Foster didn’t think I looked masculine enough to play a guy,” she stated.For the most part, OITNB does not generally have villains in the traditional sense. However, there are a handful of characters in the show who are incredibly heinous and always put their own needs above anyone else's.Yvonne “Vee” Parker is, perhaps, one of the most cold-blooded villains on the show.However, actress Lorraine Toussaint did not know about this when she got the part.Toussaint only found out about this after speaking with Jenji Kohan 20 minutes before they were going to shot her first scene.“’Oh, by the way, she’s a sociopath.’ I said, ‘Huh? Really? Um…’ and she said, ‘Oh, yes, a bona-fide, complete and absolute sociopath.’ I thought, 'Oh! I wish I had known that! I might have thought twice about this,'” she stated.Toussaint wasn’t ready to play such an evil character, but she stuck to it and gave an incredible performance.A TV show based in prison can come with many challenges. In fact, one of the hardest is costumes.Since almost all of the characters have to where the same thing, costume designer Jennifer Rogien found this a challenge when she started working on the show.Rogien had to contemplate the lack of diverse clothing before she came up with some solutions.“In some cases, we followed the rules and regulations within prison, no alterations to the uniforms, which are real prison uniforms from prison suppliers. In other cases, we folded and rolled cuffs. Sometimes, there were a few actual alterations to the uniform that characters could have executed on their own,” Rogein said.This is how they were able to make subtle changes that would differentiate the characters from one another and help their personalities shine despite the fact that the characters all had to wear the same outfit.One of Red’s most loyal “family members” is her right-hand woman and best friend, Norma.As the former wife of a cult leader and a life-long mute, Norma’s only time speaking is when she sang “I Saw the Light” at a disastrous Christmas party.However, in real life, the actress who portrays Norma, Annie Goldon, is anything but quiet.In 1975, she joined a new wave punk band called The Shirts as the lead singer. Her band played at the iconic CBGB for a time.The band released several albums and eventually split in the '80s.Golden went on to have a solo career and pursue acting in theatre and television. Years later, the band got back together and released another album in the early 2000s.OITNB isn't known for being subtle. Though its intimate scenes are integrated into the show in a way that makes most of the cast comfortable, OITNB does require its cast to remove their clothes from time to time. In one intimate scene between Taylor Schilling and Laura Pepron, Schilling actually injured herself."I hurt myself," Schilling said. "I got very excited, I took my shirt off and I scratched myself with my little name tag… There was a gash on my face — there was blood.”They had to shut the set down for an hour to make sure that Schilling wasn’t seriously hurt and that they could cover up the cut to maintain the continuity.Schilling was understandably embarrassed by the situation, but she also saw the humor in it.OINTB deals with a lot of mature content, which makes it all the more surprising to discover that they film in the same studio as Sesame Street, the most wholesome show on television.Danielle Brooks, who portrays "Taystee," has tried to sneak on set to know avail. "It's good energy down there! I haven't seen any puppets yet — just their images on the walls," she said.It is also the same studio that filmed Nurse Jackie and housed The Cosby Show. If walls could talk, we're certain that this studio would have some crazy stories.To make the connection even stronger, Sesame Street was able to pull of an OITNB parody that taught kids about oranges and finished with “Piper Snackman” ending up in the SHU, which was just a giant shoe.In order to make a compelling and authentic show, actors and crew members must be able to strongly relate to the project.To capture the feel of prison, all of the inmates on the show wear real prison undergarments, even if we never see them take their clothes off.Taryn Manning, who portrays Tiffany "Pennsatucky" Doggett, spoke about what it was like wearing “court ordered granny panties” on the show.“They’re authentic, yeah. And then, they’re almost like sports bras," Manning said.She continued: “But it’s fine, it gets you more into character, you’re just, like, getting this big old underwear on, and all. That’s funny.”---Do you know any other secrets behind the making of Orange is the New Black? Sound off in the comments!
Tags:
orange is the new black
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
If you grew up during the 1990s and early 2000s, then you remember how popular all those old Disney Channel original movies and TV shows were, especially if you were among the majority of the youth back then that found those cheesy, dorky films and sitcoms the highlight of your after school hours. Looking back at the young actors that helped make those Disney originals so popular, it can be hard to imagine them as anything other than the adolescent and sometimes awkward pre-teens that they embodied.Like all young kids, of course, they grew up. Some moved on to further their careers in Hollywood, while others faded out of the limelight. And like everyone else in this world, some aged with distinguished beauty, while others retained their youthful appearance. We all had our favorite Disney shows and movies, and while we remember them fondly, sometimes we tend to overlook the kid actors, and to see them in today's world can give us a shock at how truly attractive they have become over the years. Some of these names and faces might surprise you, though those that never actually left the spotlight probably won't.So without further ado, here's our list of the 20 Disney Kids That Grew Up And Became Hot AF.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewMost child actors in Hollywood begin their careers doing a list of guest appearances on a wide range of shows. However, for Chloe Grace Moretz, although she did start with a role in two episodes of CBS's The Guardian, her real first big impressions were made on the big screen. Her starting roles began with Heart of The Beholder as Molly and alongside Ryan Reynolds in the 2005 remake of The Amityville Horror. After a respectable amount of success with her initial acting roles, Chloe landed a spot on the Disney animated series My Friends Tigger & Pooh, as Darby. Yep, she's a Disney kid, folks.Following these roles, she shocked Hollywood with a lead role as Hit-Girl in Matthew Vaughn's film adaptation of the graphic novel series, Kick-Ass. As the years passed, the now-20-year-old has developed not only an actress, producer, and model, but also as an activist. In that time, the once adorable young girl has grown into one of the most beautiful celebrities in Hollywood.READ MORE: THE BEST DISNEY SOUNDTRACKS OF ALL TIMEProbably one of the more obvious choices for this list is one of the more popular of Disney celebs, Nick Jonas. The youngest Jonas bro is a songwriter, singer, producer, and actor, all stemming from his early start with his brothers in their first band, The Jonas Brothers, which became an instant attraction for millions of young girls in the mid to late 2000s.Outside of their early music careers, Nick and his two older brothers’ guest starred on Hannah Montana in the episode "Me and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas". The success of the episode eventually spurred them onto their very own Disney Channel series, Jonas Brothers: Living the Dream. From there, they continued doing works with other young Disney sensations such as Demi Lovato, Miley Cyrus, and Selena Gomez, among others, until they decided it was time to focus on their solo careers. It's not hard to picture the adorable young boys, especially Nick, growing up to be handsome men. The picture above helps, in case you lack imagination.Zac Efron has been possibly one of the biggest successes of all the young child actors that grew up working with Disney. Making his film debut with the lead role of Troy Bolton in High School Musical, he instantly captivated the hearts of teens around the world with his good looks and impressive singing abilities. A trendsetter for young boys, it became quite common to see guys growing up in the 2000s to adopt the Troy Bolton hairdo as their own.Since his days of starring in Disney musicals, Efron has polished off quite an impressive resume, which sports films such as 17 Again, Charlie St. Cloud, Neighbors 1 and 2, and, most recently, the Baywatch reboot. Luckily for him, he has only gotten better looking with time, and his hard work at the gym is definitely evident. He even landed an MTV Movie Award in 2015 for "Best Abs on Film".Selena Gomez had quite the early start with Disney, kicking off with a small role in Spy Kids 3: Game Over, and making small guest appearances in shows such as The Suite Life of Zack & Cody and Hannah Montana. Eventually, with enough experience under her belt, she landed the lead in the show that made her a star, the Disney Channel series Wizards of Waverly Place. She continued to make guest appearances on other Disney Channel shows as well, and eventually expanded her skill set to beyond acting when she signed her first recording contract with Hollywood Records.While she wrapped up her roles on the Disney Channel with original movies, she switched gears and began to focus her career more on singing when she formed her pop-rock band. As time passed, she decided to focus more on her solo career, being a jack-of-all-trades sort of performer as she took on more serious acting roles and began recording solo albums. Currently, along with all the above, she has also become a producer as well as a model for publications such as Vogue, Elle, Cosmopolitan, Marie Claire, and many others.Ryan Gosling. If you haven't heard the name then you probably have never heard of Hollywood. Starting his career on The All-New Mickey Mouse Club back in the 1990s alongside big names such as Justin Timberlake and Britney Spears, Gosling has turned into one of the biggest hunks of his time. His breakout role as an adult (and the one that won over the hearts of pretty much every woman alive) came when he played Noah in The Notebook. His hopeless romantic performance will remain one of the hallmarks of his acting career.One of the no doubt, hands down examples of a Disney kid who became hot AF, Ryan Gosling has proved he can not only shine in any role he chooses, but he's got some modeling chops as well (clearly). What makes him even more appealing is his humble attitude, not only towards his career, but to his blatant good looks -- an outlook which was made clear when he turned down People's Sexiest Alive award in 2011.Paralleling the rising career of her former real-life bestie, Selena Gomez, Demi Lovato started alongside her in her first on-screen acting job on Barney & Friends. It's almost freaky how alike the two women's careers have proven to be, both moving on from Barney to take star-making roles in Disney Channel original movies, both signing recording contracts with Hollywood Records, and both acquiring lead roles in their own Disney Channel TV series. While Lovato isn't quite the major name that Gomez is these days, she has certainly blossomed into quite the beautiful young woman, and she's become quite a success on and off screen.You may remember the now-24-year-old best from her lead role as Sonny from the Disney Channel series Sonny With A Chance, where she played an eccentric but sweet young actress who also landed her own spot on a TV show. More recently, Lovato has become a pop sensation in the musical world, and she's also become a dedicated activist, trying to be a positive voice for people with ongoing personal struggles.When people think of famous boy bands, two big names come to mind: N'Sync and Backstreet Boys. Setting a precedent for modern day boy bands, Justin Timberlake and his band-mates had concert halls and arenas full of guys and gals of all ages screaming for them. For some people, that is the earliest memory they have of the young artist, but those of us who are a bit older remember his first on-screen job as a Mouseketeer in the 1990s on The All-New Mickey Mouse Club. Alongside young celebrities such as Christina Aguilera, Ryan Gosling, Keri Russell, and Britney Spears, it wasn't easy for one to stand out amongst all the young talent, and it wasn't until his teen and twenties that Timberlake truly began to make a name for himself.These days, we see more of his acting career taking fruition, since N'Sync disbanded back in the early 2000s, but we have seen that he isn't afraid to use the pipes that helped him rise to fame in his films. His good looks never faded, winning him awards such as the People's 2015 Sexiest New Dad and #1 in Company Magazine's Top 20 Sexiest Men of 2003.Oh, and his career as a solo artist went okay, we guess.A name not everybody will remember is the actor who played Twitty, Shia LaBeouf's character Louis' best friend on the hit Disney Channel series, Even Stevens. Also providing the voice for Josh Mankey on the animated Disney series, Kim Possible, A.J. Trauth doesn't quite sport the resume of most of the people on this list, but he's definitely turned into quite a hunk in Hollywood.Trauth has made guest appearances on a variety of TV shows since his days at Disney, most notably in shows like House, Numb3rs, 7th Heaven, and Rules of Engagement. Overall, the 30-year-old has kept his career pretty low-key, and he hasn't had any big roles since his time with the House of Mouse. After getting married to actress/singer Leah Pipes in November 2014, he's stated that the plans to focus on his family. For being such a laid back, goofball of a kid, he sure has turned into quite the handsome husband, that's for sure.Zendaya Coleman, known professionally as Zendaya, is another great example of a Disney kid who grew up to become flat-out gorgeous. Starting her career with the main role as Rocky Blue on Disney's Shake It Up, she eventually expanded her career to singing as well as making various guest appearances on popular TV shows. She also did her fair share of modeling, while also appearing in advertisements for iCarly's toy ads and the popular Kidz Bop accessories.Her work with Disney continued with another major role in K.C. Undercover, but when we look back in 20 years, her true claim to fame may well prove to be her work as Michelle (who totally doesn't go by any other name) in Marvel's Spider-Man: Homecoming. The 20-year-old has slowly but surely taking over the limelight of young, upcoming stars, and with a bright MCU future ahead, we'll be seeing a lot more of her in the coming years.Everybody remembers the young, spastic boy that played the infamous Louis Stevens from Disney Channel's popular series, Even Stevens. The curly haired whirlwind took viewers by surprise with his boyish charm, and he made the world his stage after finishing the show as well as a spin-off movie. Taking on big projects such as Holes, Disturbia and Transformers, LaBeouf quickly made a name for himself while he developed a hyper-successful early career.Despite his good looks (and recently ripped physique), what makes Shia attractive are the genuine, real performances he has given, as well as the extremely challenging and sometimes controversial roles he has undertaken. Some may say that's what has led to his extreme and sometimes dark personal life, but the man has indisputably transformed himself from the dorky, curly haired nutball we all know and love as Louis into the man that he is today.Look up the definition of sweetheart and you very well may find a picture of Vanessa Hudgens. She got her start alongside Disney sensation Zac Efron in High School Musical, and together, the two could be considered Disney's first 'dream couple'. Besides her singing and acting on film, Hudgens is quite the accomplished stage actress, performing in plays such as Cinderella, The Wizard of Oz, and The King and I.Taking a step back from her accomplished singing career, she began to pursue roles in movies, most definitely showing her physical beauty alongside Selena Gomez and Ashley Benson in Spring Breakers. The scandalous film's modest success banked heavily on the fact that it had these three beautiful women running around Daytona Beach in bikinis, but Hudgens fans weren't complaining. They probably weren't too happy to see her starring in the recently cancelled NBC series Powerless, though.Born in the Netherlands, Anneliese van der Pol has a unique backstory compared to most Disney Channel celebrities. At a young age, her start began with theater, when she won a Bobbi Award in 1999 for Best Actress in a Musical. Following that, she received positive reviews from the Los Angeles Times for her performance as Eva Peron in a production of Evita, making her the youngest actress in theatrical history to play the role professionally.Not only did this success lead her to her working relationship with Disney Channel, but it also paved the way for her expansion into recording music, as well as opened the door for her to begin performing on Broadway. More recently, Anneliese has been signed to be a part of a That's So Raven! spin-off called Raven's Home, alongside former co-star Raven Simone. The series is scheduled to premiere July 21, 2017.Singer. Humanitarian. Philanthropist. Probably the only accomplished actress running around Tinseltown with a degree in Anthropology, Bridgit Mendler is quite the unique celebrity. Starting her career with an animated Indian film, The Legend of Buddha, she eventually found her way to working with Disney, landing small roles here and there until she finally landed her first big one on Good Luck Charlie. Not only was she an adorable young lady, but she maintained a great reputation throughout Hollywood with her integrity and high sense of morals.Forbes Women chose her as one of the ten hottest young female artists in 2013, proving to the world that she is the total package; beauty and brains. To this day, she continues her humanitarian work, as well as her acting roles, starring in a new Netflix film, Who Do You Think Would Win?Who doesn't remember the nerdy but hilarious Zeke? Whether he was talking in his "alien speak" or doing his thing on the cheer squad, Zeke was always a character that could be relied on to help lighten the mood in Wizards of Waverly Place. Surprisingly enough, he actually had his start in the industry doing guest appearances on Disney and Nickelodeon shows like Zoey 101, Phil of the Future, and Drake and Josh.He's been relatively quite acting-wise since his days at Disney, only appearing in a few movies here and there, having seemingly decided to stick to small time TV appearances. Nonetheless, Dan has evolved over the years from a geeky teen into quite a handsome man. He recently wrapped up production on his latest supporting role in Killing Diaz, which is currently without a release date.Rising to fame with her debut single, "Candy", Mandy Moore has made quite a name for herself over the years. She toured the country with pop boy bands such as N'Sync and Backstreet Boys in the late 1990s, opening up a doorway for her to release multiple albums with both Gold and Platinum certifications. With her amazing talent and clearly recognizable good looks, she won over the hearts of many young fans of the era.On top of a wildly successful music career, Moore continued that success with a supporting role in Disney's The Princess Diaries before breaking out with a headlining role in Nicholas Sparks' film adaptation of A Walk To Remember. After the success of these two films, she continued her career balancing both acting and singing. These days, the 33-year-old continues to have great success in her life, and she currently stars in the smash hit NBC series, This Is Us. Playing a struggling young mother, Moore's hard work was rewarded with a Golden Globe nomination for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television.Brenda Song was always an adorable young girl, starting her career as a child fashion model. She continued that line of work as well as small TV appearances during the late '90s until she finally signed a contract with Disney Channel. She starred in a few Disney Channel originals, in addition to roles in shows like Stuck In The Suburbs, and not long after, she landed the lead female role in both The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, and later, The Suite Life On Deck.After her time playing London, she moved onto more demanding roles in movies and TV shows such as The Social Network, New Girl on Fox, and ABC's Scandal. She has also been a great role model for young girls everywhere, being labeled by Time Magazine as one of three Disney Starlets who never became a victim of the party girl scene. She was also named the "Queen of Disney" in 2006 by Cosmogirl Magazine.Keke Palmer began her acting career with a supporting role in Barbershop 2: Back in Business, playing Queen Latifah's niece. After the success of her role, she moved to California, where she began to pursue more opportunities in Hollywood. Eventually signing a contract with Atlantic Records and Disney, she had a rough start, landing several acting jobs in projects that were eventually canceled. She persevered, and not long after, she scored a big role in a Disney Channel original movie, Jump In!After more small roles on TV and film, as well as releasing her debut album So Uncool, she received a starring role on Nickelodeon as True Jackson in True Jackson, VP. She ended up expanding her career to even hosting her own daytime talk show, Just Keke, on BET. To this day, she continues her acting career on the big and small screens alike.Another one of those early 1990s celebs that grew up around The All-New Mickey Mouse Club, Keri Russell is definitely up there on the list of most accomplished actresses in Hollywood. Racking up awards varying from Golden Globes, Satellite Awards, and Teen Choice Awards, Russell has made a huge impact on the film and television industry.Like many others on our list, her skills extend well beyond the realm of acting, given her abilities in dance as well as modeling. Modern fans of the small screen have taken notice of her standout work in the critically acclaimed FX series, The Americans, and she continues her work in film as well, most recently in the 2016 success of Free State of Jones and before that, Dawn of The Planet of The Apes. Take one look at the successful celebrity now, and it's easy to understand why she's mentioned here; she's proven time and again that she's not only intelligent and driven, but timelessly gorgeous as well.Aly Michalka may not necessarily be a household name, but she is without question another example of a young Disney star that's turned into a prominent, sexy woman of Hollywood. She began acting for the Disney Channel with a supporting role on Phil of the Future as Keely, Phil's best friend and eventual girlfriend. After a few seasons, she went on to pursue original movies, some of which she starred in alongside her younger sister AJ. Together, the two formed a musical duo in 2004, Aly and AJ.Over the years, she has been nominated for a few awards for both singing and acting, racking up nods at the Teen Choice Awards, American Music Awards, and Young Artists Awards. Michalka continues to act to this day, in some settings not being afraid to show off the gorgeous body she has grown into over the years. You can currently catch her co-starring in iZombie over on The CW.Possibly one of the most iconic and gorgeous Disney kids of all time is none other than Jennifer Love-Hewitt. If you grew up during the late 1990s or early 2000s, there's a decent chance that you had a poster of her in your room. Actress, singer, model, director; the woman has done it all, and she continues to topple celebrities in Hollywood to this day, not only with her work ethic and resume, but with her physical beauty.As she grew up, she continued her work with Disney, doing voice-overs for animated films such as The Hunchback of Notre Dame II and The Adventures of Tom Thumb and Thumbelina. She definitely began to show the world she wasn't a kid anymore when she headlined the teen horror franchise I Know What You Did Last Summer, and she's gone on to a solid career in the years since her scream queen days. She will without a doubt go down in history as one of the hottest women to emerge from the Disney Channel.
Tags:
disney
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Video games open themselves up to far more fan theories than movies and TV shows, simply because of their nature. Their huge open worlds offer plenty of opportunities to the game’s developers to slip in an Easter egg or a hidden message. And because they’re so hard to find, it can take years for a fan theory to surface. Gamers are still discovering new Easter eggs in Skyrim and the GTA games to this day.In some cases, these fan theories aren’t based on something that was intentionally included by the creators to stir up the fan base (unless they wanted to be very, very tongue-in-cheek). Sometimes it’s just a tiny object someone found in a river bank that they’ve convinced themselves has ties to the end of the world. Or an off-cuff remark that can barely be heard in off-screen chatter is thought to allude to the heroes of the story actually being the villains. Some theories connect various different games created by the same developer together into a shared universeThere are a lot of video game fan theories that have no merit – but there are just as many that have a lot of merits. Some theorists seem like they’re onto something. heSo, here are 20 Fan Theories That Completely Change These Iconic Video Games.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThis fan theory makes one of the most chilling survival horror games ever made even more chilling. In the game, James drives up to Silent Hill and is confronted with the repressed memory of murdering his wife, Mary. While a bunch of spectral projections of James’ guilt appears before him, he never actually sees her corpse.The theory is that the corpse was in the trunk of James’ car the whole time, and he put it there as a dark way of fulfilling her final wish of returning to Silent Hill. Plus, when he drives his car into a lake to take his life, he comments that it means he and his wife can now be together forever.In the fifth level of Kirby 64, titled “Shiver Star,” the title character visits a gray, desolate planet that appears to have been completely destroyed. But upon closer inspection, it seems as though the “Shiver Star” planet has the same continents and oceans as Earth.And then when Kirby goes down onto the surface, he discovers a shopping mall and a factory and a bunch of working robots – as well as no signs of human life. So, this fan theory believes that in this moment, Kirby is visiting a post-apocalyptic Earth. Humans had been taken out from either a new ice age, a nuclear holocaust, or a robot uprising. Frightening stuff for what is supposed to be a wholesome, child-friendly game.It’s generally accepted by the fans of Half-Life that the G-Man is not a human. Some of them are happy to accept that they will never know his true identity and they like that – it makes him more mysterious. However, other fans have a more specific theory that he’s an alien, with one Redditor describing him as “some H.P. Lovecraft-esque being.”The G-Man is a little like the Smoking Man in The X Files. You’re not supposed to know much about this “sinister interdimensional bureaucrat.” Even the information you do get about him is meant to be taken with a grain of salt, so perhaps theorizing about his identity is pointless.Since the Undead Nightmare expansion pack of Red Dead Redemption doesn’t seem to line up anywhere on the timeline of the game’s plot, one fan has suggested that maybe it takes place after the end of the game – in purgatory.When John Marston passed away at the end of Red Dead Redemption, he hadn’t quite achieved the redemption he wanted to, but he was on his way, so it would make sense that it might take the deciding powers a long time to judge where he would end up in the afterlife. That’s how he ends up in a skewed version of the environment he lived in, albeit filled with hordes of the undead.At the beginning of the seemingly innocent children’s game Animal Crossing, the player wakes up on an unfamiliar bus heading to a mysterious, unfamiliar village. There, they begin a quaint new life. One fan found this setup to be rather unusual and theorized that a creepy cult is kidnapping people, drugging them, and sending them on their way into town to create their vision of an idyllic utopia.It’s exactly the kind of dark, sinister deeper meaning that one might slip into a harmless kids’ story, because it would go completely undetected by the game’s target audience of children and make developing it more fun for the adult creative team.God of War was one of the most beautifully rendered and brilliantly plotted games of 2018, but one moment stuck out as a plot hole. The World Serpent is shown to recognize Atreus – who is later revealed to be Loki – despite the two supposedly having never met before. However, maybe this isn’t a mere plot hole, but rather an indication of wider story development.One fan theory has it that this is because the World Serpent was sent back in time to before he was born, which would explain how he “just kind of showed up” and why he recognized Atreus/Loki. In the mythology, Loki is the World Serpent’s father, so he was simply confronting his own dad.Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater is one of the most highly acclaimed games ever made. Slant, GamesRadar, and IGN all rank it among the greatest video games of all time. But this fan theory suggests that the whole game is nothing more than a VR simulation of real-life events, sort of like the Animus in Assassin’s Creed.Early in the game, the phrase “Virtuous Mission” is misheard as “virtual mission.” If you eliminate Ocelot, who needs to remain alive for his inclusion in future games, then you get told off – not for failing the mission, but for creating a “time paradox.” The problem with ending Ocelot isn’t that you compromised the mission – it’s that you broke the simulation.There are plenty of fan theories about the Grand Theft Auto universe. One suggests every game is just a mega-budget Hollywood movie being produced as you play. Another suggests that due to every minute being a second long, the nature of GTA time means you’re never speeding, but rather moving really slowly. Another suggests the violent mentality of GTA characters comes from being stuck on an island, since island nations like Britain and Japan are historically more vicious.This fan theory suggests that insurance companies in the GTA universe are monitoring everybody’s vital signs and locations. So, if someone is shot or hit by a car, then they can send police cars and ambulances to the location straight away. That’s why players get an automatic one-star police rating the second they take out or injure someone.Super Mario 3 is a widely beloved video game, but there’s something about its design that’s kind of strange. The backdrops seem bolted to the wall and all the shrubs and mushrooms in the foreground have a weird shadow that makes the sky look like it’s actually a board painted blue and the objects themselves seem 2D.Plus, a curtain is drawn at the beginning of the game and Mario exits the stage at the end of every level. So, one theory has it that the whole game is actually a stage play being put on by Mario and his friends. Mario creator Sugeru Miyamoto actually confirmed this theory in a YouTube video.In the Pokémon world, the only adult males are scientists or the odd soldier. One fan believes this is because, right before we were invited to join the Pokémon world, there was a devastating war that wiped out most of the men in the world. It’s also why the player’s father is missing and their rival is an orphan.This theory seems to be confirmed by this off-cuff remark by Lt. Surge: “Electric Pokémon saved during me the war!” It would make sense that Pokémon were used during the war, since the government would be looking to weaponize any and all technologies at their disposal – including little magical creatures kept in tiny balls.This surprising and widely circulated theory claims that the Guardians are actually the Darkness. Apparently, if you get close enough to hear Fallen Dregs’ chatter and get spotted, they can be heard yelling out, “It’s the Darkness!” Players have been curious about the Darkness ever since the game came out – but maybe the identity of the Darkness has eluded them for so long because they are the Darkness!The theory has been further fueled by players who have noticed the disturbing nature of the instructions the game often gives them, including such violent words as “slaughter” and “decimate.” The Guardians go by villain-y titles like Hunters and Warlocks, while their enemies have more heroic-sounding titles like Wizards and Knights.In FromSoftware’s critically acclaimed action RPG Bloodborne, players have to drink vials of blood in order to heal their wounds. One fan theory is that the blood comes from a very special place, based on the fact that these vials are handed out by women, older women don’t have them, and one character stops handing them out when she gets pregnant.The theory is bolstered by the links to fertility and the giving of life – and the fact that pieces of umbilical cord are also eaten in the game. The game is all about blood and the powers it has, so surely the producers wouldn’t overlook one of the blood’s most important roles in the female anatomy.In this beautifully rendered, yet very depressing and bleak game, a young boy wanders around a state of limbo and faces the horrors of being alive and what happens in the afterlife. But the game never explains why he’s there in the first place, leading the player to blindly assume the boy they’re controlling is the story’s protagonist. But what if he’s not?One fan theory suggests that he might be in limbo because he eliminated his sister. This would explain why he’s in purgatory awaiting judgment and why all the other kids in there are afraid of him. So, the boy is really the villain and the spider boss that tries to restrain him is more of a heroic figure.There’s a lot of evidence to support the fan theory that Anders Detling, the ex-cop that Max Payne meets in his third outing – the one where Rockstar took over development, which was met with a mixed response from the gaming community – was never really there.Whether he’s a ghost or just a figment of Max’s imagination, he’s certainly not the mild-mannered family man, alive and well, that we’re led to believe he is. There’s one firefight during which Anders hides in a toilet stall – after the fight, he’s nowhere to be seen. Plus, it’s no coincidence that he’s like a parallel universe version of Max who leads a normal life and whose family survived.The Legend of Zelda: Majora’s Mask is widely accepted as one of the greatest games ever made, but it’s also accepted as one of the weirdest. One fan theory claims to explain some of the stranger plot twists by lining them up with the five stages of grief and presenting the whole game as a metaphor.The first stage is denial – the residents of Clock Town refuse to accept that the moon is hurtling towards them. The second stage is anger, which the Deku King takes out on an innocent monkey. The third stage is bargaining – in Snowhead, a Goron hero attempts to persuade Link to resurrect him. The fourth stage is depression, shown by the Zoran Lulu in the Great Bay. The fifth stage is acceptance – at the end of the game, Link comes to terms with his flaws and lets the masks go.It’s difficult closing out a trilogy with a satisfying ending. For every The Lord of the Rings, there are a dozen Spider-Man 3s. Mass Effect 3 was acclaimed for everything – the gameplay, the story, the voice acting, the visuals – except the ending. So, this theory was one of many concocted by fans who were disappointed by Mass Effect 3’s bummer ending. They wanted there to be more meaning to the ending, so they made it up.This one theory could be true, as it suggests that the ending didn’t really happen. We’re not supposed to take it literally – it just represents Commander Shepard losing the battle against the Reapers’ brainwashing. The theory is that this indoctrination began when Shepard was exposed to some Reaper energy earlier in the game and the game ended when he succumbed to it.Whenever a player in an Assassin’s Creed game takes out a target, the Animus simulation does this weird thing where it freezes and they have an extended conversation with the target as they die. While the game has never explained this unusual part of the Animus technology, one fan theory claims to explain it.It suggests the Animus fabricates those conversations to help ease the psychological trauma that might come from being digitally transplanted into the shoes of your murderous ancestors as they commit their crimes. Without those fabricated conversations providing closure, Animus users might have a breakdown or not be able to handle the blood on their digitally recreated hands.There’s a fan theory that Michael, Franklin, and Trevor – the three controllable characters from Grand Theft Auto V – are all descendants of Red Dead Redemption’s lead character John Marston. The theory is based on the timeline of the two games, with Red Dead being set in 1911 and GTA V being set in the present day, allowing a couple of generations to place Michael, Franklin, and Trevor in different social circles and families.Plus, there’s plenty of evidence of a shared Rockstar universe, and Michael, Franklin, and Trevor each embody one of John’s character traits. Like Michael, John is a family man who wants to reconnect with his family. Like Franklin, John wants to lead a better life and escape his cultural trappings. And like Trevor, John is tough, aggressive, and merciless. Maybe this theory isn’t as far-fetched as it seems.This fan theory might be grasping at straws, but there’s a lot of evidence there. At certain points in the Skyrim map, five jars can be found containing bugs. The jars contain a bee, a butterfly, a dragonfly, a moth, and a torchbug. The jars have inscriptions that translate roughly into the names of five major cities in the game’s world – and their locations on the map create a perfect pentagon.So, the theory goes that this is a cultist thing and these jars have something to do with a ritual that will trigger the apocalypse and end the world. Since the world of Skyrim is so impossibly huge, all these years later, gamers are still discovering new things in it, so there could be more evidence to come.This common belief about the beloved gaming icon is based on a few factors. He wears all red. He has the mustache of notorious communist leader Joseph Stalin. His hat looks just like a Soviet military cap. He takes down flags with symbols of peace on them and replaces them with flags bearing the red star of communism.His weapon of choice is a hammer (no sickle to go with it, but still). The colorful mushrooms he eats to power up look exactly like the ones that grow in Siberia. He’s a plumber, an everyday working man. He overthrows monarchs, which is part of what communism is all about. His enemy, Wario, represents greedy, cash-hoarding capitalists looking out for their own interests.---Do you have any theories about these video games? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Here's 20 examples of the Marvel Cinematic Universe tricking fans with fake character deaths. Over the last 11 years of movies, Marvel Studios has slowly assembled a vast universe of characters all weaved together in one overarching story. It has all been leading to the arrival of Thanos (Josh Brolin) and seeing if the Avengers can stop him. Unfortunately for half of the people in the MCU, the divided heroes couldn't prevent Thanos from using the Infinity Stones in Avengers: Infinity War to kill them with the snap of his fingers.This finale for Infinity War left many audiences shocked as they saw future MCU leads like Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman), Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch), Spider-Man (Tom Holland), and Star-Lord (Chris Pratt) vanish. However, with all of these characters set to star in sequels to their own films, it is largely expected that Marvel Studios will once again reverse the losses by the time Avengers: Endgame concludes.Related: Avengers: Endgame Theory - Thanos Will Undo The Snap HimselfIf they do, it will be just one of many times Marvel's pulled the rug out from under fans to show that characters aren't actually dead. Screen Rant's latest video dedicated to the MCU takes a look at 20 different times that Marvel's undone what appeared to be major deaths. They've been doing it almost since the beginning and now appear primed to do so again in Avengers: Endgame. The whole list can be seen in the featured video at the top of this post.Some of Marvel's trickery mentioned here isn't as bad as the rest, while others can be attributed to them following the comics or even not being entirely sure on what the character's future will be. Captain America and Bucky's apparent deaths in Captain America: The First Avenger are two of the easiest to accept, as it allowed them both to be transported to the modern age and having to adjust to their new lives. Loki's many faked deaths weren't always the plan though, as Marvel kept bringing him back to life based on the fan response to Tom Hiddleston's portrayal.However, it is Coulson's resurrection for Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. that is the biggest switch Marvel's pulled, so far. If the studio does bring back all the fallen heroes in Avengers: Endgame as expected, it will be their largest trick yet. As much flack as they may receive based on this decision, they may attempt to circumvent such criticism by killing off some of the original Avengers members for good. We'll have to wait and see how exactly they handle this decision in Endgame though.MORE: That Better Not Be Kate Bishop In The Avengers: Endgame Trailer
Tags:
the avengers,
the avengers 3,
agents of shield,
the avengers 4,
MCU
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Given the fact that the majority of the first three or four years of Shameless are supposed to take place within a fairly tight timeline (roughly 2 - 4 years), it's fair that the filmmakers have kept Liam so young. But after time started to move more quickly, it's hard tounderstand why Liam just didn't age.In fact, he didn't really start to age until season 7, when the filmmakers stopped using young sets of twins and hired a slightly older actor, Cristian Isaiah. This was a welcome change since Isaiah is such an engaging actor, but it did bring up more issues surrounding the true age of the character. Liam's strange aging process tended to stand out against his older siblings, who aged far more traditionally.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
March 10 marks the 20th anniversary of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The celebrated series launched on what was then The WB (now The CW) as a mid-season replacement, beginning with a truncated 12-episode first season. The series was a surprise hit for its fledgling network, and remained popular for four more seasons on The WB and two on UPN.But Buffy's legacy is not just seven seasons of quality television. The series aired the last of its 144 episodes in 2003, and even though 14 years have passed since then, the Slayer and her friends are still as popular as ever.That kind of longevity is very rare in pop culture. Few entertainment properties hit the zeitgeist in just the right way to become beloved during their time and cherished long after. How did Buffy do it?These are 20 Reasons Buffy Is Still Going Strong On Its 20th Anniversary.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewJoss Whedon is one of the biggest names in Hollywood now, thanks in large part to the massive success of the first two Avengers films, which he wrote and directed. But prior to those Marvel Studios films, the sole film directing credit on his CV was 2005's Serenity, a big-screen continuation of his beloved (and infamously cancelled) Firefly series. Because of that, his ascension to the filmmaking A-list was a surprise to some, but not to fans of a certain show he created in 1997.Whedon has often said he considered Buffy a form of film school, where he honed his skills at writing, directing and producing. His years spent guiding the team that brought the Slayer's world to life made him the perfect choice for Marvel's big films years later.As creative as Whedon is, though, he couldn't do it alone. On Buffy, he surrounded himself with some of the best television writers around, like David Fury, Jane Espenson, Marti Noxon, Doug Petrie, Steven S. DeKnight, Drew Goddard and more. Many of them have gone on to create and run their own popular shows and films: just one way Buffy (and Joss) keeps giving back.There are a lot of reasons why Buffy was (and remains) such a popular show, and we'll explore a lot of them in this list. But one thing stood out right from the beginning, and that was the unique blend of genres that Whedon and his Mutant Enemy team employed. By mixing elements of action, comedy and horror together, they crafted a series that was unlike anything else on television at the time. It's a formula that became very popular, and 20 years later, despite legions of imitators, it's safe to say nobody has done it better.From the very first episode, it was clear that BTVS was something new and different. The characters spoke in what would become Whedon's trademark banter, a memorable stream of pop culture references, zingers and self-deprecating wisecracks.For all the laughs, though, the series never lost sight of the action and horror elements as well. Action was a guarantee in every episode, with Buffy and her friends slaying vampires and other demons. Horror occasionally got short shrift, but creepy villains like The Master, Angelus and The Gentlemen ensured that scares were never too far away.Right out of the gate, BTVS boasted an ingenious premise that almost anyone could appreciate: "high school is Hell." In its early seasons, the series focused on Buffy and her friends trying to survive the standard ordeals of high school, all while dealing with the added pressures of the demonic forces arrayed against them.Here in the real world, we don't know what it's like to be the one chosen individual destined to fight immortal and powerful monsters. But we've all been to high school, and we know how much it can suck. The characters on Buffy faced dilemmas we could all understand: they struggled with first love, bad grades, indifferent or hostile peers. In the Slayer's world, these familiar issues just happened to be heightened. Buffy's boyfriend didn't just change after she slept with him for the first time, he actually lost his soul. The teacher Xander had a crush on turned out to be a giant praying mantis. Willow experimented first with witchcraft, and later with her sexuality.When you're in high school, it really can feel like your problems are apocalyptic in scale. For Buffy and her friends, that was actually true.Every story needs a great setting, and the fictional city of Sunnydale, California is one of the most memorable settings in recent television history. Conceived as an analogue of your average mid-sized American city, Sunnydale was immediately recognizable to most if not all of the show's target audience.The key element of Sunnydale's backstory, of course, was the presence of a "Hellmouth". A portal to the demon dimensions that drew all forms of evil to it, the Hellmouth was arguably the most important piece of world building the series ever did. "Why do so many vampires and demons turn up in Sunnydale of all places?" a viewer might ask. "Because of the Hellmouth!" Simple.Much of the series was shot in studios, of course, from the main street of Sunnydale to the high school interiors. But intrepid fans can visit a number of the exterior shooting locations. Torrance High School in Torrance, California has been seen in many TV shows and films, and many of Buffy's most memorable scenes were filmed on its grounds. Elsewhere in Torrance is the Iowa Courthouse Building, which served as Sunnydale City Hall on the show.Getting the casting right is critical for a television series. Buffy nailed its casting in the first season, and more talented performers would join the ranks in later years.As Buffy herself, Sarah Michelle Gellar played a huge part in the show's success, so we'll talk more about her later. But even though the show was named after Buffy, it wasn't all about the Slayer. Nicholas Brendon and Alyson Hannigan were perfectly chosen as Buffy's best friends, Xander and Willow, and remained crucial to the series throughout its entire run. Anthony Stewart Head brought warmth, charm and a surprising dark side to Buffy's stuffy guardian, the Watcher Rupert Giles. Charisma Carpenter was perfect for high school nemesis Cordelia. David Boreanaz was so good as the mysterious Angel that he eventually earned his own series.Later additions to the main cast were just as well chosen, from Seth Green as werewolf Oz and Emma Caulfield as the former vengeance demon Anya to Amber Benson as Willow's girlfriend Tara and James Marsters as Spike, the second vampire to capture Buffy's heart.The show attracted terrific performers for its villains too, from Mark Metcalf as The Master to Harry Groener as The Mayor.With Buffy's terrific cast and Joss Whedon's team of writers working in concert, it's no surprise that the series produced a number of beloved characters.Buffy herself was chief among those characters, of course. As the Slayer, she was powerful but not perfect, and often acted in selfish and immature ways: just like any teenager or young adult would. But her bravery and compassion never wavered, and the character still stands as one of pop culture's best examples of female strength and empowerment.There are far too many great characters to mention them all, but we can highlight a few. Jenny Calendar, the teacher who fell in love with Giles and met a tragic end... Faith, the troubled Slayer who fell to the proverbial dark side before ultimately finding redemption... Angelus, the soulless alter ego of Angel who gleefully terrorized Sunnydale... Joyce Summers, Buffy's fiercely protective mother. These characters, and many more, helped make Buffy memorable.Music was a big part of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, right from the opening credits. The band Nerf Herder provided the show's theme song, an iconic and instantly recognizable piece that begins with a horror staple - organ notes - before launching into a propulsive electric guitar riff.Licensed music was also used on occasion, with tracks from artists like Sarah McLachlan, Third Eye Blind and Coldplay adding texture to important scenes.But Buffy's best music was played live. The characters often visited The Bronze, a local club that featured live music, and the producers invited a number of real bands to perform on the show. Four Star Mary provided the music for Oz's fictional band, Dingoes Ate My Baby, in a number of early episodes. The band also appeared as themselves in Season Four's "Restless". Other notable musicians who performed live on the show included Aimee Mann, Cibo Matto, Michelle Branch and Angie Hart, to name just a few.We just covered the many different bands who appeared (or were heard) on the series, but Buffy also boasted the talents of some great composers. Some of the show's most emotional and climactic moments were scored with unforgettable music.As the sole composer during the show's second, third and fourth seasons, Christophe Beck produced a number of pieces that came to define Buffy musically. "Close Your Eyes" was the love theme for Buffy and Angel, and was memorably heard at the end of "Becoming, Part Two" when Angel's soul was restored (pictured above). "Slayer's Elegy" ("The Wish"), "Remembering Jenny" ("Passion") and "Sacrifice" ("The Gift") were just a few of his other notable contributions to Buffy's score. Beck also provided the score for Buffy's infamous musical episode, "Once More, With Feeling". That episode featured songs written by Joss Whedon himself and sung by members of the cast.Robert Duncan was the composer for the majority of the seventh and final season, and wrote "Chosen", the theme featured in the series finale during the climactic battle within the Hellmouth.Like other beloved entertainment properties, Buffy came to boast a considerable expanded universe of stories for diehard fans to sink their teeth into (pun intended).Dark Horse Comics began publishing a line of Buffy comics in 1998 with a monthly title that followed along with the show's timeline while telling original stories. The series continued as long as the show itself was on the air, eventually flashing back and telling stories of Buffy's life before she arrived in Sunnydale (including a more faithful adaptation of Whedon's original screenplay for the 1992 film).A series of popular novels was also produced. Like the comics, they generally followed the timeline of the series and expanded on the story. Though not considered 'canonical' with the series itself, the comics and books were still a big hit with fans.It took a while, but gamers eventually get their own taste of Buffy's world with a pair of titles released for the original Xbox, PlayStation 2 and Nintendo GameCube. 2002's Buffy the Vampire Slayer and 2003's Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Chaos Bleeds were celebrated both for their faithful portrayals of Buffy's world and for being great action games in their own right.Buffy's legacy would be assured solely on the merits of its own seven seasons. Luckily for fans, however, The WB teamed up with Joss Whedon to expand his vampire slaying universe in 1999, when they launched the spinoff series Angel.With his powerhouse performances in Buffy's second season as both Angel and his soulless alter ego Angelus, David Boreanaz demonstrated to Whedon and the network that he had the chops to lead his own series. Coinciding with the fourth season of the original series, Angel and Cordelia relocated to Los Angeles where they formed Angel Investigations, a detective agency dedicated to helping the helpless.Conceived as a darker, more adult series than its progenitor, Angel ultimately ran for five seasons, reinventing itself over and over again and introducing new characters that became as beloved as any that Buffy ever produced: the late Andy Hallett as Lorne, Amy Acker as Fred (and later, Illyria) and J. August Richards as Gunn, to name just a few. And some characters who originated on Buffy found new life on Angel, like Cordelia, Wesley, Darla and Spike.For a show named for its hero, Buffy certainly produced a lot of memorable villains.By structuring each individual season around a main villain (or "Big Bad"), the show created a signature formula that is still emulated to this day (Arrow and its spinoff The Flash are two prime examples of this). Each new villain challenged Buffy and her friends in new and often unexpected ways.The Master was the perfect villain for Buffy's first season: an ancient vampire reminiscent of classic horror villains like Dracula and Nosferatu. The second season introduced younger, more contemporary vampire villains in Spike and Drusilla, the "Sid and Nancy" of the demonic underworld. Adding the evil Angelus into the mix later in the season was a stroke of genius, as it pitted Buffy against a murderous demon who wore the face of the man she loved.With each new season, the villains became deadlier and more powerful. In the third season, the Mayor of Sunnydale sought to become a pure demon, while in the fifth season, Buffy faced down an actual god in Glory.There were plenty of great "lesser" villains too, like Mr. Trick, Sunday, Gwendolyn Post and Sweet.We talked about Buffy's cast earlier, and indeed, the supporting cast was uniformly terrific. But there is no doubt that BTVS wouldn't have been as successful as it became if not for the talents of its leading lady, Sarah Michelle Gellar.Many young actresses auditioned for the role of Buffy, including some who would later appear on the series in other roles (Charisma Carpenter, Elizabeth Anne Allen, Julie Benz). Gellar herself originally auditioned for the role of Cordelia, but luckily Whedon and his fellow producers requested that she try out for the lead. Today, it's difficult to imagine anyone else playing the titular vampire slayer. She was simply perfect for the role.From the very first episode, Gellar infused Buffy with a remarkable mix of innocence, compassion, optimism and inner strength. She never failed to convincingly portray Buffy's journey as she faced impossible pressure to save the world (a lot) while still living life as a normal teenage girl and young woman.Whether she was playing Buffy as scared ("Prophecy Girl"), broken-hearted ("Becoming, Part Two") or hopeful ("Chosen"), she was always up to the task.In Buffy's early days, one of the show's main hooks was the star-crossed romance between Buffy, the vampire Slayer, and Angel, the vampire with a soul.To this day, fans still argue over who Buffy truly belongs with. Angel? Spike? Riley? (Okay, nobody says Riley...). Whatever your opinion, there's no denying that Buffy and Angel's romance was mythic. It combined the power and optimism of first love (for Buffy, anyway) with the tragedy of all the best doomed love stories. Throughout the first three seasons, the pair struggled with the impossibility of their romance, and even after Angel left town (and the show) his shadow loomed over Buffy's life for a long time.Willow and Tara's romance was another story that was beloved by fans of the series. Willow, who had previously been romantically linked to Oz and Xander, found herself drawn to fellow witch Tara. Their story was a key element of the show's later seasons, and when Tara died violently, it broke the heart of Willow and viewers alike.Giles and Jenny, Oz and Willow, Xander and Cordelia and Buffy and Spike were some of the other romantic pairings fans enjoyed on the series.Though it never reached the ratings heights of popular shows on the larger networks, the series was always a hit for the smaller WB and UPN networks. And it wasn't just the fans that fell in love with Buffy.The critical response to the show was almost entirely positive, with critics praising the smart writing, the unique mixture of genres and the talented young cast. While fans and critics generally agree that the series peaked in its early years, the later seasons were still better than a lot of the other shows on television.To this day, critics cite BTVS when naming the best shows of all time, especially when discussing genre work. Empire Magazine ranked it as the second best show of all time, while Rolling Stone had it at number 38. Hollywood Reporter had it at 27, while TV Guide placed it at 41.Fans and critics don't always agree, but in the case of Buffy they certainly do.Today's television fans are used to seeing their favorite characters bite the dust, thanks to shows like Game of Thrones and The Walking Dead. But when Buffy was airing, the practice of killing off important characters was practically unheard of. Unless a certain actor or actress was determined to leave a show, creators were reluctant to write out characters in such a permanent way.Joss Whedon is infamous for having no such compunctions. The character of Jesse, Xander's friend who appears in the first two episodes of the show, was created for the sole purpose of shocking the audience with the death of a main character. He even wanted to add actor Eric Balfour to the opening credits to heighten the shock at his character's demise, but budgetary limitations foiled him.Jesse was just the first of many characters to meet a violent end. Far more important and beloved characters would follow him, like Jenny Calendar, Kendra, Tara and Jonathan.Just as importantly, characters who died on Buffy stayed dead (with the notable exception of Buffy herself). Whether they were murdered (Tara) or died of natural causes (Joyce), Buffy learned that as strong as she was, she had no power over death.Just as Whedon and company were fearless in killing off popular characters, they had no hesitation in dealing with potentially controversial issues.In keeping with the "high school as hell" metaphor that made the series so successful, the early seasons explored many of the problems that face youth. Isolation, loneliness, depression, suicidal thoughts: Buffy dealt with all of these issues gracefully and thoughtfully: and since the series took place on a Hellmouth, the problems were heightened. A girl who felt ignored by her peers literally became invisible. An unwelcome new father figure turned out to be a homicidal robot. Buffy was temporarily gifted with the ability to read minds, allowing her to learn of a plot to murder students. BTVS dealt with familiar issues in entertaining, outlandish fashion, while never losing sight of the message it was trying to impart.Perhaps most famously, the relationship between Tara and Willow was an inspiring example of a healthy and loving same-sex relationship, and one that was never exploited for titillation.It's been 14 years since Buffy aired its final episode. Think of all the television shows that have come and gone in that time. Some of them made an impact, some were quickly forgotten, but very few have achieved the level of popularity (and longevity) that Buffy has.New fans are still finding the Slayer thanks to reruns, DVDs and streaming services, while old fans remain just as passionate as ever. Some of that passion can be attributed to the fact that Buffy's story has continued, albeit in a different format (more on that in a moment). But even if that wasn't the case, the quality of the show speaks for itself. If no new Buffy stories had ever been told after 2003, it's doubtful the property would be any less popular than it is today.It's also true that the kind of fans who love shows like BTVS are simply more passionate about their entertainment. You don't see convention floors overflowing for Law & Order or NCIS, but Buffy, Angel, Firefly and other beloved genre shows can still pack them in.There's more than one Slayer-related anniversary happening this month.On March 14, it will have been ten years since Joss Whedon teamed with Dark Horse Comics to continue the story of Buffy in comic book form. Dubbed Season 8 (naturally), the series was an instant hit, picking up the action over a year after the events of "Chosen", with Buffy and friends leading an army of hundreds of new Slayers. In addition to Whedon, other writers from the series returned to pen story arcs, including Jane Espenson and Drew Goddard. The writers and series artist Georges Jeanty took full advantage of the new medium, dreaming up creatures and conflicts that never would have been possible on the TV show.Old friends and enemies returned, new characters debuted, and in the grand Buffy tradition, nobody was safe.Season 8 would ultimately run for 43 issues, wrapping up in 2011. The story has continued since then, in the pages of Buffy as well as another title, Angel & Faith. Now in Season 11, both titles are still going strong. If you only saw the television finales of Buffy and Angel, you've missed a lot!An avowed feminist, Joss Whedon has always been interested in creating strong female characters. It's a theme easily spotted in all of his work, from Buffy herself to Firefly's River to Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.'s Skye/Daisy.Buffy wasn't always Buffy - at one early stage, she was an immortal waitress named Rhonda! - but the general concept was always the same. Whedon hated watching horror films and seeing the pretty young woman run away from the monster only to be slaughtered. He wanted to change her story. He decided to introduce a young woman who didn't run from the monster, but who stood her ground and fought: a woman who was stronger than any monster that might chase her.The 1992 film infamously took this story of female empowerment and played it solely for laughs, which is why Whedon jumped at the chance to tell his story the right way on television.Seven seasons. 144 episodes. Over a hundred issues of a comic book continuation that is still going strong today. What does it all boil down to?Whedon has described the mission statement of the show as, simply, "the joy of female power." In creating the character of Buffy, he presented a woman who was more powerful than any man, thanks to the abilities of the Slayer. With strength, speed and agility far beyond the abilities of a normal person, Buffy could save the world on her own (at least once or twice), but she didn't just want power for herself: she shared it with those around her. She helped her friends become heroes in their own right, whether they possessed supernatural abilities or not. In the final episode, she teamed with Willow to give the powers of the Slayer to women all around the world. Instead of hoarding power for herself, she shared it.But take away her powers and Buffy Summers would still be a hero because of her courage, compassion and conviction. That's why the character and her story still resonate with so many people today.---What do you love about Buffy the Vampire Slayer? Were you watching 20 years ago? Let us know in the comments.
Tags:
buffy the vampire slayer
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
David Fincher will return to the world of big-budget science-fiction filmmaking for the first time since Alien 3 with Walt Disney Pictures' new adaptation of 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea.While there will naturally be major differences between Fincher's take on the tale of Captain Nemo and the Mouse House's previous 1954 film version (no singing Kirk Douglas, this time around), there's been some question as to how much the new 20,000 Leagues would resemble Jules Verne's original novel.According to screenwriter Scott Z. Burns, the answer is... not a whole lot. When he sat down to speak with Cinema Blend about his upcoming scripts (which includes this year's Contagion), Burns mentioned that there will be "very little" material that's lifted directly from Verne's literature, adding that his job "isn't to turn a book into a movie, it's to be inspired by the book and then go write a movie."Burns went on to clarify that he and Fincher are still planning on remaining true to "the spirit" of Verne's novel, especially with regards to its three main characters: the brilliant-but-crazed Captain Nemo, Professor Pierre Aronnax, and the sailor Ned Land. The dynamic between the trio will apparently be heavily emphasized in the film, in between all the fantastical locales and sea-battles they engage in.A more character-driven spin on 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea would be most welcome, especially in the capable hands of Fincher, who excels at realizing complex and multi-layered individuals in cinematic form (see: his take on Mark Zuckerberg in The Social Network, among others). Nemo in particular is the sort of obsessive fellow who'd make for an excellent character study, with regards to how his frame of mind affects his relationships with others, his reclusive existence aboard the Nautilus, and dark worldview in general.Now that Fincher has the benefit of almost twenty additional years of experience (not to mention, more creative control), his 20,000 Leagues project should be a much smoother production than Alien 3 was. The director has never been afraid to utilize cutting-edge digital technology in his films before, and this will be no exception; the plan is not only for 20,000 Leagues to be shot in 3D, but Fincher also expects the film to be almost 70% CGI (a la Avatar).It's partially for that reason - and because Fincher's been busy completing post-production duties on his adaptation of The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo - that Burns says there's a whole lot of pre-vis work that needs to be done before 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea can actually start filming. However, it doesn't sound like a late spring/early summer 2012 production start date is out of the question just yet.We will keep you posted on the status of Fincher's 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea in the meantime.Source: Cinema Blend
Tags:
20000 leagues under the sea
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
From 2000 to 2010, Hollywood released a myriad of movies-- Disney diverged a bit from their usual crop of princess movies, there was a strange period where Hollywood was really in to 19th century magicians, independent movies were becoming more and more popular, and, for every successful X-Men movie, there was a new Punisher envisioned.While Netflix offers thousands of movies, but only a handful of them come from this varied decade.The purpose of this article is merely meant to showcase what Netflix offers-- because their new ranking and reviewing system isn't the greatest. Some of these movies might be among your all-time favorites, while others might be among your all-time worst viewing experiences. Either way, it's a refreshing experience to look back at the early 2000s and nostalgically remember the movies that came out during the period, many of which are now at your finger tips.So, before you start binge-watching the next TV show in your queue, here are the 20 Underrated '00s Movies You Need To Watch On Netflix.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewEven though The Emperor’s New Groove isn’t the most popular Disney movie around, it still managed to please viewers with its unforgettable jokes. Emperor Kuzco (voiced by David Spade), a spoiled teenager, is turned into a llama by his former administrator, voiced perfectly by Eartha Kitt.On his journey to regain his original form and take his place back at the palace, Kuzco befriends a villager named Pacha (voice by John Goodman) who begrudgingly agrees to help Kuzco, based on an agreement that Kuzco will not destroy his village.What takes place is a slapstick buddy comedy that differs from the usual animated Disney movie, but still has loads of lessons to learn from. Throughout his time as a llama, Kuzco learns what it means to be selfless and humble, and thus develops into a worthy emperor.The Road, based on the 2006 novel of the same name by Cormac McCarthy, follows a father and son as they traverse a post-apocalyptic landscape. Through their travels, they encounter a gang of cannibals, which they narrowly manage to escape.While the post-apocalyptic atmosphere isn’t explained, it makes the survival of the father and son more distressing and heart wrenching, as the two must learn to completely place their trust in one another in order to survive the harsh environment.Viggo Mortensen, who plays the father, role provides a harrowing performance. Kodi Smit-McPhee (years before his turn as Nightcrawler in X-Men: Apocalypse), as the son, gives an equally compelling portrayal. The Road also features outstanding supporting roles from Robert Duvall, Charlize Theron, and Guy Pearce.Somehow Kevin Smith’s Zack and Miri Make a Porno is about lifelong friends who decide to make a porno in order to make money, and is much more realistic than his more popular film Chasing Amy (how can a lesbian-identifying woman fall for Ben Affleck). Raunchy comedies were a trend in the early 2000s, and, while some were worse than others, Smith's action behind the camera of Zack and Miri actually provided the movie with some heart.This "will they or won’t they" romantic comedy for Smith fans does, of course, involve a bit of raunchy imagery and talk. The fact that the movie, at some points, seemed like it was close to an NC-17 rating is understandable.However, in spite of the subject matter, Zack and Miri Make a Porno is probably Smith’s most commercially accessible film. It also includes a few good laughs.Before Neil Gaiman’s American Gods was adapted for TV screens and aired on Stars, there was Coraline.As a movie adaptation of Gaiman's 2002 novel by the same name, Coraline follows a precocious and adventurous young girl who finds herself in an idyllic parallel world.At first it appears to be a dream come true, but Caroline soon discovers that the new world is actually dark and sinister, in the vein of "the grass isn’t always greener on the other side idea." Director Henry Selick, whose previous credit includes The Nightmare Before Christmas, among others, brings Gaiman’s terrifying tale to life with inspiring stop-motion animation.For some reason, adults found Coraline scary, while young kids enjoyed the story and experience. We suppose it all comes down to how you view the concept of escapism versus reality.Hot Fuzz, the second movie in the Three Flavours Cornetto trilogy, finds writer and actor Simon Pegg playing London cop Nicholas Angel, as he’s transferred from a city to a small English village and paired with a bumbling partner Danny Butterman, played by Nick Frost.Angel soon finds out that the quiet English village’s residents aren’t exactly what they seem. Hot Fuzz, along with the other films in the trilogy, focuses on the underlying story of friendship and camaraderie, as Nicholas learns to appreciate his new partner and they begin to work together to solve the mystery surrounding the town.Hot Fuzz, as well as the trilogy as a whole, is a treasure trove of hilariously clever one-liners and has an amusing mix of ridiculous violence, in a good way.Following in the recent wave of movie musicals in the early 2000s, Across the Universe was a little different from the rest. For example, Chicago and Rent were based on popular Broadway musicals and Moulin Rouge was a mash-up of original songs and popular favorites. However, all of the songs featured in Across the Universe were all from The Beatles.Set among the tumultuous 1960s, Across the Universe follows Jude, played by Jim Sturgess, a teenage boy who he sets out to find his father. Along the way he meets Lucy, played by Evan Rachel Wood, and a slew of other eccentric characters who are all on their own journeys.Unlike the movie musicals before it, Across the Universe has the advantage of having been directed by Broadway veteran, Julie Taymor, who  it definitely brings a unique take on the movie musical format.Is The Texas Chain Saw Massacre: The Beginning so bad that it’s actually good or is it just bad? You can be the judge.The film takes place several years prior to the 2003 remake of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, and tells the origin of Leatherface and his first kills. Two brothers (one being Matt Bomer before the White Collar and Magic Mike fame) and their girlfriends are traveling across the country when they come across a biker who draws a gun on them.A crash follows, and the injured brothers and women come across the creepy Sheriff Hoyt, played perfectly by R. Lee Ermey. The young couples quickly find out that the Sheriff isn’t quite as friendly as he seems, and neither is his family. Leatherface makes his appearance, and the torturing of the teens soon turns into a blood bath.Maybe The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning was trying to compete with the popularity of the Saw movies at the time, but it went from mild horror in the 2003 remake to slaughterhouse gruesomeness in the prequel.In 2006 The Illusionist, Scoop, and The Prestige all had a focus on stage magicians, however the most impressive and deceptive of the three was the latter. Writer and director Christopher Nolan had jumped from short films, to independent films, to major motion pictures in less than 10 years.The hallmark of his movies has been the smartly done twist endings, and The Prestige, based on the 1995 novel of the same name, is no exception.Two rival magicians, played by Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale, spend most of the film trying to one up each other with elaborate displays of showmanship. By the end, you’re left scratching your head wondering how Jackman and Bale pulled off their respective tricks.As with Nolan’s other films, there are still online discussions about the clues that were scattered throughout The Prestige that lead to and revealed the twist ending.Elizabethtown may not be Cameron Crowe’s best work – the A.V. Club even coined the term “Manic Pixie Dream Girl” as a result of Kirsten Dunst’s character-- but at least it’s not Aloha.Elizabethtown follows Orlando Bloom as Drew, a downtrodden designer for a shoe company who’s latest design has a costly flaw. Just as he’s about to commit suicide, he gets a phone call from his sister telling him his father has just died.While Drew is flying out to his home state of Kentucky he meets Kirsten Dunst’s Claire, a helpful flight attendant, and an inevitable relationship ensues. Elizabethtown certainly has it’s charms: a picturesque setting, a somewhat dysfunctional family tone, and a contemporary soundtrack.Drew isn’t exactly a Lloyd Dobler or a William Miller, but he still has his own appeal.The Friday series features Ice Cube as Craig, a man was recently fired from his job and decides to confront the neighborhood bully. In the sequel, Next Friday, Craig learns of the bully’s plans to break out of jail, so he goes in to hiding but somehow trouble still manages to find him.In the third movie of the series, Friday After Next, Craig and his cousin are robbed of their Christmas presents and rent money by a man disguised as Santa Claus. Craig and his cousin try to come up with a plan to make up the rent money so that they won't get evicted.Friday After Next turned out to be the least successful of the series, but that hasn’t stopped Ice Cube from announcing that he's making a fourth installment in the series, titled Last Friday.Before Hollywood thought it was a good idea to remake films that were under 20 years old, it looked to the 1960s for inspiration.The Manchurian Candidate, based on the 1959 novel and 1962 film, stars Denzel Washington in perfect paranoid form as Bennett-- a war veteran and former commanding officer who begins to see that not everything is at it seems.During the Gulf War, two members of Bennett’s unit perished and the rest were saved by Sergeant Raymond (Liev Schreiber). Several years later, Bennett encounters one of the members of his unit who has been having visions about the war.Raymond is now a congressman and is on the fast track to becoming a candidate for Vice President, however, Bennett is on the verge of figuring out what exactly happened during the war, and how it all leads back to Raymond.Watch The Manchurian Candidate for Washington but stay for Meryl Streep, who delivers a amazing performance in her supporting role as the mother and puppeteer of Schreiber's Raymond.The early-to-mid 2000s saw a steady flow of female fronted dramas-- from the Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood in 2002, to The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants in 2005. In between these releases was Mona Lisa Smile in 2003. While Ya-Ya Sisterhood dealt with familial female relationships and Traveling Pants dealt with female friendships, Mona Lisa Smile ran the gamut of female issues.Set in the 1950s, the film starred Julia Roberts as a UCLA graduate student in art history, who takes a teaching position at a conservative women’s liberal arts college in Massachusetts. Roberts’ students include a whos-who of popular young actresses including Julia Stiles, Kirsten Dunst, and Maggie Gyllenhaal.What follows is a lesson on what it was like to be a woman during the 1950s – receiving an education, becoming a homemaker, or deciding to go against the grain and follow an entirely different path.Mona Lisa Smile is not without its clichés, but it’s a fun jaunt in early 2000s cinema.Like a lot of Michael Bay's movies, Bad Boys II lacks plot and drive but contains a surplus of explosions.Picking up eight years after the events of the first Bad Boys movie, Martin Lawrence and Will Smith team up once again as Miami Police Department's narcotics division detectives Marcus and Mike.This time around, however, the detectives are investigating a movement of extremely potent ecstasy coming into Miami. Unfortunately, raid on supposed distributors goes awry for the duo and they're left wondering if they should continue being partners.While it isn’t the greatest film of the early 2000s, it does have its moments. There really hasn’t been a buddy cop movie, dramatic or otherwise, that features two black male protagonists since White Chicks.For all of its grittiness, bombastic violence, and explosions, Bad Boys II is a far better option than the alternative.The religious thriller Frailty was released among the onslaught of religious horror films that came out around the new millennium. The late Bill Paxton’s directorial debut is not as schlocky or gratuitous as Stigmata and End of Days, and, in contrast, it’s actually much more psychological.Bill Paxton, in addition to directing, plays Dad Meiks who is looking after his two young sons after his wife died. One night, Meiks wakes up his two young sons and informs them that their family has been called upon by god to kill demons disguised as people. The sons go along with their father’s godly duty but the eldest son, played by Matthew McConaughey in the present, has his doubts.While the movie was lauded as one of Paxton's best roles, it also proved how capable he was as a director, which means that Frailty definitely deserves a viewing.The Punisher movie from 2004 is bad, so bad, in fact, that it’s holds a measly 29% on Rotten Tomatoes. Although it should be worth noting that it’s not the worst reviewed comic book movie in the 2000s – Catwoman holds this prestigious title.It’s hard to pinpoint why the critical masses loathed The Punisher – it may have been the grimness, the acting, or a combination of both. Thomas Jane stars as Frank Castle, a former FBI agent turned vigilante after his family is brutally murdered by crime lord Howard Saint’s (John Travolta) minions.For some unknown reason the production value of the movie makes it look like it was made in the early-to-mid-90s, and it should be noted that this adaptation of The Punisher looks on par with the 1989 version. The dated feel of the movie and the action are reason enough to grab some popcorn and watch it again.After you suffer through The Punisher you can compare it with Jon Bernthal’s portrayal of the Punisher in Netflix’s Daredevil.Not surprisingly, Anger Management isn’t the highest reviewed movie of either Jack Nicholson or Adam Sandler’s careers. In fact, Roger Ebert has said: “the concept is inspired. The execution is lame.” However, this is no reason not to give this movie a second look, as the movie has a few good jokes that will keep you laughing.Sandler’s character, Dave, loses his temper after dealing with an annoying passenger on a flight and is then sentenced to take anger management classes. Much to Dave’s chagrin, his new therapist, played by Nicholson, is the same annoying passenger from the flight. What ensues is a slapstick comedy of sorts that features Woody Harrelson, Marisa Tomei, and funny duet of West Side Story’s “I Feel Pretty”.Anger Management is probably the best movie of Adam Sandler's career that's offered on Netflix (so far).Richard Linklater’s 2001 movie Waking Life falls somewhere in between Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, MTV’s Liquid Television, and the documentary film The Nightmare.The film follows an unnamed young man who is moving through a dream, of sorts, and meeting with various people. The people the young man encounters range from restaurant patrons to scholars. Conversations are filmed documentary-style, in which the young man sometimes interjects but mostly is focused on listening, as the person he’s currently speaking with discusses everything from lucid dreaming and existentialism.Waking Life also features a reoccurrence of some of Linklater’s most well-known characters Jesse (Ethan Hawke) and Celine (Julie Delpy) of Before Sunrise, Before Sunset, and Before Midnight.Like most-- if not all-- of Linklater’s movies, Waking Life features thought-provoking discussions of existence and the discussions that go with it.Amélie is a whimsical film about a young Parisian waitress (Audrey Tautou) with a wild imagination, who, after spending most of her life home schooled by her withdrawn father, decides to devote her life to making other people happy. As she journeys through the city trying to secretly help those in need, she finds something she least expects: love.Tautou, who had done mostly television work prior to the release of Amélie, became an international star after its release. Along with Tautou’s star-making turn, the movie’s fanciful quality was buoyed by CGI and a combination of visually stunning cinematography and a memorable original score.Like Memento, Amélie gained critical plaudits and earned several Academy Award nominations for the 74th awards ceremony, including Best Original Screenplay.This critically acclaimed and beloved film certainly deserves a re-watch.Disney’s animated feature films didn’t diverge too much from the magical princess and talking animals story-lines until the early 2000s. A year before Lilo & Stitch, Disney released Atlantis: The Lost Empire – the first animated science-fiction feature film to be released by the studio.While Atlantis finds itself among the worst reviewed Disney animation movies, it is also considered an underrated classic by many fans. Featuring a voice cast that includes Michael J. Fox and Leonard Nimoy, the story follows cartographer and linguist Milo who strongly believes that the lost city of Atlantis truly exists. He teams up with a group of explorers in search of the fabled kingdom.A cartographer in search of a lost island may not seem all that interesting to young children, but Atlantis: The Lost Empire managed to find an audience after its theatrical release due to its vivid imagery, and is certainly worthy of a second look on Netflix.Before Christopher Nolan awed and confused us with The Prestige, Inception, and Interstellar, he gathered up some of the best talent from The Matrix and decided to tell a new tale.The neo-Noir psychological thriller Memento follows Guy Pearce as Leonard, a man who suffers from short-term memory loss. Through a collection of tattoos and Polaroid photographs, Leonard tries to piece together enough information to find out who robbed him and murdered his wife.During Leonard’s search, he interacts with Natalie (Carrie-Ann Moss) and Teddy (Joe Pantoliano) who may either be helping or hindering his journey.bAfter its release in 2000, Memento went on to garner critical acclaim and earn Acadamy Award nominations for Best Original Screenplay and Best Film Editing.Seventeen years later, Memento still has a strong cult following. Due to this, word of a remake was making its rounds a few years ago, but fortunately (or unfortunately, depending on your opinion of remakes), there haven’t been any new details about a remake since the initial announcement in 2015.---Are there any other 2000s movies that you enjoy on Netflix? Are there any you'd love to see added to the streaming service? Let us know in the comment section!
Tags:
netflix
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Such is the case for the forgotten '00s comedies on this list. The titles will probably trigger your memory. You might have even seen them in theaters, but you didn't watch them more than once. These aren't the Zoolanders, the 40-Year-Old Virgins, and the Anchormans of the world. Still, they're solid movies that are good for a laugh.The actors in these films will definitely be familiar to you. They're the comedy vets who were making a ton of movies in the '00s. A lot of them still are now, in 2017, which is a testament to their comedic talent. Although they give consistently funny performances in the films on this list, they also starred in far better movies that are considered the top comedies of the decade.Previously, we've explored the second-tier teen movies and TV shows of the aughts. We've channel surfed through the forgotten cartoons of that hallowed decade. Now, let's go on a journey through the less enduring comedies of the '00s. On this list you will find Cuba Gooding Jr. playing with huskies, a secret Lonely Island movie, JoJo in an acting role, and more.Here are 15 '00s Comedies You Completely Forgot About.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThe Haunted Mansion is an iconic movie. It's Eddie Murphy plus a haunted house. What more do you need to know?The Haunted Mansion is based on the Disney theme park attraction of the same name. Murphy plays Jim Evers, a realtor who takes his wife Sara and their two kids to check out a mansion on business. Then they slowly start to realize it's haunted. The plot thickens when we learn that the family was summoned there because the ghoulish owner Edward Gracey thinks that Sara is a reincarnation of his long-dead love Elizabeth.Murphy hits that sweet spot of being scared, but in a funny way. It's a kids' movie that still funny enough for adults to laugh at. Bonus: you can watch it on Halloween if you've watched Beetlejuice one too many times.Kangaroo Jack is perhaps most well-known for having one of the world's most misleading trailers.From the trailer, you would think the movie is a family comedy about a talking Kangaroo. Wrong! It's a Jerry O'Connell/Anthony Anderson action movie/buddy comedy. The scene that you see in the trailer of a CGI kangaroo performing The Sugar Hill Gang's “Rapper’s Delight” in an Aussie accent is the only scene in which the animal talks, and that's because it's a hallucination that Jerry O'Connell is having.Also, audiences and parents were kind of confused about how the movie ended up with a PG rating considered how many inappropriate lines are in it.Definitely watch Kangaroo Jack if you want to watch one of the most baffling movies of all time. You will repeatedly ask yourself the question, "How did this get made?".You may recognize Zack and Miri Make a Porno as that one movie Netflix keeps relentlessly recommending to you because you watched a lot of Judd Apatow stuff. But it's not a Judd Apatow movie! It's a Kevin Smith movie. It doesn't hold a candle to Clerks, but it's still worth a watch because it's directed and written by Kevin Smith.Here's the setup: Zack (Seth Rogen) and Miri (Elizabeth Banks) are platonic best friends and roommates. They're also broke. They decide to make a porno together as a scheme to get money, but they get more than they bargained for when they start to fall for each other. Also in the cast are Craig Robinson, Justin Long, and Brandon Routh (remember when he was Superman?).Two salesmen, played by Paul Rudd and Seann William Scott, get in trouble with the law and are sentenced to 150 days of community service as an alternative to jail. Their assignment is to work with a big-brother/big-sister program, where they get paired with two pain-in-the-butt kids. Danny (Rudd) is paired with Augie, a medieval LARPing nerd (Christopher Mintz-Plasse from Superbad), while Wheeler (Scott) is paired with a foul-mouthed delinquent, Ronnie (Bobb'e J. Thompson, aka Tracy's son Tracy Jr. from 30 Rock).Role Models is directed and co-written by David Wain of Wet Hot American Summer fame. As you can expect from a studio comedy, albeit a lackluster studio comedy, the supporting cast is stacked with comedy people: Jane Lynch, Elizabeth Banks, Ken Jeong, Ken Marino, Joe Lo Truglio, and Matt Walsh.The 2009 Lindsay Lohan pregnancy comedy Labor Pains was supposed to come out in cinemas, but something, somewhere went horribly wrong and it premiered on cable, followed by a DVD release. Mixed reviews from critics seemed to explain why the movie was shunted to TV.In 2009, Lindsay Lohan's career was already on the way down. The last good movie she did was 2006's Bobby. A guest spot on Ugly Betty in 2008 didn't do anything to revive her career.That being said, Lindsay Lohan still knows how to lead a comedy. The concept of the movie is funny: Lohan plays a woman who gets fired but lies and says she's pregnant, rendering her unfireable. Now she has to figure out how to keep up the ruse. There's an interesting mix of funny people in the supporting cast: Chris Parnell, Tracee Ellis Ross, Janeane Garofalo, Cheryl Hines, Creed Bratton, and Keiko Agena.How many times has Hollywood done the "family vacation that goes horrible wrong" movie? A lot. But only one of them features pop singer JoJo in an acting role! It's one of her rare Hollywood roles. She's actually very funny!JoJo plays the daughter of the main RV-renting family. The late Robin Williams and Cheryl Hines play dad and mom, and baby Josh Hutcherson plays the son. Don't be surprised about the latter: he had a steady career as a child actor before capturing our hearts as Peeta Mellark in The Hunger Games movies.This movie is also blessed by the presence of Broadway star and comedienne Kristin Chenoweth, who plays the matriarch of a relentlessly upbeat family that don't seem to get the hint the Robin Williams & Co do not want to hang out with them!This movie might seem like just another studio comedy, but it has quite the premise. It opens with Matthew Lillard, Seth Green, and Dax Shepard finding out that their childhood friend Billy died in a parasailing accident.After the funeral, they find out that Billy had dedicated his life to finding D.B. Cooper's lost treasure. If you don't know about D.B. Cooper, hoo boy, do we have a Wikipedia page for you. Here's the short version: he was an unidentified man who hijacked a plane traveling between Portland, Oregon, and Seattle, Washington, stole $200,000, and parachuted away. He was never found or identified. He became known as D. B. Cooper based on the alias that he used to buy a plane ticket.But back to Without a Paddle: the trio take up the torch and pursue D. B. Cooper's treasure using a treasure map that Billy left behind. They have no idea what they're getting themselves into.In The Pacifier, Navy SEAL Shane Wolf (Vin Diesel) gets an unusual assignment: protecting the five children of a recently deceased government scientist while their mother completes an important mission. Basically, that means that big, beefy Vin Diesel is a glorified babysitter (one of the kids is an actual baby).Most important to note is that this movie has one of the most disturbing casually-placed plot points of all time. One of the kids, the teenage Seth (Max Thieriot), starts acting weird: he bleaches his hair blond and starts cutting wrestling practice. And then the Vice Principal finds a Nazi armband with a swastika on it in his locker. There's an easy explanation for all of this: he's playing Rolfe in his school production of The Sound of Music. But what did they think was going on before? That he became a Neo-Nazi?! The implications of this storyline are a little too heavy to casually drop into a kids' movie.In Kicking & Screaming, Phil Weston (Will Ferrell) plays an average joe who ends up coaching a very bad Little League soccer team called The Tigers. His lack of experience isn't the only thing standing in his way: his over-competitive dad Buck (Robert Duvall) is the coach of a talented rival team, The Gladiators.Buck is also a horrible person: his intense drive to succeed took a toll on Phil as a child. In the present day, Buck traded his own grandson, Phil's son Sam, from The Gladiators to The Tigers because he didn't want Sam's lack of skill holding the team back.Phil gets caught up in being a coach. He gradually becomes tougher and harsher until eventually he starts to resemble his dad. But that also means Will Ferrell gets to go from a mild-mannered dad to a full-on douchebag jock, and it makes for some serious laughs.Before Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping, there was an unofficial Lonely Island movie: Hot Rod. Andy Samberg was the star, Jorma Taccone had a supporting role (and a nerdy bowl cut), and Akiva Schaffer directed and made a cameo.Samberg plays Rod Kimble, a self-proclaimed stuntman on a mission to take on the biggest stunt of his career to raise money for his abusive stepfather's critical heart operation. That stepfather is played by Ian McShane (Game of Thrones, American Gods). Taccone, Bill Hader, and Danny McBride play members of Rod's crew.Samberg wears a series of ridiculous costumes, from a fake moustache he insists on sporting to heavily padded practice gear to his glorious all-leather stunt uniform. Samberg's "Lazy Sunday" partner in crime Chris Parnell also appears.Jon Heder, Rob Schneider, and David Spade play a trio of loser friends. One of them, Gus (Schneider), is good at baseball. Clark (Heder) and Ritchie (Spade) still have PTSD from being benchwarmers on their Little League baseball teams.One day, the guys stand up for a kid who is kicked off the baseball diamond by a group of bullies who claim the field. They challenge these insolent youths to a game for the right to the field. Surprisingly, the adults win even though two out of three of them have no athletic ability.The guys, who have now formed a team called The Benchwarmers, go on a crusade to stand up for bulling victims by challenging every Little League team for miles around. But who will triumph: the Little League teams or three adults of varying skill? You'll have to watch to find out!2008's Get Smart is a reboot of Mel Brooks and Buck Henry's TV series of the same name. The spy comedy starred Don Adams as Maxwell Smart and Barbara Feldon as #99. The 2008 film cast Steve Carell and Anne Hathaway in the lead roles. That's right, Steve Carell and Anne Hathaway played an onscreen couple. It should be noted that Hathaway is 20 years his junior.Carell's character Maxwell Smart is an analyst for the top secret American intelligence agency, CONTROL. He suddenly gets promoted to field agent and is partnered with the smooth and experienced Agent 99 for his first mission. Smart's clumsy inexperience makes them an unlikely pair.The film has quite the cast: Bill Murray (who plays a secret agent and it's amazing), Dwayne Johnson, Alan Arkin, Terry Crews, and James Caan.The premise of You, Me and Dupree is that Owen Wilson is the third wheel for Matt Dillon and Kate Hudson, which is definitely a role Owen Wilson is perfect for. Randolph "Randy" Dupree (Wilson) is the best man at the wedding of Carl (Dillon) and Molly (Hudson). Owen Wilson playing a character named Randolph "Randy" Dupree and goes by just "Dupree" is peak Owen Wilson.After Dupree loses his apartment and his job, the couple lets him move in. The problem is that he doesn't get the memo that he has to move out eventually.Lance Armstrong makes a cameo as himself: he's seen reading the book that Dupree ends up writing, 7 Different Kinds of Smoke: Living, Loving, and Finding your Inner "-ness."Jim Carrey plays Carl Allen, a man who closes himself off by saying no to everything. Then he runs into an old coworker who gushes about a new philosophy he's discovered: saying "Yes!" to every opportunity. Carl skeptically attends a self-improvement seminar run by the man behind the "Yes!" movement and is converted. He decides to say yes to life! Even in situations in which he probably shouldn't say yes! This setup gives Carrey an excellent showcase for his manic comedy.He meets a Manic Pixie Dream Girl played by Zooey Deschanel and she helps him go on this impulsive life journey. They do fun, quirky things together, like going to the airport and taking the first flight that leaves (they end up in Lincoln, Nebraska and have a grand old time).Cuba Gooding Jr. had an amazing career resurgence in 2016 when he starred as O. J. Simpson in Ryan Murphy's The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story. Many consider 2002's Snow Dogs to be a a low point in his career, but it's also an amazing cultural artifact of the '00s. The Disney movie finds Gooding playing a dentist from sunny Miami who unexpectedly inherits a team of sled dogs in Alaska. For plot reasons, he goes to Alaska and learns to become a musher.Snow Dogs is "inspired by" the book Winterdance: The Fine Madness of Running the Iditarod by Gary Paulsen, aka, the author of Hatchet. Winterdance is similarly intense, documenting Paulsen's real life experience competing in the Iditarod, surviving snowstorms, frostbite, dogfights, moose attacks, and hallucinations.Snow Dogs has its requisite dangerous mushing scenes to give the story a fitting climax, but it's nowhere near intense enough to merit being based on this gritty Gary Paulsen book.---Do you remember any of these comedies from the '00s? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Science fiction television existed even before most people had televisions-- the BBC ran a televised version of a sci-fi stage play called R.U.R. all the way back in 1938, which is generally considered to be the first time sci-fi was ever broadcast anywhere on TV. In America, sci-fi made its television debut in 1949 via the futuristic adventure series Captain Video and His Video Rangers, which ran through 1955.That said, it was during the 1960s that sci-fi television really came into its own, from Star Trek to Doctor Who to The Twilight Zone. While it has experienced various stretches where its popularity waned a bit, sci-fi has never really been absent from our television screens. In particular, it really seemed to see a resurgence in the late-1980s with the debut of Star Trek: The Next Generation, and it hasn't really slowed down since.At the turn of the millennium, when we finally reached the once-futuristic-sounding "year 2000," it felt like there was yet another renaissance of sci-fi TV. The increased affordability of computer-driven special effects for television shows only further fueled a new generation of sci-fi TV shows during the first decade of the 21st century.Of course, for every hit like Lost and widely-loved cult favorite like Firefly, there are dozens more sci-fi shows that have faded into obscurity, largely only remembered by the relatively small number of people who actually gave them a chance and managed to click with them.Here are 20 Forgettable '00s Sci-Fi TV Shows Only Superfans Remember.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAlthough Flash Gordon was originally a comic strip and then a 1950s TV series, what is by far the most well-known incarnation of the franchise is the delightfully cheesy 1980 movie with that iconic Queen theme song. It shouldn't come as a surprise that the movie's screenwriter-- Lorenzo Semple Jr.-- was one of the driving forces behind the campy 1960s Batman live-action series, as the similarities are impossible to deny.Speaking of the Adam West Batman series, there was a time when it was scoffed at by fans of the Caped Crusader and comic book adaptations in general, but people eventually began to come around and recognize how fun and innovative it truly was. Still, during that time when people seemed to be determined to distance themselves from anything equating a superhero to "fun" or "silliness," the 2007 Flash Gordon reboot aimed to give the character a more modern, more serious makeover.The result? One episode of the show was called "quite possibly the worst episode of anything, ever" by UK-based sci-fi magazine SFX, which later called the series itself the worst of any that it had ever reviewed during the course of its then-200-issue run.SyFy Channel, which ran the show, thought it was at least popular enough to let its entire 21-episode first season run its course-- but they didn't renew it for a second season.Painkiller Jane was initially just a comic book miniseries starring the titular gun-toting heroine, but she would eventually cameo in/have crossovers with a number of big-name series, including The Punisher, Hellboy, Vampirella, and The Terminator. A new standalone series has also recently been launched, just in time for news of a Painkiller Jane movie.Though it has been a slow-moving production, everything seems to still be on track for an eventual Painkiller Jane feature film starring Jessica Chastain. That won't be the first time Jane has seen a live-action adaptation. The first was the 2005 SyFy Channel original movie starring Emmanuelle Vaugier, Richard Roundtree, and Grey's Anatomy's Eric Dane.  Two years later, the cable network decided to see Jane go again, this time with a series.Starring Kristanna Loken as well as sci-fi TV show regular Alaina Huffman (Supernatural, Smallville, Stargate Universe), the show only lasted for a single 22-episode season.It wasn't received as positively as the movie (which also was only slightly-well-received to begin with).After that, SyFy went back to making movies about giant hybrid monsters, and Jane took some time off from subpar adaptations. Here's hoping that Ms. Chastain can finally do right by the intriguing character.If you think that Marvel and Fox fighting over who owns what in terms of Marvel Comics properties is something that didn't really happen much until the MCU, think again. It was happening at least as far back as 2001, the year the syndicated TV series Mutant X debuted.Fox, whose deal to develop X-Men properties was already in place, claimed that Marvel and Fireworks Entertainment had created a show that was too similar to the X-Men in Mutant X, with a judge ruling that Mutant X could continue so long as it didn't make any specific references to the X-Men. Sound familiar?Connected to the Mutant X comic book series largely in name only-- and sans the X-Men characters that appeared in it, like Havok, Ice-Man, Elektra, and Magneto-- the TV show introduced new characters Adam Kane, Shalimar Fox, Jesse Kilmartin, Emma DeLauro, and others who had gained mutant-like powers via genetic engineering (rather than being born with them, another important distinction from the X-Men).The show had a decent enough following to go for three seasons and was even renewed for a fourth, but was the unfortunate victim of the acquisition and subsequent closure of its main production company, Fireworks Entertainment.Perhaps as something of a final middle finger to Fox, Marvel would eventually retroactively add the events and characters of the Mutant X TV show to an official alternate reality within the Marvel universe, making them Marvel canon (kind of).Throughout the 2000s, television networks were desperately trying to replicate the success of Lost-- arguably none more than ABC itself, who kept trying to get something going to take over for Lost as it wound down toward the end of the decade. Who better to pitch Lost's replacement than someone who had worked on Lost?Javier Grillo-Marxuach, who was one of the main writers on the first two seasons of Lost, decided to adapt his own comic book series into ABC's next potential sci-fi hit. Debuting in June of 2008, The Middleman starred Matt Keeslar (Dollhouse, Masters of Horror) and Natalie Morales (Parks and Recreation, Santa Clarita Diet) as a freelance "fixer" and his sidekick, respectively, who took on all manner of sci-fi villain tropes.Met with strong critical praise, the show was farmed out to ABC's cable channel ABC Family (now called Freeform), which seemed an odd fit for a witty sci-fi series as it sat alongside fare like Greek, The Secret Life of the American Teenager, and and Make It or Break It. The show failed to find its ideal audience on the network, and it was canceled after only 12 episodes-- though the crew was originally promised 13. The story planned for that final show was instead moved to The Middleman's comic series in an effort to properly tie up the events of the show. The comic books continued through 2014.Apparently, 2007 was the year to revive decades-only, campy sci-fi, and give it a modern twist. Or maybe it wasn't, as Bionic Woman wasn't any more successful in this endeavor than Flash Gordon.Even though Bionic Woman had the benefit of being on NBC rather than SyFy Channel, it didn't fare much better than Flash Gordon in terms of critical reception.A common criticism was against star Michelle Ryan, who was accused of being "too inert, not nearly aggressive enough for the role," with one reviewer flat out saying they "got the wrong Bionic Woman." In fact, most critics felt that the show made a huge mistake in casting Ryan in the lead role rather than Battlestar Galactica's Katee Sackhoff, who played a rival bionic woman and just made everyone who watched the show wish she was the star instead.Ratings-wise, the show started off strongly, with its debut episode drawing NBC's highest numbers for a midweek premier since The West Wing in 1999. Unfortunately, the show ended up being one of the many victims of the 2007-2008 writers' strike, and was put on hiatus after its first eight episodes were produced and aired-- after which NBC chose not to renew it even after the strike was over.We're all still waiting on our Katee Sackhoff-led Bionic Woman re-reboot!Starting with the oft-repeated story of how the original Star Trek series was canceled early in its run but was brought back due to intense fan outcry, it's been something of a tradition for sci-fi shows to rely on passionate fans to keep them afloat admit floundering ratings.After the high-concept Jericho was axed by CBS after only a single season, its fans sent an astonishing 20 tons of nuts to CBS' headquarters as a message that they wanted another season, in reference to a character's catch phrase in the season one finale.CBS relented, and gave the show-- which starred Skeet Ulrich (Scream, Riverdale), Lennie James (The Walking Dead, Blade Runner 2049), and Ashley Scott (Dark Angel, Birds of Prey) in a post-apocalyptic world decimated by nuclear war-- an order for a second season. However, the ratings just still weren't there-- and in fact, were even worse than they had ever been.CBS' entertainment boss, Nina Tassler, admitted that while there were "passionate viewers watching the program; we simply wish there were more." At the end of the day, ratings are where the money is, and no money means no show.Luckily, Jericho is one of those shows that got to live in on comic book form, with two additional "seasons" taking place within the pages of a series of IDW-published comic books.Before ridiculously-successful filmmaker James Cameron decided to dedicate the majority of his energy to making five Avatar movies-- and badmouthing comic book movies at every opportunity-- he actually took a brief detour into television with the sci-fi series Dark Angel.The first major breakthrough role for future superstar-- and star of multiple movies based on comic books (Fantastic Four, Sin City)-- Jessica Alba, Dark Angel was one of the higher-budget network TV shows of its era when it debuted in 2000. As such, it needed to maintain pretty stellar ratings in order to justify its cost, which it failed to do following an ill-advised move to Friday nights and some questionable plot changes in the second season.Even a show led by James Cameron, still hot off of the massive success of Titanic and with basically unlimited money to pour into it, is no match for bad ratings.Still, Dark Angel, especially lead character Max and Alba's performance of her, was well-received and is often considered a worthy inclusion to Cameron's stable of strong female action heroes that includes the likes of Ellen Ripley and Sarah Connor.The show was also popular enough to justify continuation via thee novels and a video game adaptation for PlayStation 2 and Xbox, with Alba returning to voice Max.Threshold boasted a pretty impressive cast of past, present, and then-future sci-fi icons, featuring the talents of Carla Gugino (Watchmen, Wayward Pines); Brent Spiner (Star Trek: The Next Generation); Peter Dinklage (X-Men: Days of Future Past, Avengers: Infinity War); and Charles S. Dutton (Alien³). It had some pretty big heavy-hitters behind the scenes as well, produced by Brannon Braga (Star Trek), David Heyman (Harry Potter), and prolific comic book adapter David S. Goyer. What could go wrong?Well, the first misstep was when CBS decided to debut the show on Friday nights. It was then moved to Tuesday nights in an effort to find more viewers, only it was put up against the immensely popular Law & Order: SVU-- which would prove to be the second and ultimately fatal mistake made in regards to the show. Threshold was such a ratings disaster that CBS didn't even think it was worth airing all 13 already-produced episodes, showing only nine of them.The show centered around a top-secret government task force whose job it is to deal with the threat of extraterrestrial beings without the general public finding out about it. Like any show early in its run, Threshold was still finding its voice and was getting all the pesky origin stuff out of the way when the plug was pulled, so it never really got the chance to come into its own and make use of its stellar cast and creative team.For whatever reason, a lot of sci-fi television shows go the aquatic route, taking place on, near, or under the water and with a heavy emphasis on fictional sea creatures. The success of ABC's Lost certainly didn't do much to dissuade people from thinking that the key to sci-fi TV show success is to have some sort of watery backdrop to the proceedings.Since it debuted only a year after Lost it is hard to accuse Surface of being a direct imitator as it was likely already in the works, but the former's success probably had a lot to do with getting the latter green-lit.In Surface, various strange occurrences are happening across the world both in and related to Earth's oceans, and it's up to marine biologist Laura Daughtery (played by Lake Bell, with the perfect name for someone who stars in a sea-based show) and various others to get to the bottom of it. Among Bell's co-stars were a pre-Gossip Girl Leighton Meester, and Jay R. Ferguson, who would go on to play Stan Rizzo on Mad Men and the father on the sitcom The Real O'Neals.NBC squandered whatever buzz Surface had built through its initial ten-episode airing by putting the show on an extended hiatus-- only to find that nobody cared anymore when it finally returned months later. After airing the final five produced episodes, Surface was canceled in May 2006.J. Michael Straczynski is a name well known to sci-fi fan. In addition to being the creator of the beloved series Babylon 5, Straczynski was the main writer on the Amazing Spider-Man comic book series from 2001 to 2007, was a major creative force behind the first season of The Real Ghostbusters, wrote several episodes of the 1985 Twilight Zone reboot, co-created the Netflix series Sense8 with the Wachowskis, and was a co-writer on the movies Thor, World War Z, and Underworld: Awakening.Not counting the short-lived 1999 Babylon 5 spin-off Crusade, Straczynski's next foray into television was the Showtime series Jeremiah.The 2003 sci-fi show took place in a post-apocalyptic world decimated by a deadly virus-- back before that was a completely overdone concept for a television show. It starred Luke Perry (Beverly Hills 90210, The Fifth Element), Malcolm-Jamal Warner (The Cosby Show, Community), Sean Astin (Lord of the Rings, Stranger Things), and Kandyse McClure (Battlestar Galactica, Hemlock Grove).While the plan was for Jeremiah's story-- based on a series of 1970s novels-- to be told over five seasons, managerial changes at Showtime led to a move away from sci-fi programming, and thus the show was canceled before it even reached season three. In fact, Showtime so quickly lost interest in the show that it initially only aired the first half of the second season, waiting an entire year before it finally showed the final eight episodes in 2004.One part Highlander, one part cop drama, and one part breakthrough television role of a future Lannister, New Amsterdam is a bit ironic in that's a show about a 400-year old man that only managed to last eight episodes.Starring Game of Thrones' Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, New Amsterdam's short run lasted from March to April of 2008 and focused on a modern-day New York police officer who had a spell cast on him centuries ago that made him look eternally 35 years old.It had a very strong start, with its pilot episode finishing 6th in the ratings that week-- but dropped to 15th by week two, 20th by week four, and 52nd by week five. Fox didn't give it many more weeks with which to continue its rapid descent, and pulled the plug after episode eight. The show did manage to earn an Emmy nomination, for Main Title Design, but it didn't stand a chance as it was up against the legendary Mad Men opening title sequence.Obviously, Coster-Waldau's career was just fine, as were those of co-stars Stephen Henderson (Lincoln, Lady Bird), Zuleika Robinson (Homeland, The Following), and co-creator Christian Taylor (who went on to co-create the animated series Star Wars: The Clone Wars).Some shows do pretty much everything right, but are victims of circumstances beyond anyone's control. Invasion, ABC's 2005 sci-fi show loosely based on Invasion of the Body Snatchers, was about a hurricane that ended up spawning water creatures that began terrorizing citizens. There was just one problem-- Hurricane Katrina, which hit right when promos for Invasion were just beginning.Fearing the backlash of promoting a sci-fi show about a fake hurricane amidst news of a real-- and devastating-- hurricane, ABC ceased promoting the show almost entirely.It's too bad, because the William Fichtner-led show was a hit with critics and with the audience that managed to find it despite the lack of promotion. Other members of the solid cast included future American Horror Story star Evan Peters, a pre-Mad Men Elisabeth Moss, and Kari Matchett of the hit USA show Covert Affairs.The cast and crew of the show seemed more baffled than anyone by Invasion's premature cancellation. Actor Tyler Labine (Tucker & Dale vs Evil, Reaper) once told The A.V. Club, "I still to this day don't know why that show got canceled. It was just that the network didn't love it, that's all."Creator Shaun Cassidy was asked during a Reddit AMA which cancellation of one of his shows bothered him the most, and he chose Invasion, saying it was "the most surprising."Before beginning his ten-years-and-counting stint as Dr. Owen Hunt on Grey's Anatomy, Scottish actor Kevin McKidd was given a few other shots at television stardom that ultimately didn't pan out. He spent two seasons as one of the main cast members on the short-lived Showtime period drama Rome, and between that and Grey's, he headlined a sci-fi series called Journeyman on NBC.In a conceit inspired by classic sci-fi series Quantum Leap, Journeyman was about a reporter who finds himself suddenly jumping backward in time into scenarios where it seems he is meant to change someone's fate in a positive way. In an interesting twist, the reporter eventually crosses paths with his ex-fiancee, who he believed to have passed away but had actually been jumping back in time herself.Journeyman got only 13 episodes before word came that NBC was shutting the show down. Inspired by a similar stunt pulled by Jericho fans to get a second season of that show made, Journeyman fans began sending boxes of Rice-A-Roni to NBC, as the product was connected to San Francisco where the show was set. Though it proved to be a futile endeavor, it at least got the attention of creator Kevin Falls, who wrote on his blog how touched he was by the outpouring of support for his show.Sci-fi lends itself quite well to parody, and when done right, a parody of sci-fi can be just as compelling as "serious" sci-fi. For instance, many people consider the 1999 film Galaxy Quest to be one of the best "Star Trek movies" ever made, even though it isn't actually a Star Trek movie. Seth McFarlane's The Orville was recently renewed for a second season.There are those sci-fi shows that fall somewhere in the middle of the spectrum, not quite classic but far from embarrassing.Such is the case of the very-short-lived Starhyke, a British sci-fi series that had so much trouble proving itself worthy of existing that it was filmed in 2004 but didn't make its official television debut until 2011, a whopping seven years later.Starring Babylon 5's Claudia Christian as well as Bobba Fett himself, Jeremy Bulloch, Starhyke unfortunately never made much of an impact despite its long developmental road and its cast featuring sci-fi royalty.It wasn't all a total loss, though, as the show's creator discovered he had a brain tumor from the medical check-up that was required for him to get insurance on the project, and it was caught early enough that he was able to have it successfully removed.Few shows start off as ambitiously and then crash and burn as quickly as Defying Gravity. A massive production that involved six different companies across four countries (Canada, Germany, England, and the United States), Gravity definitely wasn't lacking in developmental muscle or broadcast reach. The large ensemble cast was led by Ron Livingston (Office Space, Band of Brothers) and it was created by James D. Parriott, who had been a writer and executive producer on Ugly Betty and Grey's Anatomy.The show, which took place aboard a spaceship in the year 2052, was yet another series that only ever got to produce an unlucky 13 episodes before being canceled. It's hard to say for sure exactly why Defying Gravity failed so hard and so quickly-- though in terms of its American broadcast, it being initially aired as a summer show probably didn't do it any favors in helping it to find an audience.So quickly did ABC turn its back on Gravity that by November 2009, only a month after the finale, all mention of the show was completely removed from ABC's website, and it only remained available on Hulu for a very short time after. Apparently, it didn't do any better in any of the other four countries where it aired as they didn't bother pushing ahead with continuing the series either.There seems to be no middle ground with anthology series. They either last a long time and are extremely well-received - like The Twilight Zone, Tales from the Crypt, and Black Mirror - or they barely find an audience and disappear shortly after they debut. This style of show definitely seems to be finding new life via online streaming services, but for a while there, nobody could seem to hit on a formula for an anthology series on TV that warranted the ratings to last more than a season or two.After the success of Masters of Horror on Showtime, the producers of that show decided to apply the formula to science fiction. Thus, Masters of Science Fiction debuted on ABC in August of 2007. Like most anthology series, Masters boasted some high-caliber talent, including such actors as Malcolm McDowell, John Hurt, Sean Astin, James Cromwell, Clifton Collins Jr, Brian Dennehy, Terry O'Quinn, and Sam Waterston.The show was narrated by the late Stephen Hawking, and one of the episodes was directed by Star Trek: TNG's Jonathan Frakes. Like Horror, Masters of Science Fiction's episodes were largely adaptations of existing stories by noted authors of the genre.ABC only ran four of the initial six episodes, and didn't order any additional seasons. In 2012, the Science Channel optioned the rights to air the series' entire run, altering the title to Stephen Hawking's Sci-Fi Masters.It's fascinating how a modestly-profitable sci-fi film with a mostly lukewarm reception that probably should've been forgotten a year after its release was eventually spun off into three different live-action series, two direct-to-DVD movies, a web series, novels, comic books, and several video games (including a planned-- but ultimately canceled-- massively-multiplayer online game, of all things). Stargate's second life as a popular TV brand was also responsible for introducing a new generation of viewers to Richard Dean Anderson, formerly of MacGyver fame.Stargate also spawned a seldom-remembered early '00s animated series called Stargate Infinity. The non-canonical series was kid-focused and aired on Fox's Saturday morning lineup from 2002 to 2003. While many Stargate fans didn't get on board with the show due to its child-friendly nature and its very low-budget look, the show did earn some moderate praise. Its small fanbase was disappointed when the show was canceled due to low ratings before any of the plot threads introduced in its first and only season could be properly resolved.Nonetheless, Stargate Infinity was popular enough to warrant separate DVD releases in 2003, 2007, and 2008, so it's easy enough to get a hold of for Stargate fans who missed it and are curious to check out this strange little offshoot of the franchise.Adrian Paul has definitely been making the sci-fi rounds over the last few decades. While he is most well-known as the lead character on the '90s Highlander TV series, Paul has also appeared in the series War of the Worlds, Relic Hunter, and Charmed, in addition to the films The Void, Code Hunter/Storm Watch, AE: Apocalypse Earth, Eyeborgs, Alien Outpost, and two installments in the Highlander movie franchise.Adrian Paul tried to follow up his success on Highlander: The Series with another headlining role on a sci-fi show, but it wasn't anywhere near as immortal as his signature role. Debuting in 2001 on Canadian television, Tracker told the story of an alien who comes to Earth in order to capture hundreds of prisoners who had escaped their confinement and taken the identities of existing humans. The show failed to gain much of an audience and only lasted 22 episodes.Interestingly, in a similar strategy to what would later be successfully utilized by shows like Futurama and Family Guy, three episodes of the show were later cut together and repackaged as a TV movie called Alien Tracker-- but that also failed to garner much interest and no further "movies" were created from the remaining episodes.Even if you've never seen this show, you probably recognize its blue-haired heroine, Six, who was plastered across billboards and the sides of buses in the early-00s. For those that were able to give the show a chance in spite of its ridiculously-designed poster girl, they found a show that, well, is about as classy as you'd expect.While modeled as a Star Trek parody, the computer-animated Tripping the Rift was mostly aimed at teenage boys, full of animated flesh, potty humor, and characters with names like Chode McBlob and episodes with titles like "You Wanna Put That Where?"-- even worse, that particular episode is about the crew landing on an all-gay planet, and is handled about as tastefully as you'd expect.Rift somehow managed to score some decent voice talent, with a cast that included Stephen Root (King of the Hill) Gina Gershon (The Batman), and Maurice LaMarche (Futurama), as well as the casting of Carmen Electra and Jenny McCarthy.Perhaps because of the juvenile humor and copious amounts of digital eye candy, Tripping the Rift lasted for a baffling three seasons and spawned a direct-to-DVD movie.  Fans were disappointed to find that not only was the movie just three episodes of the show cut together, but that the supposedly uncensored film still featured the "censor balloons" over female body parts that the original broadcasts did.Before Showtime decided it was done being in the sci-fi television business, it was actually making a name for itself as being a home for sci-fi fans. In addition to the aforementioned Jeremiah, the cable channel also aired a sci-fi showing starring original Robocop Peter Weller.Odyssey 5 stars Weller as a member of a shuttle crew who are on a routine space flight when Earth is mysteriously destroyed. The crew is then visited by a being called Seeker who offers them the opportunity to travel back in time five years prior to the Earth's destruction in an effort to prevent the world from ending. The story went unresolved when it was canceled after only 19 episodes, ending on a cliffhanger.Series creator Manny Coto didn't have to lick his wounds for long over Odyssey 5's cancellation, as he immediately jumped on board as the lead showrunner for Star Trek: Enterprise, following that up with extended writing stints on 24  and Dexter.While it would be the last project headlined by Peter Weller, the actor has appeared in a number of TV series since then, including Netflix series Longmire, which has also seen him sit in the director's chair for 4 episodes.---What's your favorite forgotten sci-fi show from the 2000s? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A decade of television that is often seen in the best possible terms, during the 2000s, fans were treated to an extremely long list of quality television shows. Of course, with that said, if you go back and watch some of the shows that you used to think were good from that era without nostalgia glasses, you may feel disappointed..In order for a show to be considered for possible inclusion on this list, it first and foremost needs to be a sitcom that aired in the 2000s that over time has grown to be seen in a worse light. That doesn’t mean it needs to have been a critical darling during its initial run, as long as it is now considered worse than it once was. We also want to make it clear that for the purposes of this list we didn't consider shows that began airing in 2010, as that was our cut off point.A kind of show that was designed to be as easily digestible as possible, many sitcoms end up going for the easiest and most timely jokes possible. That fact makes this television format especially vulnerable to coming off ever more poorly as time goes on. Realizing all of this inspired us to put together this list of 15 sitcoms from the 2000s that have aged poorly.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewWe know, we know, the inclusion of Will & Grace on this list may seem illogical considering it has been given a revival that aired one season already and has been renewed for more. If that weren’t enough, this entry may feel even more egregious for some as the show was ground-breaking, given that it debuted with a gay character as a series lead. If you feel that way we totally get it and we respect this show’s accomplishments as well. That said, none of that precludes the previous version of this show from aging poorly, which we feel very strongly it has.An interesting series as in some ways it was more inclusive that pretty much any mainstream show in North American history up to that point, despite that, Will & Grace was also harsh a lot of the time. We say that because it can be really hard to sit through Jack’s many jokes about Will being fat, the endless array of gay puns, or the remarks about Karen’s heritage. That said, even though the show can be quite cringeworthy for that alone, there is another problem with it that has caused it to age poorly. A victim of the stunt casting bug, Will & Grace seemed overjoyed to roll out the red carpet for anyone who was famous at the time and some of those former stars have since faded away or worse.One of the longest running sitcoms of its era, The King of Queens debuted in 1998 and managed to stick around for an impressive nine seasons. A series that was notable for a lot of things, like turning Kevin James, Leah Remini, and Patton Oswalt into stars or bringing Jerry Stiller back to television, it also created a dedicated fan base. Never exactly a critic’s darling, however, a big part of the show’s charm was that it felt like it was created by, starred, and was made for the average man and woman.Suddenly relevant in recent years, The King of Queens has been talked about a lot of late due to the reunion of Kevin James and Leah Remini in a new show, Kevin Can Wait. A return of a TV couple that was celebrated by many people, it left us wondering one thing, had these people watched The King of Queens recently? We say that because we find the dynamic their King of Queens characters shared pretty off-putting in retrospect. One of the best examples of a television phenomenon we would love to see never return, the fat guy with a hot wife that nags him all the time thing is incredibly tired. Of course, that is also to say nothing about the fact that it feels awfully sexist too.One of a select group of television series that have managed to become sensations of sorts, How I Met Your Mother had an extremely devoted following. Perfectly evidenced by the fact that several books based around concepts seen on the show were released, including The Bro Code and The Playbook, fans of this series liked it a whole lot. As a result of that, it aired nine seasons and people waited with bated breath to see the titular mother debut in the flesh. Of course, there is a long history in television of shows dipping in quality as they progress and many people feel that happened with HIMYM. Still, this series was quite acclaimed throughout much of its initial run.Proof positive of how much a society can change in a short period of time, How I Met Your Mother ended in 2014 and it has already aged poorly. Meant to focus on a hopeless romantic’s quest to find his one true love, the show’s main character often drew women in by speaking about his thoughts on romance and then tossed them aside. Then you had Barney Stinson, a character whose whole shtick was scamming woman into going to bed with him through the use of insane deceptions. A habit the show most often celebrated him for, aside from other characters occasionally chastising him in between laughing at his horrific deeds. Aside from Marshall, the guys in this show are revolting.One of the most dependable pop culture trends, as each generation grows in to adulthood, they are bound to feel major nostalgia for the years of their youth. As such, the idea of creating a sitcom in the nineties that played on the affection that people felt for a couple of decades earlier was a pretty fantastic one. As a result, That '70s Show not only came into existence but it was also a big enough hit to make stars out of almost all of its young stars. Additionally, Fox was so eager to recreate its success that they created a spin-off series, That ‘80s Show, even in the midst of the original sitcom’s run.No longer able to hold up for a number of reasons, first off, when the show first began airing the idea of network television showing youngsters partaking was seen as edgy and cool. These days, however, even some of the safest series have gone there, so you need to be far wittier about it than That ‘70s Show ever was. Next, the show’s main character, Eric Forman, has become ever less likable as his mistreatment of his longtime girlfriend, Donna Pinciotti, stands out in the world of modern television. Finally, in light of the man accusations that were made against one of the show’s lead actors, Danny Masterson, his scenes can no longer be viewed in the same light.One of HBO’s biggest shows not too long ago, at one time Entourage was a big enough deal that it could attract a seemingly endless array of guest stars. For instance, some of its most notable cameos include the likes of James Cameron, Dennis Hopper, Gary Busey, Scarlett Johansson, Peter Dinklage, and Kanye West. Despite all of those celebrities, at its core, the show was about the relationships its main characters had with one another.A major part of this series right from the start, unlike the other Entourage lead characters, Ari Gold did not grow up alongside the likes of Vinnie Chase, Turtle, E, and Drama. However, once he is hired to represent the group’s main star, Vinne, Ari becomes a key member of this group of friends. Evidently, that means they have no problem with the endless scenes in which he is abusive to his many underlings. Well, we’re not, despite the show’s attempt to show him as secretly caring for the people he habitually mistreats. Worst of all, we’re supposed to be fine with the way he treats the kind hearted Lloyd, a character he demeans for being gay and Mongolian-American. In addition to all of that, the fact that the actor that plays Ari, Jeremy Piven, has been accused of horrific things in real life only makes it all worse.A show that has a lot in common with Entourage, Two and a Half Men also featured a wealthy main character that made his fortune in entertainment. Additionally, Two and Half Men’s Charlie Harper also lived a hard lifestyle and had a sibling that sponged off of him for years. However, that is where the shows diverged as Two and a Half Men existed on network television so it couldn’t push the envelope as much, and it always went for the cheapest, laugh track inducing jokes. That said, no matter how many detractors Two and a Half Men had during its run, to say it was a smash hit somehow seems like an understatement.A sitcom that went through two distinct eras, it seems as though Two and a Half Men was defined by its lead actor. We say that because Charlie Sheen and Ashton Kutcher have incredibly different images and played characters that in a lot of ways were polar opposites of one another. Still, both versions of the series have already not passed the test of time. Starting out as a show that featured a heartless misogynist in its main role, with Sheen at its helm viewers saw him treat women as objects and many female guest stars were portrayed as stupid. On the other hand, under Kutcher, the series focused on a hopeless romantic but his character’s embrace of Sheen’s sponge of a brother never made sense and the show never hit its stride.A show that aired in between 2005 and 2009, My Name Is Earl’s creator deserves a lot of credit for his fantastic idea. Focused on the titular character, Earl Hickey, when the show begins, he is a down on his luck small-time thief whose personal life is chock filled with drama. Then everything changes for him after he wins the lottery only to be hit by a car and lose the ticket. Introduced to the concept of karma while lying in his hospital bed, it quickly becomes his core belief after he does something kind and then finds his winning lottery ticket. As a result, Earl sits down and writes a list of all his misdeeds and then in each subsequent episode, viewers got to witness his attempts to make things right.Pretty great when the show began, the series works at first in large part due to things like its talented supporting cast. However, it began to run on fumes amazingly quickly as the often cartoonish characters at its core were revealed to be extremely one-note. It even seems as though the people behind the scenes knew the show had hit the skids to a degree, considering the series reinvented itself to a large degree during its third season. A show that began to fall apart quickly while it still aired in a weekly format, the show’s incredibly repetitive nature stands out, even more, when you view it in binge format now.Only able to last for two seasons, despite that, when Grounded for Life debuted it seemed very clear that Fox thought they’d found their next hit sitcom. Never able to live up to that level of expectation, there is still no doubt that the show was able to develop a following that swore by it at the time. However, we feel quite confident that the majority of those viewers would no longer have as much affection for the series if they rewatched it with current eyes.A show that debuted in the early 2000s, to say that Grounded for Life is a relic of the era in which it was created is an understatement. Clearly, an attempt to follow in the footsteps of shows like Married... With Children and Unhappily Ever After, this series is stuffed to the gills with sarcasm, immaturity, and even occasional nastiness. Worse yet, even if you are looking for a sitcom that is going to push the envelope and flirt with tastelessness, this show is likely not going to hit the right note for you as it pulls its punches. All in all, over time, the flawed nature of this series has only become all the more obvious.Two actors with very different careers, Jennie Garth became famous as a star of Beverly Hills 90210 while Amanda Bynes’ rise began as the lead in some family friendly Nickelodeon shows. They were extremely different paths to take, but they still ended up working together when they played the two main characters in the sitcom What I Like About You. A series that was much more in line with the shows that made Bynes a star, this mostly inoffensive series could be relied upon to be an enjoyable way of spending a half hour of your life. Sadly, in the years since it first aired, its family friendly nature, which was its main selling point, has been tarnished.At one time an actor that seemed like she had it all figured out and had a great career in front of her, Amanda Bynes then underwent what can only be described as a meltdown. Announcing that she was through with acting as the 2010s dawned, after that, it was her personal life that garnered attention for her. Eventually able to put her life back together, her issues seem to have in part stemmed from the pressures of fame. As such, watching her in a bland sitcom that contributed to a career that sent her down that path is a wholly different and less fun experience.A series that aired on CBS from 2008 until 2010, Gary Unmarried was the kind of sitcom that flew under the radar but was generally liked by those that tuned in. A show that only a few decades ago never would have existed, as its name may have given away, it focused on a divorced couple as they co-parent and start new relationships. The kind of story that would never have passed in the days of Ozzie and Harriet, it was refreshing to see a sitcom that put its main characters in a situation that millions of people can relate to.Far from unique today, in pretty much every way Gary Unmarried feels terribly aged. For instance, it starred Jay Mohr, an actor that was highly in demand when this show debuted, but now barely ever works onscreen and is likely unknown to many people. On top of that, the relative uniqueness of featuring a divorced couple at the core of a show has been decimated by a long list of shows about fractured families that have existed since then. Finally, the show’s humor itself no longer works to a large degree as TV viewers are sick of the kind of juvenile characters this show is filled with.The kind of thing that you don’t see nearly as much in the current TV environment, during the eighties, nineties, and 2000s, many stand-up comedians were given their own sitcoms to star in. A trend that gave the world some fantastic series like Seinfeld, The Larry Sanders Show, and far too many others to list here, some sitcoms led by comedians have been mostly forgotten. An example of just that, Titus was based on stand-up routines that had made its lead actor, Christopher Titus, a rising star in the comedy world. Evidently a person with a somewhat dark outlook on life, Christopher made for an interesting person to focus a network television show around.Featuring a slew of characters that are genuinely unlikable, the only real bright spot that Titus offers up is Cynthia Watros’ character, Erin Fitzpatrick. A fact that at one time was actually seen as a strength of this series, Titus stood out because it didn’t end each episode with a group hug. However, in the years since this show was cancelled, that has become a great deal more common, so this series now has to stand on its own merits, something it fails to do.From one show based on awful people to another, this time around it is time to look at The War at Home, a sitcom that is centered on a messed up family. Starring Michael Rapaport, an actor that was known for playing loud mouths, he seemed like a strange choice to lead a sitcom. That said, once you turned into his show, it became clear that casting him was a pretty ingenious move, as he could easily pull off playing a dad that pulled absolutely no punches.Produced by Fox while it was airing other shows like The Simpsons, Malcolm in the Middle, and other sitcoms in that vein, this series was well received by the network’s audience at that time. That said, plucked out of that lineup all these years later, this sitcom is a pretty hard watch. After all, Michael Rapaport‘s character is a total bigot who seems to relish ranting at his kids, especially his eldest son who he presumes is homosexual, you know, because gay panic is hilarious. Evidently an attempt to follow in the footsteps of shows like All in the Family, as Rapaport’s character often gets his comeuppance, this series revels in his intolerance with far too much glee for our taste.Finally, we get to look at a show that featured a dad that clearly cherished his children, even if he was exasperated by them on a regular basis. 8 Simple Rules made its television debut in 2002 and, at first, the series revolved around a father and sports writer played by comedy legend John Ritter. Sadly, while the show was still in production, Ritter suddenly passed away. An event that impacted millions of people that had followed his career for decades, his former co-workers suffered a serious blow as they lost their star and friend. However, the decision was made to soldier on and the show handled his character’s death in a fashion that helped millions of people to cope with their real-life feelings of loss.Clearly, a series that was easy to root for after the blows it was dealt, we still have a great deal of respect for certain episodes of 8 Simple Rules. However, we also recognize that this show simply was not very good at all after the episodes dealing with Ritter’s death are over. Forced to bring in a pair of new stars to help anchor the series, James Garner and David Spade were chosen. Nowhere near as entertaining as Ritter was, now that we no longer have rose colored glasses on all the time when watching this show, we think their episodes simply fail.One of the biggest television stars of all-time, Bill Cosby has played a pivotal part in so many hit shows it is astounding. For instance, shows like I Spy, The Bill Cosby Show, Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids, A Different World, and Kids Say the Darndest Things all featured him in an important role. On top of that, he starred in The Cosby Show, a sitcom that was the most popular sitcom on television for years. As a result, when he made his return with Cosby, a show that ended its run in the 2000s, it was seen as the return of a gigantic TV star.Further proof of Bill Cosby possessing the Midas touch throughout most of his career, Cosby had a solid run over four years. In fact, over its run, it was nominated for a long list of accolades, including at the Emmys, NAACP Image Awards, People’s Choice Awards, and the TV Guide Awards. However, it seems pretty obvious that this show will not be seen in syndication very much at all going forward. Named after a person that is now utterly disgraced because the world learned that he has done atrocious things to many women, that has rendered this show pretty much unwatchable.Without a doubt the most acclaimed television series on this list, at one time Louie was widely seen as being among that absolute best shows on television. A fact that made all the sense in the world, considering its star was also seen as being one of the best comedians around, as his unique way of seeing the world transferred over very well. In fact, this show was so respected that it won sixteen awards and was nominated for another sixty-two. On top of that, according to Metacritic, every season of the show was reviewed positively by at least ninety percent of critics and it was also included on many year-end lists of the top shows.Able to attain a lofty position in the hearts of fans and critics alike, for that reason, Louie had a far way to fall. The main person behind the show, Louis C.K. created and starred in the show and also served as its main writer and director and even did all editing for the show’s first two seasons. With all of this in mind, there are few shows that are more linked to the voice of a single person than this show. That fact has permanently decimated this series in light of him admitting to severely mistreating several women in real-life. This is especially true since there is an episode of the show named “Pamela: Part 1” that features his character trying to force himself on his female friend.--Which of these do you think has aged worst? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Teen dramas are a cornerstone of television, and no matter how old we get they make for some truly compelling stories when done right. Whether those stories are tales of dysfunctional youth, alienation, romantic awakening, finding identity or families and friendships falling apart, seeing the world through the eyes of those who are still trying to make sense of growing up will always be an interesting notion. We all know The OC, Gossip Girl, One Tree Hill, and those other inconic shows which caught fire and became pop culture phenomenons in the 2000s. Even if you’re not a fan of shows like them, it’s highly likely that you’re familiar with those titles to some extent. However, those shows have been discussed more than enough, and continue to find new fans today on streaming services. We’re here to shed a spotlight on the forgotten franchises that only the keenest connoisseurs of teen drama will be unacquainted with.The 2000s especially saw a wave of teen dramas released, many of which were short-lived and overlooked. If you’re familiar with the upcoming titles then you’re officially an expert. Without further ado, here are 20 Forgettable ’00s Teen Dramas Only Superfans Remember.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewEstranged families and scheming corporate types seem like the right ingredients for a tasty drama on paper, but in the case of The Mountain, no one was around to enjoy the dish when Warner Bros. unleashed it back in 2004.When the owner of a popular ski resort passes away, he leaves the business to his grandson who’s estranged from the rest of the family. The decision doesn’t go over well with his older brother and the rest of the family, though, as they feel he’s irresponsible. Plus his big brother has his own plans in mind which he’s unable to carry out without sole ownership. It’s quite the predicament. Throw in an evil land developer with nefarious plans for the resort and what you have is a dilemma.The Mountain aired for 13 episodes before its eventual cancellation. This was in part down to being overshadowed by a popular show you’ve probably heard of called The O.C. Additionally, whoever was responsible for promoting the show wasn’t doing a good enough job. According to the rumor mill, they accidentally advertised a Carmen Electra appearance, but it was for another Warner Bros. show at the time.Perhaps under better circumstances - better timing, better marketing, and advertising actors who were actually scheduled to appear - The Mountain would have fared better.Not many shows on this list fall under the “taken too soon” bracket, but Jack and Bobby was unique and deserved more than time than it got. Jack and Bobby was smart, compelling, and unique compared to its peers at the time. In fact, there still hasn’t been a show quite like it since. The story centers on the titular characters and oscillates between their present day lives and their high school years. In the show’s contemporary timeline, one of the brothers is the president of the United States of America. However, the main focus of the story is about how his experiences as a youngster, along with his brother, molded his values and instilled the drive and values which enabled him to reach the White House. These included growing up in a single parent household under the guidance of a mother who liked getting buzzed.The show was unique for its faux documentary style, which included interviews with the show’s fictional White House staffers. Jack and Bobby also emerged during the height of the Bush administration, and it wasn’t afraid to tackle controversial political topics and the scandals either. At its heart, though, Jack and Bobby's message was all about encouraging everyday kids to chase their most ambitious dreams.Of all the health scares out there to mine for potential, few shows have focused on the childhood obesity crisis. “Fat” characters are commonplace, sure, but very rarely do they populate the majority of a show’s cast. Last year it was reported that the supposed obesity epidemic had reached a record high, so perhaps a teen drama set in modern times would be topical if released today.Back in 2010, though, Huge wasn’t afraid to give some plus-sized characters the majority of the limelight. The show revolved around a group of teenage girls and their experience at Camp Victory, a summer program dedicated to weight loss. That said, the show didn’t quite take off as well as hoped and the network didn’t renew it for a second season, despite some promising reviews and progressive ideals.Huge was a promising show as it depicted its stars in a positive light. The television landscape has always favored thin and superficial standards when it comes to beauty. Huge let its talented cast act, and the show tapped into its themes without judging people’s size, but it still encouraged achieving health goals. Regardless of how "huge" we are, we could all learn something from this show.Kevin Williamson has written some popular television throughout the years, including teen drama Dawson’s Creek and supernatural teen drama The Vampire Diaries. Others may know him as the screenwriter of horror fare like Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer. Or maybe you are one of the substantial amount of people who enjoyed The Following? Either way, Williamson has a stacked resume worthy of praise - but not every title was a hit.One of the shows that doesn’t get mentioned often when discussing Williamson's oeuvre is Hidden Palms. That’s unsurprising considering it was canceled after eight episodes and subsequently forgotten about, with no plans to release it on home media at the time of writing. The show followed a group of teenagers from Palm Springs, but the story primarily focused on a student who was struggling to re-adjust to the passing of his old man and life in California. This included trying to unravel a mystery.Most notably, the show also starred a young Amber Heard as our protagonist’s crush. Suffice it to say, she went on to bigger things after -- like Never Back Down, an outstanding movie which combines teen drama with mixed martial arts. Maybe if Hidden Palms had more combat sports to spice it up we’d be singing its praises to this day.Debuting in the year 2000, Caitlin’s Way is a live-action drama which aired on Nickelodeon for three seasons before coming to an end in 2002. However, despite being geared towards a young teen audience, the show wasn’t shy about exploring topics such as parental death and troubled youth. Caitlin’s Way focuses on the titular character (played by Lindsay Felton), an orphaned teen from Philadelphia who movies in with family in Montana to avoid going to a juvenile detention center. Upon moving in with her cousins on their ranch, she experiences a quite the culture shock, but also discovers a new family who care about her and help get her back on track. She also gets a horse.The title of the show possibly alludes to a certain Brian De Palma gangster movie starring Al Pacino, but on paper, Caitlin’s Way boasts parallels with The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. A Philly native gets into bother and must relocate to another part of the country to start over under the supervision of extended family members? Sounds familiar, right? Maybe the creators weren’t inspired by that show, but there certainly are some similarities with its more comedic counterpart. Apart from that minor similarity, it’s really nothing like Fresh Prince.Set in the 1960s, this series follows a girl who, seeking to get rid of her wholesome good girl images, decides to become an American Bandstand dancer. Of course, this doesn’t go down well with her family, especially her unapproving father. However, the American Dream is about the individual pursuit of happiness, and she chased her goals regardless. American Dreams was very much a love letter to the decade in which the story is set. From the costumes to the music and everything else that encapsulated the Swinging Sixties, the show did an excellent job of recreating that era. However, it didn’t shy away from the grittier subject matter of the zeitgeist era either, and often explored issues like racial tensions, religious conflict, and the Vietnam War. It was a wild time for society.Furthermore, the show also featured a who’s who of guest stars, including Alicia Keys, Tyra Banks, Wyclef Jean, Lil Kim, and Macy Gray. and more. The star-studded nature of the show coupled with its uniqueness should have garnered it a bigger reputation throughout the years, but much like the American Dream itself, it wasn’t for everyone.The show was canceled after three seasons because the ratings weren’t competitive enough.Before he graced the Star Wars franchise, young Hayden Christensen starred in this series about a boarding school for teenagers with addiction problems, as well as other issues which put them at risk of self-destruction. Needless to say, this isn’t your conventional feel-good fare, but most Star Wars fans would probably tell you that Hayden Christensen performances have that effect on people. All kidding aside, Higher Ground was forward-thinking and progressive in the grand scheme of things when it comes to dramatic teenage television. Whether it was looking at addiction, assault, mental health struggles, or other like-minded subject matter that can affect anyone, the show was commendable for for highlighting real issues that plenty of young people experience in their daily lives.Lots of other shows investigated similar topics, but in Higher Ground they were prioritized and handled effectively.Higher Ground wasn’t brought back for a second season, which is most definitely a shame considering how noble its intention were from the get-go. That being said, during its brief spell on national television, the show let people know that they weren’t alone and that the problems they experienced were nothing to be ashamed of. Christensen was actually pretty good in it, too.They say that Los Angeles is the city of angels and the place where aspiring stars go to make their dreams come true. At the same time, it can just as easily eat your soul and spit it back out out. In other cases, it can make you question your own orientation. In the case of South of Nowhere, the show's entire story revolves around re-adjusting to new, bigger surroundings.Here, we see a teenage girl go from being your typical, heteronormative Ohio teenager to open-minded, awakened California after she falls for a new female friend upon moving to the city with her family. Of course, back in the mid-2000s when this show aired, being bi must have been a controversial topic in teen fiction. The show allegedly received complaints before the first episode even aired after people found out about the show’s LGBT representation.Thankfully, The N pressed ahead and showcased South of Nowhere long enough for three short seasons, which culminated in one of the better endings you’re ever likely to see from a show designed to appeal to a teenage demographic. This is another forgotten show that deserves to be rediscovered and praised for promoting progressive values.The characters of Dawson’s Creek didn’t want to wait for their lives to be over, and the network executives at The WB didn’t want to wait for their flagship show to end without milking its popularity for all it was worth. Enter Young Americans, the ill-fated spinoff about Will Krudski (Rodney Scott), who was introduced to Dawson's Creek in season three.Will is a poor kid who receives a scholarship to a posh and prestigious boarding school. At first it’s great news as he gets to escape his abusive home life, but when it is discovered that he cheated on his entrance exam his future, he risks being expelled unless he can convince his professor that he deserves to be there. In the real world he’d be booted, but in this world second chances are easier to come by.Throughout the series we witness a character who is faced with various moral conundrums and a difficult time adjusting to this new world. As such, he finds himself caught between two worlds as he tries to maintain his old relationships while forging new ones in his new surroundings. We never got to find out how his journey ended, but it was a promising adventure while it lasted. Stars Kate Bosworth, Kate Moenig, and Ian Somerhalder went on to bigger and better things, at least.In another instance of a family moving to pastures new in the big city, Beautiful People revolves around a recently divorced woman and her two daughters as they ditch New Mexico for the Big Apple, New York City. The youngest daughter has been allowed entry to a notable school, while the eldest seeks to pursue her dream as a model, and what better place to do that than the Big Apple. one of the world’s premier cultural hot spots? While Beautiful People focuses heavily on the lives of the young protagonists, the show is just as dedicated to telling their mother’s story as she rebuilds her life following a messy divorce which saw her husband run off with a younger woman. The show quite reminiscent of Gilmore Girls, albeit set in a big city environment. Both shows feature a single mother determined to make it on her own, and an academic daughter attending a top institution for learning. All the class and wealth divisions are present and accounted for as well.Perhaps the similarities to Gilmore Girls served as a glaring reminder that not even NYC could replace the wonder of Stars Hollow. But that doesn’t mean that Beautiful People lacked the charm and personality to serve as a worthwhile companion piece to its counterpart.Starring Amber Tamblyn as the titular character, Joan of Arcadia is about a teenage girl who speaks to God. Episodes feature her accepting tasks at the instruction of the Almighty, most of which appear to be insignificant at the time, but eventually prove to be so much more. She helped bullies find their heart and prevented school shootings by carrying out the simplest of requests. She was a vessel for the greater good, but what’s her real purpose in the grand scheme of things?Joan of Arcadia's cancellation must go down in history as one of the great crimes of television. Despite being showered with praise and awards, the season two ratings declined so much that the plug was pulled before we got any satisfying answers, but the show’s story was in no way ready to end. When we parted ways with Joan and co., a devilish character (played by Wentworth Miller) had entered the equation to spice things up.Hopefully Joan of Arcadia will continue to live on through reruns and streaming platforms. Unlike Veronica Mars and other lucky shows, campaigns to bring this one back were fruitless in the end. Joan’s disciples are loyal, but there aren’t enough out there to ignite her resurrection.The next entry on our list isn’t just one of the finest gems of teenage television of the 2000s, it’s also one of the most enjoyable shows about college life to ever grace screens -- big and small. That’s a bold statement, but Greek still holds up all these years later.The series follows Rusty Cartwright (Jacob Zachar), a nerdy freshman who arrives at college and decides to come out of his shell by joining the wildest fraternity on campus. As a result, he’s caught in the middle of warring college factions as he tries to balance a life of studying, partying, rand maintaining a relationship with his big sister (played by Spencer Grammer).Greek was one of the better teen dramas of the 2000s, and one which encapsulated the pressures of college life with plenty of heart and humor.While predictable in many ways, the ensemble of characters were highly enjoyable and their arcs were engaging. Rusty is is the type of social underdog character who’s easy to root for, and his transition from nerd to confident makes for a light-hearted but wholly enjoyable coming-of-age tale. The show was also banned by USC for its party-centric portrayal of fraternity life.Since graduating from Greek, several of the show’s moved on to bigger things like Rick and Morty, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, and Kick-Ass. Life after graduation isn't so bad after all in the land of make believe. The Bedford Diaries is the most risque of all the shows on this list. The drama deals brings an array of adult-themed topics to the forefront and presents them in a grown up and realistic manner befitting of their real-life intricacies. Unlike other teen shows which tiptoe around subject matter, and the highs and lows that can arise from such activities, this one understood that its target audience were intelligent people who undoubtedly had first-hand experience and could relate to some extent. The premise follows a group of New York City college students who share their stories through video diaries. Some seek love, others embrace the passion that can be found in the heat of the moment. However, through their encounters, they learn a lot about their own identities and relationships with other people. That said, the show also deals with topics like addiction and other problems that drag young people down.In the lead-up to the first season’s premiere, the network tried to generate buzz by releasing deleted scenes from the pilot on their website. The scenes in questioned contained more adult material not meant for the broadcast, but that didn’t stop them from trying to trick the audience anyway.For three years, this short-lived show played every Saturday morning on NBC, providing blossoming adolescents with occasional laughs and a snapshot of high school life they could relate to. These days you never hear it mentioned at all. However, Just Deal was co-created by Thomas W. Lynch, whom the New York Times called “the David E. Kelley of Tween TV” due to his prolific run during the 1990s and 2000s. This wasn’t to be one of his most enduring efforts, though.The show revolves around Dylan Roberts (Brian T. Skala), who is just your regular teenager living in the suburbs. His older brother is the star quarterback of the high-school football team, and his best friend is a bright student with Harvard aspirations someday. Ashley (Erika Thormahlen), who is the new girl in town, rounds off the gang and together they navigate their way through high school and all the other factors that come with teenage life.While Just Deal is rarely discussed in present times, it’s worth noting that it was the first TNBC show to use the single-camera format. Other teen shows which aired on the network at the time were recorded in front of studio audiences and featured a laugh tracks. Unfortunately, it was canceled when NBC leased its Saturday morning block to Discovery Kids in 2002. At least it was good while it lasted.As teenagers, most of us dreamed of hanging out with our favorite sports stars. Boring adulthoods were still a few years away, and back then our imaginations led us to believe that anything was possible. Then we grow up, get jobs, and our daydreams end. Clubhouse is a show that can relate to its dreams ending as well.Clubhouse chronicles the dream journey of a boy (played by a young Jeremy Sumpter) who lands his ideal job working as a batboy for his favorite major-league baseball team. Throughout the he encounters all the trials and tribulations that come with being a teenager. Meanwhile, his sister also encounters her fair share of excitement through substances and romance. All in all, the show was a solid mix of far-fetched dreams and dramatic realities intersecting for our entertainment.Unfortunately, Clubhouse didn’t strike a home run and was sent to the bench after five episodes. The other six episodes weren’t broadcast. That said, if you can find them anywhere then this is a show well worth checking out -- especially if you’re a sports fan. The lack of network faith was certainly no reflection of the show’s actual quality. By no means was it the greatest, but who’s to say that it wouldn’t have knocked it out of the park eventually? Across the pond in the UK, this short-lived soap sought to provide younger viewers with a show like the ultra popular Hollyoaks. The latter show continues to air daily to this day, whereas As If lingers in the foggy memories of television’s past. The premise of the show is simple: a group of lovable misfits on the brink of adulthood navigate their way through life, love, and London. The colorful assembly includes a joker, a punk, a promiscuous type, a gay guy, a fashionista, and a sensitive soul who band together to encounter some fun and drama. The show was also notable for parodying pop culture, including nods to The Italian Job and The Blair Witch Project. While not without its dramatic moments, for the most part the show embraced its silliness.As If was quite popular for a brief moment during its original syndication and has since amassed a small cult following in the years since - so much so that UK boy band McFly allegedly wrote their hit song “Five Colours in Her Hair” based on one of the characters. Furthermore, the show was given the American remake treatment in 2002, but that was even more short-lived.Troubled youth finding redemption is a common trope in dramas featuring teenagers who are just trying to make sense of this world. Even those who’ve spent a great deal of their existence living on the wrong side of the law tend to have redeeming qualities. All it takes is for one character to see good in them and bring it out. Part of the appeal of watching these shows is to witness the misunderstood find their path in life. Who doesn’t love a good redemption story after all?Wildfire is a tale in this wheelhouse, but with the benefit of horses thrown into the mix to endear the animal-lovers among us. In this one, we follow a troubled girl who, after serving some time in a teen detention center, is given the chance at a fresh start. Because she’s good with animals, she’s given a job on a horse ranch, and she finds the purpose she’d been lacking all this time.Another trend when it comes to teen dramas is that their shelf life tends last for an average of three seasons before they expire. Like several other shows featured in this list, Wildfire’s flame spread for three years before the ABC executives grabbed the hose and put out the spark permanently.Back in 2001 when this show was released, inserting digits into the middle of words was all the rage - just. Perhaps we can blame David Fincher for introducing the concept with Se7en in 1995. Comparing Sk8 to Se7en is a little extreme, though, because it was just forgettable for the most part.The show contained storylines concerning the life of -- you guessed it -- a young skater and his relationships with his like-minded buddies. What made the show occasionally engrossing, however, were the skating sequences, some of which were performed by popular professional skateboarders. The show also employed a guerrilla filmmaking style which only added to its failed attempt to boast punk rock sensibilities. That said, at least the showrunners attempted to do something different and explore an interesting subculture.The only downside is that the show didn’t resonate with skating culture enough to attract an audience who were most likely to appreciate it. Given that this subculture is popular on a global scale, there’s a lot of room for new shows that take place in the world of skating. Sk8’s mind and heart were in the right place, but it lacked depth and captivating storylines.  Set in the eponymous beach town, Palmetto Pointe aired in 2005 and was canceled after one season due to low ratings and poor reviews. This was another series about loss, depression and tackling the hard issues, but the beach setting and young hormones ensured there was some partying and romance to alleviate the darkness. The show aimed to present a realistic view of what happens after high school, which is a good idea on paper as that’s a scary time for most people who face it.The show followed a grieving young man who left his town to play baseball following the death of his parents. However, as he finds out, running away doesn’t accomplish anything and sooner or later he’ll have to face up to the problems he’s running from.Baseball and teen angst could be an interesting mix, but the world just wasn’t interested at the time.Palmetto Pointe  drew comparisons to Dawson’s Creek, which isn’t too uncommon for shows of this ilk. However, if you’re a fan of that Dawson's Creek then you’re the target audience for this and it’s perhaps deserving of a second chance if you can find it anywhere. This is the poster child for forgettable teen drama shows.Based on Melvin Burgess’ novel Doing It, Life as We Know It followed the lives of a group of high school students in Seattle as they discovered their physical awakening. What else do you expect from a series based on a novel with that title, though? On paper, Life As We Know It sounds like an American Pie-esque raunchy comedy, but it was very much PG-13 and assayed these edgy topics with a subtler bent. One of the storylines was about a student-pupil affair, but relations were the order of the day across the board and the show did an excellent job of examining the social pressures pertaining to the deed. Unfortunately, despite some stellar reviews, low viewership and protests from the Parents Television Council ensured that the show’s existence a short one.Life as We Know It should have been a massive hit. On top of featuring an excellent cast which included Kelly Osbourne, Sean Faris, and Missy Peregrym, it also boasted an excellent theme song, “Sooner or Later” by Michael Tolcher that was right up there with Phantom Planet’s theme for The O.C. in terms of singalong joy.---What's your favorite forgotten 2000s show? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
For every '00s TV show that we were once obsessed with and still rewatch religiously, there was one that we tuned into but have since forgotten. These TV shows aren’t necessarily bad, they just don’t have the legacy of enduring teen TV series like Dawson’s Creek, The O.C., Everwood, One Tree Hill, and Gossip Girl. But one thing's for sure: these forgotten shows make for entertaining teen (melo)drama.These shows were created by the channels that have always ruled teen TV: ABC Family (now called Freeform) and The WB (now called The CW). Some were on The N (later changed to Teen Nick) or Discovery Kids. Some of these shows were cancelled early, and some never even made it to DVD. Some of these actors who went on to become super famous. Others have been forgotten or spiralled out in a big way.Every show on this list aired in the first decade of the 2000s, although they may have started in the '90s or ended in the '10s. We've already explored ’00s teen movies that were completely forgotten, and now it's time to do the same for TV.Let all the teen drama come rushing back with 15 ‘00s Teen Shows You Completely Forgot About.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewKyle XY is about an alien (Matt Dallas) who looks just like a regular teen guy except that he has no belly button. He wakes up in a forest in Seattle and is taken in by the Trager family, who gives him the name Kyle. He eventually learns how to speak and function like a normal teen, and that includes learning how to act around his first crush, his neighbor Amanda.It's a unique take on the "alien who fell to Earth story", and lasted three seasons. Late Glee star Cory Monteith has a recurring role in the series. ABC Family brought Matt Dallas back into the fold for a brief turn on Baby Daddy, but other than that, he hasn't done much of note.Summerland was the poor man's The O.C. Both shows have a beachy setting: Summerland is set in fictional Playa Linda, CA, while The O.C. is set in Newport Beach in Orange County (also known as the O.C., b-tch!). Summerland follows three siblings (played by Jesse McCartney, Kay Panabaker, and some actor named Nick Benson) who go to live with their Aunt Ava (resident adult Lori Loughlin) after the death of their parents.But let's go back to Jesse McCartney for a second. This show features Jesse McCartney, the dreamy '00s pop singer, as Bradin Westerly. Also, young Zac Efron is on this show-- before he fixed his tooth gap. Efron plays Cameron Bale, the love interest for Kay Panabaker. Sara Paxton also makes an appearance as a troubled teen and girlfriend to Jesse McCartney. This show is worth a watch just for the combination of Jesse McCartney and Zac Efron-- the tween dream of every girl growing up in the 2000s.It was extremely on-brand for ABC Family to do a show about frats and sororities. Greek (stylized as GRΣΣK) takes place at the fictional Cyprus-Rhodes University in Ohio and follows Greek life at the fraternities Kappa Tau Gamma and Omega Chi Delta and the sorority Zeta Beta Zeta.A lot of the cast went on to do pretty well for themselves. Scott Michael Foster, who played Cappie (short for Captain John Paul Jones) went on to big roles in a number of shows including Californication, Halt and Catch Fire, and Once Upon a Time (as Kristoff). Most recently, he joined the cast of Crazy Ex-Girlfriend as Rebecca's hot boss Nathaniel, who she can't help developing feelings for. The cast also includes Jake McDorman, who went on to star in Limitless (you also might recognize him from Aquamarine); Paul James (The Path); and Spencer Grammer (Rick and Morty).Darcy’s Wild Life was one of Discovery Kids' attempts to cash in on scripted teen TV. The American-Canadian show stars Sara Paxton as Darcy, a fashionable California teen whose crazy actress mother decides to uproot them from Malibu to a farm in the middle of nowhere so Darcy can grow up in a more normal environment. Darcy doesn't know anything about nature, but she takes a job at a veterinary clinic called Creature Comforts and has zany encounters with animals.Paxton is the only recognizable name on this show-- the actress has gone on to become something of a scream queen, starring in indie horrors like Cheap Thrills and The Innkeepers, plus The Last House on the Left's remake. Darcy has two friends: the naïve Kathi and Lindsay, whose dad is a vet at Creature Comforts. The resident cute guy is named Eli and he knows a lot about animals, making him the perfect package. The theme song is an unbelievably horrible rap.Wildfire was a show that combined teens' love for horses with teens' love for steamy romance on a ranch. It starred Genevieve Padalecki (née Cortese), who would go on to marry Supernatural star Jared Padalecki in 2010. They met when Genevieve Padalecki appeared on Supernatural from 2008-2009, playing the demon Ruby.On Wildfire, Genevieve Padalecki plays Kris, troubled teen who is good with horses. After she gets out of juvie she has an opportunity to start again as a worker at the family-run Raintree ranch. The actress seems to have retired from show business in 2012. Her two love interests are played by Micah Alberti and Ryan Sypek, two guys who look exactly like ABC Family love interests (and also each other). Both actors fell into obscurity.Michael Piller, the show's co-creator, is notable for his contributions to the Star Trek universe. He co-created Star Trek: Voyager and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, as well as executive produced and wrote Star Trek: The Next Generation.Life is Wild follows Danny Clark, a white New York City veterinarian, and his family after they move to South Africa to live on his father-in-law's game reserve. The protagonist here is his daughter Katie (Leah Pipes, who went on to appear in The Originals). She develops a close friendship with a local, Tumelo (Atandwa Kani), but they eventually realize that there's something more than friendship between them. Kani can be seen as Young T'Chaka in Marvel's upcoming Black Panther.Show business was not kind to two of the other young actors on Life is Wild, Calvin Goldspink and Andrew St. John: both seem to have retired from acting. Life is Wild was cancelled after one season and is doomed to be one of those short-lived series that never makes it to DVD and is lost forever, except in the memories of '00s kids. The British series it was based on, Wild at Heart, fared much better; it ran for seven seasons.This ABC Family show follows Eddie Sutton, a black police officer who moves his family back to his dangerous old neighborhood of Lincoln Heights, California in hopes of helping to make it a better place to live. The show also featured interracial romance: Eddie's daughter Cassie begins dating Charles, a white boy.Russell Hornsby (Eddie Sutton) went on to star on Grimm. Jeannette McCurdy played a supporting role in 2007; the same year she found fame as Sam on iCarly. The supporting cast also includes Tyler Posey, who went on to star in Teen Wolf, and has also been tapped for a role in season four of Jane The Virgin.Creator Seth Freeman has been writing for TV since the '70s, including work on Lou Grant (starring Ed Asner) and American Dreamer (starring Carol Kane and Jeffrey Tambor). Lincoln Heights marked his second outing as a showrunner. The show was cancelled after four seasons.Jack & Bobby had quite the premise: the series was a fictional docu-drama about the life of U.S. President Bobby McCallister. It was set in 2049, eight years after McCallister was elected. The story is told through reenactments of McCallister's childhood with his mother and older brother Jack as well as talking head interviews with the White House staff.The show starred a young Logan Lerman as Bobby and Matt Long as Jack. You might recognize Long from Sydney White. He also appeared on Mad Men and Private Practice. The rest of the cast included John Slattery, Bradley Cooper, Jessica Paré, and Christine Lahti as the boys' mother. Prolific showrunner Greg Berlanti was one of the co-creators. He created Everwood and was a co-creator for the current slate of CW superhero shows: Supergirl, The Flash, Arrow, and Legends of Tomorrow. Although Jack & Bobby was cancelled after one season, Lahti was nominated for a Golden Globe and a SAG Award for her role.You definitely watched this show because you had a huge crush on Jeremy Sumpter after he played Peter Pan in Disney’s underrated 2003 live-action remake, right? Clubhouse was based on the real story of Matthew McGough, a batboy for the Yankees. He detailed his experience in the book Bat Boy: Coming of Age with the New York Yankees. Sumpter stars as batboy Pete Young, who gets to work for his favorite team; the fictional New York Empires.Christopher Lloyd, Mare Winningham, and former Superman Dean Cain were also on the show. Leah Pipes made an appearance on the ill-fated series before going on to her own ill-fated series, Life is Wild. Clubhouse was swiftly cancelled by CBS. Sumpter later won a recurring role as J.D. McCoy on Friday Night Lights, but he hasn't been up to much after that.Young Americans was a spinoff of Dawson's Creek (1998-2003) that never reached the heights of its predecessor. It debuted on The WB in 2000 as a summer replacement for Dawson's Creek, but it only lasted for one eight-episode season. The show follows a group of teens at prestigious boarding school Rawley Academy in the fictional New England town of New Rawley. Among the cast were Kate Bosworth and Ian Somerhalder, who went on to great success. Cast member Katherine Moennig went on to star in The L Word and Ray Donovan.The series' protagonist William "Will" Krudski (Rodney Scott) first appeared in Dawson's Creek as an old childhood friend of the group. Guest stars included Michelle Monaghan, Charlie Hunnam, and Matt Czurchy, who went on to star as Logan in the WB's hit show Gilmore Girls.After Amanda Bynes proved her comedic talent on The Amanda Show and All That, she graduated to this more mature TV series. Jennie Garth of Beverly Hills, 90210 fame costarred with her. Bynes plays Holly, who goes to live with her older sister Valerie (Garth) after her father moves to Japan. The series is named after the 1980 song by The Romantics, and the show's theme song was a cover of the track by the all-female band Lillix.Co-creator Dan Schneider knew Bynes well: he had created The Amanda Show and was a writer and executive producer on All That. The man was a Nickelodeon legend: he went on to create Drake & Josh, Zoey 101, iCarly, Victorious, and Sam & Cat. You owe him a big thank you for your childhood. Bynes, of course, was a superstar in the 2000s but has since suffered personal problems that seem to have permanently derailed her careerYou might remember this series for the truly awful wolf make up that star Brandon Quinn had to wear. The poor guy looked terrible. Quinn played Tommy P. Dawkins, a teen who is bitten by a werewolf and uses his new power to protect his hometown, Pleasantville, from supernatural creatures like vampires, zombies, and ghosts. Ironically, everyone in town thinks The Pleasantville Werewolf is the bad guy. Tommy's goth friend Merton J. Dingle (yes, that is really his name) is an expert on the supernatural and helps his pal battle evil.After Big Wolf on Campus, Quinn booked guest roles on Charmed, The O.C., The Fosters, and Entourage. Rachelle Lefevre, who played Tommy's love interest Stacey, went on to snag a role in the Twilight franchise as the vampire Victoria, who is intent on hunting Bella. She also starred on the sci-fi series Under the Dome.Let’s break down what this confusing, terrible title even means. The show follows four New Jersey teens who attend Henry Roscoe High School. They hate the school's dictatorial radio station Cougar Radio and decide to start a pirate radio station called Radio Free Roscoe.Each of our young broadcasters have a radio name to conceal their identity. There's Ray "Pronto" Brennan, Robbie "Question Mark" McGrath, Lily "Shady Lane" Randall, and Travis "Smog" Strong/Miss Communication. The Canadian show aired on The N in the U.S.Guest stars included Canadian pop singer Skye Sweetnam and Jake Epstein, star of the Canadian show Degrassi: The Next Generation, which was also shown on The N. That's not the only time Radio Free Roscoe and Degrassi: The Next Generation shared cast members. After Radio Free Roscoe ended, Kate Todd (Lily Randall) and Nathan Stephenson (Robbie McGrath) graduated to roles on Degrassi: The Next Generation.Strange Days at Blake Holsey High was a Canadian show that aired on Discovery Kids and NBC in the U.S. The series follows the five-student Science Club at fictional boarding school Blake Holsey High. Along with their faculty supervisor Professor Z, they investigate the black hole located within the school and other mysterious phenomena that happen there.The show is also known as Black Hole High (note the similarity to Blake Holsey High). Strange Days was nominated for a Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Children's Series in 2006 and 2007 as well as getting nods for Outstanding Writing in a Children's Series in 2005 and 2006. Three out of the five young leads-- Shadia Simmons, Michael Seater, and Robert Clark-- were also on the Disney Channel show Life With Derek.Yes, this is a series based on the iconic 1999 movie. You might ask, “Why reboot 10 Things I Hate About You as a TV show?” But here’s the thing: it was actually pretty decent. Ethan Peck (grandson of noted handsome actor Gregory Peck) and Lindsey Shaw were perfectly cast as Patrick and Kat, respectively. Their chemistry was excellent. Before this, Shaw played Ned’s likable pal Moze (aka Jennifer Ann Mosely) on Ned’s Declassified School Survival Guide. Character actor and American treasure Larry Miller reprised his role as Kat and Bianca’s strict dad. Not all of the actors were stellar, however: Nicholas Braun did not even come close to doing justice to the role of Cameron.So where are the two lovebirds now? Tragically, Ethan Peck's career failed to take off, although he's still acting. Thankfully, ABC Family recognized Lindsey Shaw's obvious talent and gave her a recurring role on the ever-popular Pretty Little Liars.—How many of these TV shows did you remember? Are there any that should have been on this list? Sound off in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Thanks to the emergence of popular fantasy and supernatural shows in the 1990s (i.e. Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Charmed, and Twin Peaks), viewers got a chance to explore very atypical scenarios and storylines. Shows surrounding mythological tales, historical figures and fictional monster surged in ratings, leading networks to try to develop the same winning formula.However, for every Highlander and Xena: Warrior Princess, there were dozens of shows that simply fell flat. Whether due to poor script writing, ridiculous premises, or C-list actors and actresses, some fantasy series from the 2000s were just not good enough. Even if a series did carry with it a strong fan base, if the networks were not satisfied with the ratings, the series would be eliminated regardless if it concluded its storylines properly or not.In this article, we will review some of the shows from the 2000s that just weren’t that memorable. You know, the type of shows that you can vaguely remember but maybe you just weren’t that interested in. Alternatively, they may be shows that you hold close to your heart but may have slipped your mind over the years.Whether you loved them or hated them, here at the 20 Forgettable 2000s Fantasy Shows Only Superfans Remember.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewActress Jennifer Love Hewitt proved to be one of the few child stars to develop into an adult actress successfully. After starring in popular drama Party of Five, her fame skyrocketed with back-to-back big screen hits I Know What You Did Last Summer and Can’t Hardly Wait.Despite being quite popular ons the big screen, she continued her work on television over the years. However, she did not land another major TV role until the premiere of the supernatural drama Ghost Whisperer. The series followed Melinda Gordon, an antique shop employee with the ability to communicate with the dead. She utilized her gift to help ghosts with “unresolved business” to complete their tasks on Earth so that they can find peace in the afterlife.The series starred Aisha Tyler (Criminal Minds, Archer) for the first season until she was written off. Additional cast members included David Conrad, and, in later seasons, Camryn Manheim, Jay Mohr, and Jamie Kennedy.The show’s audience gradually faded off, despite its popularity on CBS. By the fifth season, executives decided that it best to end the series. They announced the show would not be picked up for a sixth season in 2010 due to the waning viewership and rising costs of production.The famous historical figure and Roman Catholic saint Joan of Arc found new fame when her history was remolded in the CBS series Joan of Arcadia. Although she was no longer a French heroine of the Hundred Years' War, the figure took the form of a teenager named Joan Girardi (played by Amber Tamblyn).In the series, Joan began hearing and speaking to God after she made a promise to him if he spared the life of her brother who was in a car crash. Thanks to their deal, God appeared to her in various forms and tasked her to do his bidding. Despite the tasks seeming very small and trivial, they eventually led to more significant conclusions in the end.Critics and viewers alike praised the show for its warm-hearted nature and content. The series even incorporated the very popular Joan Osborne hit "One of Us" as its theme song.However, after two seasons, CBS canceled the series citing low viewership as the issue. Fans rallied to try to save the series by reaching out to CBS to voice their love for the show and its wholesome appeal. Unfortunately, there was not enough support to save the series. Joan of Arcadia ended on April 22, 2005, after the conclusion of its second season.The idea of people selling their soul to the Devil to fulfill their deepest wishes appeared in literature, TV, and movies for years. However, for the series Reaper, this classic tale gets reimagined slightly.After his parents made such a deal to save his father’s life, Sam Oliver discovered her was promised to the Devil when he turned 21. Pressured into his service, he was made to work as a “reaper” on his behalf, seeking out evil souls that had returned to Earth and retrieving them.Airing back in 2007, Reaper debuted on The CW with actor Bret Harrison playing Oliver and Ray Wise as the Devil. Though the series received a warm reception both at its debut at Comic-Con International in San Diego and its original airing, the series did not maintain its viewership. The original season received 18 episodes, but only 13 were ordered for season 2. After additional timeslot changes, the series came to an end in 2009.Attempts were made to bring the series back in syndication, however, rumors of several actors - including Harrison - not returning ended these talks. Since then, the series ran in its entirety on FEARnet with a cast reunion being involved. Though a Kickstarter campaign to revive the series was mentioned, no further actions have been taken to bring the series back.The TV series Witchblade hoped to cash in on the undeniably strong following of the comic book series of the same name. Based around an NYPD detective that discovered and utilized an ancient weapon to fight supernatural enemies, the series worked perfectly for the action-focused TNT network.When Witchblade premiered in 2001, actress Yancy Butler helmed the series portraying Detective Sara "Pez" Pezzini. With her solid history of action movies, Butler fully embodied the character, with fans loving her portrayal of the “tough as nails” character.The series soon established a loyal following throughout its initial series. Though the series tended to veer away from the established stories and plots from the original comic book series, viewers continued to tune in thanks to its great cast and (at the time) impressive special effects.Despite its dedicated following, however, the series began to lose its audience starting with season 2. A major plot twist in the season 1 finale turned many viewers off from the series. In addition, Butler went through many personal issues during filming including entering rehab for her addiction. Given the many factors working against the series, TNT decided to cancel the show after the conclusion of its second season.Taking a different approach to the typical vampire storyline, Moonlight starred Hawaii Five-0‘s Alex O’Loughin as a vampire detective in Los Angeles. Having been turned by his wife 50 years ago, he worked to keep his true identity a secret. Since many of the cases he encounters involved creatures of the night, he utilized his supernatural abilities to protect humans around him.The cast included Sophia Myles, Jason Dohring, and Shannyn Sossamon filling out the leading roles. The series debuted to rather poor reviews from critics. However, fans became quite invested in the show, and it soon developed a cult following. As the poor reviews continued to pour in, fans became desperate to ensure the series would get a second season.According to NY Daily News, in 2008, Moonlight fans “coordinated with the American Red Cross for a series of charity blood drives, and the show's star, Alex O'Loughlin… stepped up to become a national spokesman for the charity.” Blood drives were coordinated in 33 states, bringing national attention to the good cause and the desperation of the fans.Unfortunately, the campaign was not enough. After a failed attempt to sell the series to another network, the show was permanently canceled in 2008.The epic fantasy novels of author Terry Goodkind included took his readers on a journey that lasted over twenty novels. His series The Sword of Truth followed the epic journey of characters Richard Rahl, Kahlan Amnell, Nicci, and Zeddicus Zu'l Zorander. These fantastical tales served as the inspiration for the retelling of his stories in the TV series Legend of the Seeker.Loosely based on the first novel of the series, Wizard's First Rule, viewers followed old and new adventures within Goodkind’s mythical world. The series starred Craig Horner as Richard Cypher, Bridget Regan as Kahlan Amnell, Bruce Spence as Zeddicus Zu'l Zorander and Craig Parker as Darken Rahl in both seasons.The inspiration for the TV adaptation came from American filmmaker and producer Sam Raimi. Though he initially intended to create a big screen adaptation, he later decided on the TV series based on a conversation with Goodkind.Although the series deviated quite a bit from the original series, viewers still tuned in to the series that premiered in 2008. After two years on the air, ABC Studios decided not to renew the series for a third season. Despite the launch of the fan campaign "Save Our Seeker," executives could not be convinced to give the show another chance.Leaving WB, she wound up at Fox, in the lead role in the fantasy drama Tru Calling. She portrayed medical school student Tru Davies, who discovered she had the power to communicate with the lifeless while working in the city morgue. Using her skills, she relived the last day of the deceased and tried to find a way to prevent his or her passing in the first place. The first season of the show included stars Shawn Reaves, A.J. Cook, Matt Bomer, and Zach Galifianakis.Hoping to cash in on the actress’s popularity, Fox heavily promoted the show and its debut back in 2003. However, with actor departures and declining ratings, even Dushku’s star power couldn’t save the show. The show ended with only six episodes in the second season, leaving several storylines and cliffhangers unresolved.Long before the debut of Wonder Woman in the DC Comics universe, the first female comic book character to carry her own title was Sheena.Debuting in Sheena, Queen of the Jungle in 1937, the orphaned young girl grew up in the jungle, eventually becoming a fierce warrior. Along with her ability to communicate with wild animals, Sheena possessed the skills to be a formidable opponent against any enemies that threatened her jungle home.Although the character previously appeared in TV series in the '50s, show creators Douglas Schwartz and Steven L. Sears felt compelled to bring the character back to tv with a modern twist. As one of the creators of the hit series Baywatch, Schwartz tapped into the familiar cast to find his lead: alum Gena Lee Nolin. Along with fellow Baywatch alum John Allen Nelson also cast in the series, the series began to take share with significant changes to the character.This iteration of Sheena included the new power of being able to turn into any jungle animal. In addition, Sheena was able to speak in full sentences, unlike her previous depictions onscreen (and with a perfect American accent, no less). Despite the attempts at “improving” the character, the series only aired from 2000 – 2002.After the critical and financial success of Blade in 1998, Marvel Studios hope to bank on the movie’s popularity in television as well. The newly revised Spike TV approved to have Blade: The Series produced for its network. The series would take place after the events of Blade: Trinity and would expand on the storyline.The most notable change for the show was the recasting of the lead. Though actor Wesley Snipes portrayed the title character onscreen, his part was recast for the series. Kirk "Sticky Fingaz" Jones, known as a member of '90s rap group Onyx, made his debut as a lead actor in a television series. Upon its debut, the series had 2.5 million viewers and became “the highest premiere in network history for an original series.” Despite not having the star power of Snipes, the tv show still managed to attract seasoned and new fans to the Marvel Comics series. However, as the season progressed, viewership dropped drastically with the series simply not capturing the same excitement as the trilogy.By September of that year, the final episode of season 1 aired which would also serve as the series finale. Spike TV decided not to pick the show up again and canceled the series after just one season.Arrow star Paul Blackthorne played the lead role of reluctant hero Harry Dresden as he served as “consulting wizard” for any strange cases that the local police ever ran across. However, even before its debut, the series ran into several delays in its production.With significant changes to the storyline, characters and initial pilot, the series did not look well organized from the start. After its debut, some loyal fans of the series found issues with the tv show not following the plot of the original books. In the end, the series simply didn’t keep its audience interested. The show lasted only one season with just 12 episodes airing. Butcher announced the cancellation of the series on his website and expressed his gratitude for the episodes that did air.The British supernatural series Hex may have been doomed to fail since its early marketing campaign began. Before the series’ premiere, executives hoped to profit from the popularity of the American series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. By toting their own series as “the British version of Buffy,” creator hoped to tap into the same viewership as the previous show.The series itself also focused on a young teenage girl that discovers she was connections with mythical powers and abilities. In the story, Cassie gained skills that would help her take on demons. However, she eventually fell in love with the leader of the demons, Azazeal, which rightfully complicated her mission. Oh, and did we mention her fate was to bear his child, which would become the Anti-Christ? Yeah, that’s a lot.The demonic leader was played by none other than X-Men star Michael Fassbender. After debuting in 2004, the series gained a loyal fan base throughout its entire run. However, despite the good reviews and dedicated fans, the series could not maintain adequate growth in its viewership and had to end after its second series. Several of its stars went on to have great careers in American entertainment, including Joseph Morgan (The Vampire Diaries) and Colin Salmon (Resident Evil, Arrow).The series Blood Ties brought a different background to the typical “human falls for a vampire” dynamic. As an officer with the Toronto Police Service, Vicki Nelson discovered that her eyesight began to weaken. Diagnosed with retinitis pigmentosa, she was forced to leave her job and settled for work as a private investigator. During her transition, she encountered 470-year-old Henry Fitzroy who happened to be a vampire. The two partner up to help solve crimes together. Along the way, their relationship gets more complicated, and feelings start to develop between the two.Based on the Blood Books by Tanya Huff, the series premiered in 2007 on City and Space in Canada and the US on Lifetime.Though the series showed some promise in its premise, audiences did not find the series very appealing. The Hollywood Reporter stated that “Even as we check our disbelief at the door, this whole premise is fairly preposterous. We have a futuristic vampire fable mixed with a complex romantic entanglement as Vicki navigates the treacherous waters of vampire love and zombie pursuit. Count Dracula would be turning over in his grave, if he had one.”Ouch. After 22 episodes for the first season, Lifetime passed on renewal in 2008.Long before the announcement of the upcoming Birds of Prey film, DC Comics fans got a taste of the team back in 2002. The TV series included classic character Huntress, Barbara Gordon, Dinah Redmond (though an altered version of Black Canary), Alfred Pennyworth, and Harley Quinn.Set in an alternate version of the DC Universe, the series seemed destined to become a hit. The main cast included actresses Ashley Scott, Dina Meyer, and Rachel Skarsten. Criminal Minds alum Shemar Moore even starred on the series as Detective Jesse Reese. Although the series was not based around major characters such as Batman or Catwoman, they both made cameo appearances in the series just to tempt the viewers. If that were not enough, the series included Star Wars actor Mark Hamill in the series pilot voicing the character of Joker.This should have been one heck of a series! Sadly, it fell short of expectations, and soon the ratings plummeted. The series went from having one of the strongest premieres on the network to barely keeping the audience’s attention by the end of the series. After just one season of 13 episodes, the WB decided the Birds of Prey did not meet their standards and brought an end to their run.The tales of King Arthur and Lady Guinevere has appeared on the big screen many times over the years. From animated classics to live action adaptations, audiences have come to love the tales of Arthur, Camelot, and the Knights of the Round Table. In 2002, however, the series Guinevere Jones brought the legends of the past to the modern day world.The series featured the teenager Guinevere Jones discovering she was, in fact, the reincarnation of Queen Guinevere of Camelot. In addition, Merlin appeared to help train her to become a defender of the innocent. Just your typical high schooler dealing with parents, teenage pressures, and evil. Nothing new. Through each episode, viewers watched as Guinevere balanced both mystical and real-life situations.The cast included Tamara Hope as the lead role and Ted Hamilton as Merlin. Also, eagle-eyed viewers may have also caught a glimpse of a familiar face from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Thor actor Chris Hemsworth played a minor role on the series as King Arthur himself.However, despite the twist on the classic characters, the series did not maintain a reliable viewership. After two seasons and 26 episodes, the show concluded in December 2002.With the movie becoming such a beloved part of pop culture, it is no wonder that ABC executives hoped to recapture that same magic on TV. For this adaptation, a new cast was selected to bring the story to life. This new cast included Lindsay Price playing Joanna Frankel, Jamie Ray Newman as Katherine "Kat" Gardener, and Rebecca Romijn as Roxanne "Roxie" Torcoletti. Observant fans will even recall that both Jon Bernthal (The Walking Dead, The Punisher) and Ashley Benson (Pretty Little Liars) also started as main characters in the ensemble.Although the initial pilot of the series did fairly well in its premiere, viewership staggered off over the following weeks. In fact, the ratings were so poor that ABC decided not to air the final two episodes of the season. Between harsh reviews and little interest in the show overall, the series was canceled after its initial season.London teenager Luke Rutherford discovered he was the descendant of Van Helsing and the last of the bloodline. His godfather Rupert Galvin, an American demon hunter, broke the news to him, advising he is tasked with fighting the demons of the worlds and protecting humanity. Though reluctant to take on such responsibilities, Luke fulfilled his destiny while maintaining his normal life in school.Produced by the same company that made Hex, Demons aired as a six-part miniseries in 2009. Despite its lukewarm reviews, the series completed its first season with hopes of continuing on-air. Unfortunately, the network disagreed and made plans to cancel any future projects.The series was put in further danger when Philip Glenister (who played the central role of Rupert) quit the show. Creators were desperate to save the show and tried one last tactic: reaching out for help across the pond. According to The Guardian, producers attempted to create a deal with either the Sci Fi Channel or Sony to become the US distributor of the show. Sadly, neither deal panned out, and the show was canceled.Buffy the Vampire Slayer made famous the dynamic of vampires and high school. Although touted as a slayer of these creatures, her everyday life was depicted as a balance between fighting evil and the dreadful days as a teenager.The Canadian series Vampire High also decided to try its hand at such a balance but with its own spin on the situation. The series followed the lives of a group of teenage vampires that were forced into attending boarding school with humans in order to become more civilized. Audiences saw the teenagers go through the typical up and downs of adolescent life on top of living as vampires. Series regulars included Jeff Roop, Meghan Ory, Karen Cliché, Ilona Elkin, and Paul Hopkins.The series did not capture the popularity of the American series Buffy, but the show did maintain a consistent fan base. The show premiered on YTV in September 2001 to decidedly mixed reviews. Sadly, the show fell short of the magic of Buffy and simply was perceived as a cheap a cheap imitation. Afters its underwhelming American debut on WB, YTV decided it was time to put an end to the antics of Vampire High. The series concluded after 26 episodes in May 2002.The legend of the character Tarzan dates back decades to his first appearance in the 1910s in the novel Tarzan of the Apes. Since then, his depiction has been the subject matter for various tv shows, movies, and animated series. Although most depictions show the jungle-raised human in his natural habitat, the 2003 series Tarzan decided to move him to the concrete jungle of New York City.In this WB adaptation, Tarzan is actually John Clayton (played by future Vikings star Travis Fimmel), wealthy heir to Greystoke Industries that had been lost in the African jungle for over 20 years. His greedy uncle found him and held him hostage to prevent him from inheriting the family business. After meeting Detective Jane Porter (played by The Walking Dead and Colony star Sarah Wayne Callies) during his escape, he accompanied her on her cases and helped her solve crimes.Yeah, this really sounded like a winner - okay, not really.Apparently, viewers felt the same. The show lasted only eight episodes before the WB pulled the plug. Even show creator found the series to be ridiculous and commented that “Tarzan was a hell ride in every way, and we only did eight before they wisely put us out of our misery.” It seems best to leave Tarzan in the jungle where he belongs.The mythological tales from Greek and Roman history usually depict the gods sitting on high in Mount Olympus watching over humanity. In several cases, they intruded on humans, whether to was to make more children, toy with their lives, or punish them for their misdeeds. However, in the case of the mythological comedy Valentine, the gods have one goal in mind: to bring love back into the world.Following the lives of the Valentine family, the show followed mythological characters such as Aphrodite, Eros, Phoebe, and Hercules, who took human forms and worked to match soulmates on Earth. Though initially promoted as Valentine, Inc., the series updated the title in time for the series premiered in 2008. Unfortunately, the series premiered to only a handful of viewers. In its initial debut, the series was viewed by only 1.146 million viewers. Unfortunately, those would be the best numbers the series would have for its entire run. By episode 8, the viewership for the series plummeted to only 0.467 million. There is no coming back from ratings that bad.The first four episodes of the series aired in 2008 with production taking a break for several months. The final four episodes concluded in the summer of 2009 and marked the end of the series altogether.The comedy starred Sara Downing (Roswell) as Jane Cahill, Tyler Labine (Reaper, Deadbeat) as Scotty Sallback, and Kett Turton (Gypsy 83) as Vaughn Parrish. Ironically, the show’s title could easily be associated with its TV rankings during its original airing. In fact, the ratings for the show were so bad, it did not air a complete season. The first four episodes aired with the fifth being preempted due to the September 11th terrorist attacks. When it returned, only two additional episodes aired before the series was canceled indefinitely.The series never broadcast in its entirety on the WB but had since aired all 13 episodes on the Canadian network YTV and the Trouble channel in the UK.---What's your favorite forgotten 2000s fantasy show? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
This post will be updated as the panel progresses.The head of IGN.com came out and announced that we were present at the first ever Marvel Studios panel.First was The Incredible Hulk panel. Attendees included producer Gale Anne Hurd, director Louie Letterier, Avi Arad and Kevin Feige of Marvel, Liv Tyler and Ed Norton.Key points:- This is a part I, the start of a brand new Hulk saga.- The Hulk will be only one size (will not get bigger as he gets angrier).- Ed Norton wrote the screenplay (I was not aware of this at all).- A concept sketch was shown which looked very much like the more straited muscle and ripped version of the Hulk that is how he is currently rendered in the comics.- A big inspiration for both director Letterier and Norton was the old TV series which starred Lou Ferrigno and Bill Bixby, but the film is not rooted exclusively in the TV show at all. The characters and story will be an amalgam of past versions including older and more recent comics and the show.- Doc Samson will be in the movie.- The film will have 3X the scenes of an average film (350 scenes).- Ed Norton discussed how each writer in a comic book brings his own spin to the character and that's what they're trying to do here.- There will be lots of "easter eggs" for the fans in the movie.Iron ManJon Favreau was on hand along with Terrence Howard, Gwyneth Paltrow, Robert Downey Jr. When the actors came out they were met with wild applause.- Favreau mentioned War Machine and how Howard is dying to do that.- They showed the same footage as on Thursday. Crowd went insane. Again.- He reiterated that everything shown except for the flying scenes shown were all practical shots, meaning it was live special effects, real suits, etc.- Paltrow stated that the dynamic of the relationship between Pepper Potts and Tony Stark is what attracted her to the role.- Howard said it was the most fun he'd ever had on a film, doing cool stuff like going up in a F-16.- Feige stated that the reason they wanted to make a movie about Iron Man is that he's just a great character. To the question of the character being unknown, Arad disagreed and said he considers Iron Man to be very popular.- Favreau said that this is really a big independent movie and that past superhero films have shown that you don't need a big star to make it successful.- Stan Lee came onstage to crazy cheers and applause. He was gracious as ever.- RDJ said he picked Stan Lee's brain about the the creation of the character in order to pick up background info to help him play the role.- Favreau said the Tony Stark was never meant to be a likeable guy, he likes the "Han shot first" version of Han Solo.- Feige said there is definitely a plan to do an Avengers movie.They showed the trailer again and it was the only presentation I attended to end with a standing ovation.
Tags:
iron man,
the incredible hulk
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Since we have our very own Jimmy Olsen in the form of Bruce Simmons, I thought I'd throw up a great big 2008 San Diego Comic-Con post to share with you some of what we've been seeing here at the event. I hope you like 'em!Here are a couple of pics of the view from our room at the Marriot.Yet another endless line, waiting to get in to the main hall in the morning.
 



















Full size incredible Hulk, and he's angry at there being so many people!
 



















Flying Picachu. Kind of creepy, really...
 



















Full size Iron Man armor - SWEET!
 



















This is the Sideshow Collectibles Stan Winston bust I ordered that I haven't told my wife about yet.
 



















Our favorite Screen Rant photographer, Bruce Simmons.
 



















Daddy and son Stormtroopers. Awwwww......
 



















Creepy, yet somehow still sexy.
 



















Sexy, yet somehow still creepy.
 



















Just sexy.
 



















Just creepy.
 



















Now that's more like it.
 



















More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Yet another endless line, waiting to get in to the main hall in the morning.Full size incredible Hulk, and he's angry at there being so many people!
 



















Flying Picachu. Kind of creepy, really...
 



















Full size Iron Man armor - SWEET!
 



















This is the Sideshow Collectibles Stan Winston bust I ordered that I haven't told my wife about yet.
 



















Our favorite Screen Rant photographer, Bruce Simmons.
 



















Daddy and son Stormtroopers. Awwwww......
 



















Creepy, yet somehow still sexy.
 



















Sexy, yet somehow still creepy.
 



















Just sexy.
 



















Just creepy.
 



















Now that's more like it.
 



















More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Full size incredible Hulk, and he's angry at there being so many people!Flying Picachu. Kind of creepy, really...
 



















Full size Iron Man armor - SWEET!
 



















This is the Sideshow Collectibles Stan Winston bust I ordered that I haven't told my wife about yet.
 



















Our favorite Screen Rant photographer, Bruce Simmons.
 



















Daddy and son Stormtroopers. Awwwww......
 



















Creepy, yet somehow still sexy.
 



















Sexy, yet somehow still creepy.
 



















Just sexy.
 



















Just creepy.
 



















Now that's more like it.
 



















More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Flying Picachu. Kind of creepy, really...Full size Iron Man armor - SWEET!
 



















This is the Sideshow Collectibles Stan Winston bust I ordered that I haven't told my wife about yet.
 



















Our favorite Screen Rant photographer, Bruce Simmons.
 



















Daddy and son Stormtroopers. Awwwww......
 



















Creepy, yet somehow still sexy.
 



















Sexy, yet somehow still creepy.
 



















Just sexy.
 



















Just creepy.
 



















Now that's more like it.
 



















More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Full size Iron Man armor - SWEET!This is the Sideshow Collectibles Stan Winston bust I ordered that I haven't told my wife about yet.This is the Sideshow Collectibles Stan Winston bust I ordered that I haven't told my wife about yet.Our favorite Screen Rant photographer, Bruce Simmons.
 



















Daddy and son Stormtroopers. Awwwww......
 



















Creepy, yet somehow still sexy.
 



















Sexy, yet somehow still creepy.
 



















Just sexy.
 



















Just creepy.
 



















Now that's more like it.
 



















More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Our favorite Screen Rant photographer, Bruce Simmons.Daddy and son Stormtroopers. Awwwww......
 



















Creepy, yet somehow still sexy.
 



















Sexy, yet somehow still creepy.
 



















Just sexy.
 



















Just creepy.
 



















Now that's more like it.
 



















More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Daddy and son Stormtroopers. Awwwww......Creepy, yet somehow still sexy.
 



















Sexy, yet somehow still creepy.
 



















Just sexy.
 



















Just creepy.
 



















Now that's more like it.
 



















More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Creepy, yet somehow still sexy.Sexy, yet somehow still creepy.
 



















Just sexy.
 



















Just creepy.
 



















Now that's more like it.
 



















More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Sexy, yet somehow still creepy.Just sexy.
 



















Just creepy.
 



















Now that's more like it.
 



















More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Just sexy.Just creepy.
 



















Now that's more like it.
 



















More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Just creepy.Now that's more like it.
 



















More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Now that's more like it.More Comic-Con hotties.
 



















Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

More Comic-Con hotties.Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.
 



















Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Not hard to guess why this guy's smiling.Hmmmm....
 



















See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!
Hope you enjoyed these. :-)


Tags:
Comic-Con



















New Godzilla: King of the Monsters TV Spot Intimidates Humanity




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Hmmmm....See what you're missing? Get your butts out here next year!Hope you enjoyed these. :-)
Tags:
Comic-Con
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Here's the lineup of movies to be shown at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival. It includes both documentaries and dramas both domestic and international.I'll be taking a look at the offerings in a future post to see what stands out or might be interesting and worthwhile since there are 121 movies listed here. :-)DRAMATIC COMPETITIONAMERICAN SON (Director: Neil Abramson; Screenwriter: Eric Schmid) — Before being deployedfor active duty, a young Marine takes a four-day Thanksgiving leave to return home to Bakersfield,California. There he meets a young woman, tries to connect with old friends, and confronts hisvolatile home life. Cast: Nick Cannon, Melonie Diaz, Matt O'Leary, Jay Hernandez, Tom Sizemore,Chi McBride. World PremiereANYWHERE, U.S.A. (Director: Anthony (Chusy) Haney-Jardine; Screenwriters: Anthony (Chusy)Haney-Jardine, Jennifer Macdonald) — Told in three segments ranging from satirical to tragic, thefilm is a wildly original look at American manners, prejudices, and family dynamics. Cast: PerlaHaney-Jardine. World PremiereBALLAST (Director and Screenwriter: Lance Hammer) — A riveting, lyrical portrait of anemotionally frayed family whose lives are torn asunder by a tragic act in a small Mississippi Deltatown. Cast: Michael J. Smith Sr., Jim Myron Ross, Tarra Riggs, Johnny McPhail. World PremiereCHOKE (Director and Screenwriter: Clark Gregg)— An adaptation of Chuck Palahniuk’s (FightClub) novel, CHOKE is the sardonic story about mother and son relationship, fear of aging, sexualaddiction, and the dark side of historical theme parks. Cast: Sam Rockwell, Anjelica Huston, KellyMacDonald, Brad Henke. World PremiereDOWNLOADING NANCY (Director: Johan Renck; Screenwriters: Pamela Cuming, Lee Ross) —Thetale of an unhappy wife whose online search for someone to put her out of her misery results in atorturous love affair. Cast: Maria Bello, Jason Patric, Rufus Sewell, Amy Brenneman. WorldPremiereFROZEN RIVER (Director and Screenwriter: Courtney Hunt) —Set in rural upstate New York on aMohawk Reservation bordering Canada, a mother left to care for her teenage son finds herself luredinto the world of illegal immigrant smuggling. Cast: Melissa Leo, Misty Upham, Charlie McDermott,Michael O'Keefe, Mark Boone, Jr. World PremiereGOOD DICK (Director and Screenwriter: Marianna Palka) —The tale of a lonely girl drawn from herisolated life and solitary apartment by a doting young video store clerk who strives to capture heraffections. Cast: Jason Ritter, Marianna Palka, Tom Arnold, Mark Webber, Martin Starr, EricEdelstein. World PremiereTHE LAST WORD (Director and Screenwriter: Geoff Haley) —An off-beat romantic comedy about asolitary writer who makes his living composing other people's suicide notes. After meeting the sisterof a recently deceased client, he finds his reclusive life and secret career upended by an unusualromance. Cast: Winona Ryder, Wes Bentley, Ray Romano. World PremiereTHE MYSTERIES OF PITTSBURGH (Director and Screenwriter: Rawson Marshall Thurber) —Based on Michael Chabon's novel, the film chronicles the defining summer of a recent collegegraduate who crosses his gangster father and explores love, sexuality, and the enigmas surroundinghis life and his city. Cast: Jon Foster, Peter Sarsgaard, Rawson Marshall Thurber, Sienna Miller,Mena Suvari, Nick Nolte. World PremiereNORTH STARR (Director and Screenwriter: Matthew Stanton) —After witnessing the brutalmurder of his best friend, a young African American man flees the badlands of Houston and findshimself in Trublin, a backward, racially intolerant town where he meets an unlikely kindred spiritwho takes him under his wing. Cast: Jerome Hawkins, Matthew Stanton, Chris Sullivan, Isaac Lamb,Zach Johnson, Wayne Campbell. World PremierePHOEBE IN WONDERLAND (Director and Screenwriter: Daniel Barnz) — Confounded by herclashes with the seemingly rule-obsessed world, a little girl takes her already dysfunctional familydown the rabbit hole when she seeks enlightenment from her unconventional drama teacher.Cast: Elle Fanning, Felicity Huffman, Patricia Clarkson, Bill Pullman, Campbell Scott, Peter Gerety.World PremierePRETTY BIRD (Director and Screenwriter: Paul Schneider) — A comic tale of three would-beentrepreneurs who set out to invent a rocket belt. The clash of their mismatched personalities soon dissolves the business into a morass of recriminations, retaliations, kidnapping, and murder in thisparable of American dreams and delusions. Cast: Billy Crudup, Paul Giamatti, Kristen Wiig, DavidHornsby. World PremiereSLEEP DEALER (Director: Alex Rivera; Screenwriters: Alex Rivera, David Riker) — Set in a nearfuture,militarized world marked by closed borders, virtual labor and a global digital network thatjoins minds and experiences, three strangers risk their lives to connect with each other and breakthe barriers of technology. Cast: Luis Fernando Peña, Leonor Varela, Jacob Vargas. World PremiereSUGAR (Directors and Screenwriters: Anna Boden, Ryan Fleck) —Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck, wholast teamed up for HALF NELSON, chronicle the journey of Dominican baseball star Miguel "Sugar"Santos recruited from his native country to play in the U.S. minor leagues. Cast: Algenis Perez Soto.World PremiereSUNSHINE CLEANING (Director: Christine Jeffs; Screenwriter: Megan Holley) — ) —Struck byfinancial hardship, an ambitiousmother and her unmotivated sister become entrepreneurs in thefield of biohazard removal and crime scene clean-up. Cast: Amy Adams, Emily Blunt, Steve Zahn,Alan Arkin. World PremiereTHE WACKNESS (Director and Screenwriter: Jonathan Levine) — During a sweltering New Yorksummer, a troubled teenage drug dealer trades pot for therapy sessions with a drug-addledpsychiatrist, and in the process falls for the doctor's daughter. Cast: Josh Peck, Ben Kingsley, FamkeJanssen, Olivia Thirlby, Mary Kate Olsen, Method Man. World PremiereWORLD CINEMA DRAMATIC COMPETITIONABSURDISTAN/ Germany (Director: Veit Helmer; Screenwriters: Veit Helmer, Zaza Buadze,Gordan Mihic, Ahmet Golbol) — This inventive and allegorical comedy centers on two childhoodsweethearts who seem destined for one another until the women of their isolated village, angered bymale indifference toward the water shortage, go on a sex strike that threatens the young couple's firstnight of love. Cast: Maximilian Mauff, Kristyna Mlérova. World PremiereBLUE EYELIDS (PÁRPADOS AZULES)/ Mexico (Director: Ernesto Contreras; Screenwriter: CarlosContreras)– When Marina wins a beach getaway trip for two, her desperate search for someone totake with her leads to a complicated relationship and the revelation that she might be better off onher own. Cast: Cecilia Suàrez, Enrique Arreola, Ana Ofelia Murguía, Tiaré Scanda, Luisa Huertas.U.S. PremiereCAPTAIN ABU RAED/ Jordan (Director and Screenwriter: Amin Matalqa) — An aging airportjanitor who is mistaken for an airline pilot by a group of poor neighborhood children weavesfantastical stories to offer hope for a sad, and sometimes unchangeable, reality. Cast: NadimSawalha, Hussein Al-Sous, Rana Sultan, Uday Al-Qiddissi, Ghandi Saber . North American PremiereTHE DRUMMER (JIN. GWU)/ Hong Kong/ Taiwan/ Germany (Director and Screenwriter: KennethBi) — A young man transforms from a reckless youth and gangster into a mature adult through theinspiration of Zen drumming. Cast: Jaycee Chan, Tony Leung Ka Fai, Josie Ho, Roy Cheung, LeeSinje, Kenneth Tsang.I ALWAYS WANTED TO BE A GANGSTER (J'AI TOUJOURS RÊVÉ D'ÊTRE UN GANGSTER)/France (Director and Screenwriter: Samuel Benchetrit) — Told in four vignettes, this existentialcomedy relates the exploits of four aspiring criminals who hope to improve their lot, but find thatthey might not have what it takes for a life of crime. Cast: Sergi López, Jean Rochefort, AlainBashung, Anna Mouglalis. North American PremiereJUST ANOTHER LOVE STORY (KÆRLIGHED PÅ FILM)/ Denmark (Director and Screenwriter:Ole Borendal) —Jonas's quiet life as a suburban family man takes an unexpected twist when hecauses a car crash that leaves a young woman with amnesia. When he is mistaken for her boyfriend,Jonas's decision to play the role gradually unravels his life. Cast: Anders W. Berthelsen, Nikolaj LieKaas, Charlotte Fich, Dejan Cukic, Ewa Fröling. North American PremiereKING OF PING PONG (PING PONGKINGEN)/ Sweden (Director: Jens Jonsson; Screenwriters:Jens Jonsson, Hans Gunnarson) An ostracized and bullied teenage boy who excels only in ping pongdescends into an acrimonious struggle with his younger, more popular brother when the truth abouttheir family history and their father surfaces over the course of their spring break. Cast: GeorgiStaykov, Ann-Sofie Normi, Frederik Nilsson, Jerry Johansson. International PremiereMÁNCORA/ Spain/Peru (Director: Ricardo de Montreuil; Screenwriter: Oscar Torres)– A youngman mourning the death of his father sets out with his estranged stepsister and her arroganthusband for adventures in the lush, picturesque beach town of Máncora, Peru. World Premiere.World PremiereMEGANE (GLASSES)/ Japan (Director and Screenwriter: Naoko Ogigami)–Taeko's southernvacation becomes a life-changing experience when she discovers a unique beach community unifiedby surprising and perhaps odd traditions in this comedic film. Cast: Satomi Kobayashi, MikakoIchikawa, Ryo Kase, Ken Mitsuishi, Masako Motai. North American PremiereMERMAID (RUSALKA)/ Russia (Director and Screenwriter: Anna Melikyan) – The fanciful tale ofan introverted little girl who grows up believing she has the power to make wishes come true. Shemust reconcile this belief with reality when, as a young woman, she journeys to Moscow and grappleswith love, modernity and materialism. Cast: Masha Shalaeva, Evgeniy Ciganov, Maria Sokolova,Nastya Doncova. International PremierePERRO COME PERRO (DOG EAT DOG)/ Colombia (Director: Carlos Moreno; Screenwriters:Alonso Torres, Carlos Moreno) – In the crime world of Colombia, there is an unwritten code. WhenVíctor and Eusebio, two hoods who bungle a shake-down job, break that code, they unwittingly signtheir own death sentence. Cast: Marlon Moreno, Oscar Borda, Alvaro Rodríguez, Blas Jaramillo,Paulina Rivas. World PremiereRIPRENDIMI (GOOD MORNING HEARTACHE)/ Italy (Director: Anna Negri; Screenwriters:Anna Negri, Giovanna Mori) – A modern young couple with a new baby are forced to deal with thealmost comedic pain of breaking up while being the subject of a documentary that quickly crossesprofessional lines into their private lives. Cast: Alba Rohrwacher, Marco Foschi, ValentinaLodovini, Stefano Fresi, Alessandro Averone. World PremiereSTRANGERS/ Israel (Directors and Screenwriters: Erez Tadmor, Guy Nattiv)— An Israeli man anda Palestinian woman meet serendipitously during the carefree atmosphere of the World Cup finals inGermany, drawing them out of the stark reality of their lives and into a passionate affair. Cast: LironLevo, Lubna Azabal, Dominique Lollia, Patrick Albenque, Abdallah el Akal, Roger Dumas.International PremiereUNDER THE BOMBS (SOUS LES BOMBES)/ Lebanon (Director: Philippe Aractingi;Screenwriters: Philippe Aractingi,Michel Léviant)— In the wake of Israel's 2006 bombardment ofLebanon, a determined woman finds her way into the country convincing a taxi cab driver to take arisky journey through the scarred region in search of her sister and her son. Cast: Nada Abou Farhat,Georges Khabbaz, Bshara Atallah, and Rawia Elchab. North American PremiereTHE WAVE (DIE WELLE)/ Germany (Director: Dennis Gansel; Screenwriters: Dennis Gansel andPeter Thorwarth) —A high school teacher's unusual experiment to demonstrate to his students whatlife is like under a dictatorship spins horribly out of control when he forms a social unit with a life ofits own. Cast: Juergen Vogel, Frederick Lau, Max Riemelt, Jennifer Ulrich, Christiane Paul. WorldPremiereTHE WIND AND THE WATER (BURWA DII EBO)/ Panama (Directors and Screenwriters: Acollective collaboration)– A young indigenous teen seeking his fortune in Panama City struggles toacclimate to chaotic urban life, where he becomes enamored with a girl from a wealthy, assimilatedfamily. Later, he encounters his crush once again--but this time the landscape and tradition definetheir interaction. World PremiereDOCUMENTARY COMPETITIONAN AMERICAN SOLDIER (Director and Screenwriter: Edet Belzberg) —Uncle Sam really wants you! A compelling exploration of army recruitment in the United States told through the story of Louisiana Sergeant, First Class Clay Usie, one of the most successful recruiters in the history of the U.S. Army. World Premiere.AMERICAN TEEN (Director and Screenwriter: Nanette Burstein) — This irreverent cinema véritéchronicles four seniors at an Indiana high school and yields a surprising snapshot of Midwesternlife. World PremiereBIGGER, STRONGER, FASTER* (Director: Christopher Bell; Screenwriters: Christopher Bell,Alexander Buono, Tamsin Rawady) —A filmmaker explores America’s win-at-all-cost culture byexamining his two brothers' steroids use...and his own. World PremiereFIELDS OF FUEL (Director and Screenwriter: Josh Tickell) — America is addicted to oil and it istime for an intervention. Enter Josh Tickell, a man with a plan and a Veggie Van, who is taking on bigoil, big government, and big soy to find solutions in places few people have looked. World PremiereFLOW: FOR LOVE OF WATER (Director: Irena Salina) — Water is the very essence of life,sustaining every being on the planet. FLOW confronts the disturbing reality that our crucial resourceis dwindling and greed just may be the cause. World PremiereGONZO: THE LIFE AND WORK OF DR. HUNTER S. THOMPSON (Director: Alex Gibney) —Fueled by a raging libido, Wild Turkey, and superhuman doses of drugs, Thompson was a true "freelance," goring sacred cows with impunity, hilarity, and a steel-eyed conviction for writing wrongs.Focusing on the good doctor's heyday, 1965 to 1975, the film includes clips of never-before-seen(nor heard) home movies, audiotapes, and passages from unpublished manuscripts. WorldPremiereTHE GREATEST SILENCE: RAPE IN THE CONGO (Director and Screenwriter: Lisa F. Jackson) —Jackson travels to remote villages in the war zones of the Congo to meet rape survivors, providing apiercing, intimate look into the struggle of their lives. World PremiereI.O.U.S.A. (Director: Patrick Creadon) —Few are aware that America may be on the brink of afinancial meltdown. I.O.U.S.A. explores the country’s shocking current fiscal condition and ways toavoid a national economic disaster. World PremiereNERAKHOON (THE BETRAYAL) (Director: Ellen Kuras; Co-Director: Thavisouk Phrasavath;Screenwriters: Ellen Kuras, Thavisouk Phrasavath)— The epic story of a family forced to emigratefrom Laos after the chaos of the secret air war waged by the U.S. during the Vietnam War. Kuras hasspent the last 23 years chronicling the family's extraordinary journey in this deeply personal, poetic,and emotional film. World PremiereTHE ORDER OF MYTHS (Director: Margaret Brown) — In 2007 Mobile, Alabama, Mardi Gras iscelebrated...and complicated. Following a cast of characters, parades, and parties across an enduring2008 SUNDANCE FILM FESTIVAL ANNOUNCES FILMS IN COMPETITION11/28/07 page 3 of 10color line, we see that beneath the surface of pageantry lies something else altogether. WorldPremierePATTI SMITH: DREAM OF LIFE (Director and Screenwriter: Steven Sebring) — An intimateportrait of music icon Patti Smith that mirrors the essence of the artist herself. World PremiereROMAN POLANSKI: WANTED AND DESIRED (Director: Marina Zenovich; Screenwriters:Marina Zenovich, Joe Bini, P.G. Morgan) — Marina Zenovich's new documentary examines thepublic scandal and private tragedy which led to legendary director Roman Polanski's sudden flightfrom the United States. World PremiereSECRECY (Directors: Peter Galison, Robb Moss) — Amidst the American hunger for instantaneousnews and up-to-date “facts,” this unflinching film uncovers the vast, invisible world of governmentsecrecy. World PremiereSLINGSHOT HIP HOP (Director: Jackie Reem Salloum) —The voice of a new generation rocks andrhymes as Palestinian rappers form alternative voices of resistance within the Israeli-Palestinianstruggle. World PremiereTRACES OF THE TRADE: A STORY FROM THE DEEP NORTH (Director: Katrina Browne; C0-Directors: Alla Kovgan, Jude Ray; Screenwriters: Katrina Browne, Alla Kovgan)— History finally getsrewritten as descendants of the largest slave-trading family in early America face their past, andpresent, as they explore their violent heritage across oceans and continents. World PremiereTROUBLE THE WATER (Directors: Tia Lessin, Carl Deal) — An aspiring rap artist and herstreetwise husband, armed with a video camera, show what survival is all about when they aretrapped in New Orleans by deadly floodwaters, and seize a chance for a new beginning. WorldPremiereWORLD CINEMA DOCUMENTARY COMPETITIONALONE IN FOUR WALLS (ALLEIN IN VIER WÄNDEN)/ Germany (Director and Screenwriter:Alexandra Westmeier) — Adolescent boys struggle to grow up in a home for delinquents in ruralRussia where life behind bars may be better than the release to freedom. North American PremiereTHE ART STAR AND THE SUDANESE TWINS/ New Zealand (Director and Screenwriter: PietraBrettkelly) — Vanessa Beecroft is obsessively determined to adopt Sudanese twin orphans. Herconsuming passion drives her marriage to a breaking point and fuels her controversial art, raisingtroubling questions about exploitation, culture clash, and the imposition of the West on Africa.World PremiereBE LIKE OTHERS/ United Kingdom (Director: Tanaz Eshaghian) — An intimate and unflinchinglook at life in Iran, seen through the lens of those living at its fringes, BE LIKE OTHERS is aprovocative look at a generation of young Iranian men choosing to undergo sex change surgery.World PremiereA COMPLETE HISTORY OF MY SEXUAL FAILURES/ United Kingdom (Director: Chris Waitt;Screenwriters: Chris Waitt and Henry Trotter)–Chris is a useless boyfriend. Determined to find outwhy, he consults his ex-girlfriends, medical practitioners, producers, and mother to find out how women really see him. Has this journey made him potential boyfriend material or is he staring a lifeof loneliness square in the face? World PremiereDEREK/ United Kingdom (Director: Isaac Julien)— A film involving two courageous and innovativeartists —one the subject and one the filmmaker —provides a cinematic journey that illuminates thework and enduring importance of the late Derek Jarman. World PremiereDINNER WITH THE PRESIDENT/Pakistan (Directors and Screenwriters: Sabiha Sumar andSachithanandam Sathananthan) — From on-the-street interviews to audiences with religiousleaders to dinner with the President of Pakistan, the film takes the temperature of a culture on issuesfrom politics to women’s rights. U.S. PremiereDURAKOVO: THE VILLAGE OF FOOLS (DURAKOVO: LE VILLAGE DES FOUS)/ France(Director and Screenwriter: Nino Kirtadze) — Russian nationalism percolates in a castle outsideMoscow, where Mikhail Morozov rules autonomously over young initiates, laying the groundwork fora rapidly growing right-wing movement. North American PremiereIN PRISON MY WHOLE LIFE/ United Kingdom (Director: Marc Evans; Screenwriters: Marc Evans,William Francome) — A curious young filmmaker attempts to understand the true story behindaward-winning journalist Mumia Abu Jamal’s death row sentence, and comes to startlingrealizations about American history and its justice system. With William Francome, Noam Chomsky,Alice Walker, Mos Def, Smoof , Snoop Dogg, Angela Davis . North American PremiereMAN ON WIRE/ United Kingdom (Director and Screenwriter: James Marsh)— In 1974, PhilippePetit, a young Frenchman, dances on a wire suspended between New York's Twin Towers.Consequently, Philippe is arrested and thrown into jail for what would become known as “the artisticcrime of the century.” World PremierepUUJEE/ Japan (Director and Screenwriter: Kazuya Yamada) — Against the backdrop of amagnificent but harsh natural landscape, a Japanese photojournalist encounters puujee, a young girlwho tames wild horses on the Mongolian plains. North American PremiereRECYCLE/ Jordan (Director and Screenwriter: Al Massad) — A Jordanian family man living in thehometown of Muslim leader Al-Zarqawi struggles to support his family and define his identity in atense political climate. World PremiereSTRANDED: I’VE COME FROM A PLANE THAT CRASHED ON THE MOUNTAINS/ France(Director and Screenwriter: Gonzalo Arijon) — For the first time ever, survivors of the famous 1974Andes plane crash tell in their own words their harrowing story of survival. North AmericanPremiereTRIAGE: DR. JAMES ORBINSKI’S HUMANITARIAN DILEMMA/ Canada (Director: PatrickReed) — Acclaimed doctor James Orbinski, former head of Doctors Without Borders, returns toAfrica to confront the harsh reality of conditions there and explores what it means to be ahumanitarian. North American PremiereUP THE YANGTZE/ Canada (Director and Screenwriter: Yung Chang) —At the edge of the YangtzeRiver, not far from the Three Gorges Dam, young men and women take up employment on a cruiseship, where they confront rising waters and a radically changing China. U.S. PremiereTHE WOMEN OF BRUKMAN (LES FEMMES DE LA BRUKMAN)/ Canada (Director andScreenwriter: Isaac Isitan) —Amidst Argentina’s financial collapse, workers take over a BuenosAires men’s clothing factory and continue producing clothing on a self-management model. As theformerly poor become business managers, their lives are changed forever. U.S. PremiereYASUKUNI/ Japan (Director and Screenwriter: Li Ying) —Controversy abounds as Japanese officialshonor the deceased at the legendary Yasukuni shrine, where swords used to kill Chinese soldierswere famously forged. Few know about the shrine’s eerie past and the mysterious sword inside. Cast: Kariya Naoji, Sugawara Ryuken,Gaojin Sumei. North American Premiere
Tags:
sundance
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
One of the more highly-anticipated panels of the upcoming 2009 San Diego Comic-Con International is Shane Acker's '9', a new CGI-animated film about a dystopian future where mankind has been eradicated by machines and only nine living rag dolls remain to protect life itself.Many have been impressed with the visual splendor and creative imagination behind 9; the fact that the film is based on a Oscar-Nominated short film and has producer's like Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov (Wanted) backing it is no small endorsement either. As a preview of what you can expect from 9 at the 'Con this year, check out a few words from Tim Burton and some new stills from the film: Said Tim Burton in a recent interview with MTV News:I just love the texture and stop-motion feel to [the film]...I know animation is broadening its horizons but this just felt different… I liked the world that [Acker] created and the texture. It felt like a different type of animated film. The visuals were helping to create the story. I just felt very in tune with the look and feel of it.Our goal as producers—if you see someone you like, you don’t want to suppress them—the goal was to create an environment where [Acker] can do his thing...My attitude is always to give suggestions and if he uses them fine, if not, okay. We wanted this to be grounded and slightly realistic in the similar vein to stop-motion, let the film breathe. We wanted it to have mystery and let it breathe.The panel for 9 at Comic-Con will include Burton, co-producer Bekmambetov, creator/director Shane Acker and stars Elijah Wood and Jennifer Connelly, who voice the characters of "9" and "7" respectively. In regards to what fans can expect from the panel, Burton hinted, "Probably a sequence or two."The panel for 9 will take place on Friday, July 24th from 2:30 pm - 3:30 pm in Hall H of the San Diego Convention Center. See you there.If you can't make it to Comic-Con but want to see more of 9, check out some stills below, which were released exclusively to a few lucky websites by Focus Features:...For better looks at the pics, head over to MTV, EW, The Anime Blog & Buzznet. If all these numbers are confusing you, get to know the characters of 9 (dolls 1-9) by going here.'9' will be in theaters on 9-9-09.  The 2009 San Diego Comic-Con International will take place from July 23-26th.Source: MTV & io9
Tags:
9,
Comic-Con
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Every year a horror festival by the name of Film 4 Frightfest takes place on August Bank Holiday weekend in London in the UK. It's a haven for British horror film fans, featuring some of the latest and greatest of what the horror genre has to offer that are almost always UK, European and World Premieres. The festival returns for it's tenth year in 2009, and we have the scheduled line-up of films for you to have a look at.For the first time in the Frightfest's history, the films will be shown on two screens: The Main Screen will show the biggest films (the Premieres, the ones with the biggest stars/directors etc), and the Discovery Screen will play some of the more riskier stuff, along with doubling up on some of the bigger stuff to give folks the chance to see them if they missed them on the other screen.Without further ado, here is the full line-up for the 2009 Film 4 Frightfest (thanks to Frightfest and /Film):MAIN SCREEN:THURSDAY 27 AUGUST18:30 Triangle - dir. Christopher Smith UK/Australia 200921:15 The Hills Run Red - dir. Red Dave Parker USA 200923:30 Infestation + Deadwalkers - dir. Kyle Rankin 2009FRIDAY 28 AUGUST11.00 The Horseman - dir. Steven Kastissios Australia 200813.45 Beware the Moon (World Premiere) - dir. Paul Davis UK 200916.10 An American Werewolf in London - dir. John Landis USA 198119.20 Shadow (World Premiere) - dir. Federico Zampaglione Italy 200921.35 The Horde (Special Sneak Preview) - dir. Yannick Dahan & Benjamin Rocher France 200900.00 Macabre (UK Premiere) - dir. The MO Brothers Singapore 2009SATURDAY 29 AUGUST11.30 Smash Cut (UK Premiere) - dir. Lee Demabre Canada 200913.45 Hierro (UK Premiere) - dir. Gabe Ibanez Spain 200915.45 Millennium: The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo (UK Premiere) - dir. Niels Arden Oplev Sweden 200919.00 Giallo (London Premiere) - dir. Dario Argento USA/Italy 200921.00 Trick'r Treat (UK premiere) - dir. Michael Dougherty USA 200823.15 Vampire Girl Vs. Frankenstein Girl (UK Premiere) - dir. Yoshihiro Nishimura and Naoyuki Tomomatsu Japan 2009SUNDAY 30 AUGUST11.30 Dead Snow (UK Premiere) - dir. Tommy Wirkola Norway 200913.45 The Human Centipede: First Sequence (World Premiere) - dir. Tom Six Holland 200915.50 Coffin Rock (World Premiere) - dir. Rupert Glasson Australia 200918.45 Night of the Demons (World Premiere) - dir. Adam Gierasch USA 200921.00 Clive Barker's Dread (UK Premiere) - dir. Anthony DiBlasi UK 200923:15 100 Best Deaths - Andy Nyman PresentsMONDAY 31 AUGUST11.00 Zombie Women of Satan (World Premiere) - dir. Warren Speed & Steve O'Brien UK 200913.15 The House of the Devil (UK Premiere) - dir. Ti West USA 200915.30 Case 39 (UK Premiere) - dir. Christian Alvart USA 200918.30 Heartless (World Premiere) - dir. Philip Ridley UK 200921.15 The Descent: Part Two (World Premiere) - dir. Jon Harris UK 2009DISCOVERY SCREEN:FRIDAY 28 AUGUST12.00 Best Worst Movie (UK Premiere) - dir. Michael Stephenson USA 200814.15 I Sell the Dead (London Premiere) - dir. Glenn McQuaid USA 200816.15 I Think We're Alone Now - dir. Sean Donnelly USA 200818.45 Colin (Preview Screening) - dir. Marc Price UK 200821.00 Black (UK Premiere) - dir. Pierre Laffargue France 2008SATURDAY 29 AUGUST12.00 The Horror of Writing Competition13.45 Evil Things (World Premiere) - dir. Dominic Perez USA 200916.15 Fragment (World Premiere) - dir. Andrew Miles Australia 200918.45 It's Alive (UK Premiere) - dir. Joseph Rusnak USA 200821.00 Pontypool (London Premiere) - dir. Bruce McDonald Canada 2008SUNDAY 30 AUGUST12.00 Black (UK Premiere) - dir. Pierre Laffargue France 200814.40. Pontypool (London Premiere) - dir. Bruce McDonald Canada 200817.00 I Think We're Alone Now - dir. Sean Donnelly USA, 200819.00 I Sell the Dead (London Premiere) - dir. Glenn McQuaid USA 200821.00 Best Worst Movie (UK Premiere) - dir. Michael Stephenson USA 2008MONDAY 31 AUGUST11.00 Colin (Preview Screening) - dir. Marc Price UK 200814.15 It's Alive (UK Premiere) - dir. Joseph Rusnak USA 200816.15 Fragment (World Premiere) - dir. Andrew Miles Australia 200918.45 Evil Things (World Premiere) - dir. Dominic Perez USA 2009To view the information on all the films showing at this year's Frightfest you can head over to the official website.Probably the biggest film of the Frightfest is The Descent: Part Two, which is of course the sequel to Neil Marshall's horror masterpiece, The Descent. You may remember I vented my anger at them by way of a rant about them making a sequel to The Descent a few months ago - although I have since managed to calm myself down, I'm still not happy about they're being a sequel (admittedly, my love for the first one may have blinded me to any possible positives the sequel may hold).Also showing is Bruce McDonald's Pontypool, the zombie film with a twist. I don't want to give away what makes it so unique, but if you get a chance to see it, I'd highly recommend making the effort (it was my absolute favorite movie of the Edinburgh International Film Festival recently). Along with The Descent: Part Two and Pontypool, they seem to have a great line-up once again this year. Just some of those I want to check out at some point are: Giallo (the latest from legendary horror director, Dario Argento); I Sell The Dead (a quirky looking horror-comedy that stars Ron Perlman and Lost's Dominic Monaghan); the £45/$70 zombie film that got a lot of attention at Cannes this year called Colin; and the Danish Nazi zombie flick, Dead Snow.To tease us all for the Frightfest (although you readers from the US most likely won't make it to the UK this August), we have some new images from The Descent: Part Two, along with the poster and first trailer for Argento's Giallo (a film which I'm kicking myself for missing at the EIFF this year).
Tags:
the descent 2,
pontypool,
giallo
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Maybe I'm just out of touch with today's youth culture, but as I look over this "winners list" from the 2009 MTV Movie Awards, I can't help but feel like a crotchety old man who complains about the kids today with their loud music and funny ways of talking. The Twilight Saga wiped the floor with the competition, proving that vampire romance is the current king of pop culture, for better or worse.In the interest of fairness, Screen Rant presents the complete list of winners from the 2009 MTV Movie Awards. Be wary, though: your head may explode as you read which actors and films lost to Twilight.Here are the nominees listed by category (winners are highlighted in red). Shout-out to Slash Film for once again compiling an easy list for yours truly to copy and paste:BEST MOVIEBEST FEMALE PERFORMANCEBEST MALE PERFORMANCE BREAKTHROUGH PERFORMANCE FEMALE BREAKTHROUGH PERFORMANCE MALE BEST COMEDIC PERFORMANCE BEST VILLAIN BEST FIGHT BEST KISSBEST WTF MOMENT (New Category)BEST SONG FROM A MOVIE (New Category)Is your head still in one piece?Maybe I'm being unfair to the MTV Movie Awards - after all, these winners were chosen by fan votes, reflecting the democratic consensus of America's youth. Hell, maybe Zac Efron WAS a better male performer than Robert Downey Jr. or Christian Bale, and maybe Twilight WAS a better film than The Dark Knight, Iron Man, or even Slumdog Millionaire (after all, what is an Oscar for Best Picture compared to an MTV online poll?). And Miley Cyrus beating out Bruce Springsteen in a Best Song category? Makes total sense to me!!!I'm too old to spend more than five minutes watching MTV these days but some (read: two) highlights from last night's Awards broadcast included a never-before-seen clip from Transformers: Revenge of The Fallen and the long-awaited debut of the first trailer for The Twilight Saga: New Moon. Other than that...What do you think about the winners of the 2009 MTV Movie Awards? Do you agree with the results, or do you feel like this awards show needs to be taken out back behind the shed and shot?Source: Slash Film & MTV News
Tags:
iron man,
the dark knight,
twilight,
new moon,
slumdog millionaire
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The final farewell to the cast of Battlestar Galactica was worth seeing, even if a few notable cast members were missing. They received a very long standing ovation as they descended the stairs from the rear of the theater after exiting a Cylon Raider. Grace Park’s joke got quite a few people to react where I was sitting. I won’t spoil it here but it was cute. Edward James Olmos professed an awful lot of love for the fans. Of course at Comic-Con, that love only cost $75 for an autograph and a photo op this summer. All kidding aside, he was very enthusiastic in leading the crowd in BSG’s mantra “so say we all” several times.Quentin Tarantino presented the Scream Mastermind award to George A Romero. His exuberance for Romero left no doubt that he’s honestly a fan. But even cooler than that was after the show wrapped, Tarantino took a few minutes to chat briefly and shake hands with the fans in the crowd.Ending the show this year was Tobey Maguire, who presented the Comic-Con Icon award to Stan Lee. Aside from his new banter, Lee gave pretty much the same speech as last year about how comics have come a long way in terms of their acceptance. He also asked Sam Raimi, who was in the crowd, to give him a much larger role in the next Spider-Man movie. Tobey took the time to shake a few hands as well, and was very cool.As much as I enjoyed this year’s show over 2008’s, there were a few things I noticed. There were no musical performances this year (not counting the Creepshow theme piano-playing ghoul for George A Romero’s tribute). Last year had the Smashing Pumpkins and Kerli. If taking out the musical acts helped pave the way for the bigger and better guests this year, then I won’t miss them next year either. But the one slight I noticed was regarding Joe Hill. As a nominee for Best Comic Book Writer on the website poll, his name was not mentioned at the show. It’s a shame too, he’s really one to watch for, as his father is none other than Stephen King. Maybe Spike can edit it back in during post. It was also a bit disappointing that Hugh Jackman was unable to be there in person, but at least he taped an acceptance speech for his award.After a fantastic 2008, I was worried that there was no way 2009’s Scream Awards could come close. This year blew away all of my expectations and I’m already eagerly anticipating the 2010 Scream Awards!
Tags:
battlestar galactica,
star trek,
true blood,
alice in wonderland,
new moon,
transformers 3,
jennifer's body
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
It’s time to dust off your remote and make room on your DVR, because the 2010 Fall television season is upon us. With over 20 new TV series premiering this month, figuring out what to watch may be a tad overwhelming. Luckily, we’ve watched almost every new premiere and have put together a comprehensive guide of all the new shows, their premiere dates and, for those interested, a mini-review to let you know whether or not each series might be worth your time.Included in the bunch are Kurtzman and Orci’s Hawaii Five-0 remake for CBS, J.J. Abrams’ spy drama Undercovers for NBC and the long-awaited superhero drama from ABC, No Ordinary Family. Unfortunately, we haven’t been able to see NBC’s Outsourced (take that as a sign) and the series premiere of Law & Order: Los Angeles isn’t available yet. While our mini-review for Chase also isn’t available at this time, this post will be updated when the premiere arrives (any day now).In case the mini-reviews aren’t enough to help you decide whether or not you should watch a series, we’ve also included three indicators; green, yellow and red, that also represent our feelings on each show.Green – Watch it!Yellow – DVR it!Red – Skip it! (seriously)We cover the new shows from ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox, The CW and FX. We start out with ABC directly below, but if you want to jump to the new shows for a particular network, click on the links below:New 2010 TV shows on CBSNew 2010 TV shows on The CWNew 2010 TV shows on NBCNew 2010 TV shows on FoxNew 2010 TV shows on FX-Premieres: Wednesday, September 22, 8:30pmPlot (courtesy of ABC): Maddie and Ben have been dating for nine years. They know each other inside and out, a relationship marked by contentment and affection, seeing their commitment to one another as a "valid life choice," something they proclaim often - and often loudly. Maddie's younger sister, Mia, has been dating Casey for seven weeks. With a shared c'est la vie attitude, Mia and Casey are smitten with each other, and thrilled to explore the oh-so-many things they don't know about each other yet. But when they announce they're getting married and having a baby, it's news that throws Maddie for a loop. Surprisingly, the girls' parents, Vicky and Joel, couldn't be more pleased. Married 35 years, they have recently adopted a carpe diem sort of philosophy, rather like Mia's, cptfc maybe because they're getting older and lost a good portion of their savings when the economy tanked. With three very different relationships tightly intertwined in one family, will it be free thinkers vs. over-thinkers, or will each couple begin to see things a little bit differently?Mini Review: Better With You is the text-book network sitcom. While the pilot is mildly entertaining and the premise is (somewhat) unique, this series could struggle to find an audience amongst ABC's strong Wednesday-night comedy line-up. If you feel that this is a series you might enjoy, better start watching now, because I don't see it lasting longer than two seasons, at most.-Premieres: Fridays, 9:00-10:00 p.m., ET (no published premiere date yet)Plot (courtesy of ABC): Dr. Megan Hunt was in a class of her own, a brilliant neurosurgeon at the top of her game. But her world is turned upside down when a devastating car accident puts an end to her time in the operating room. Megan resumes her career as a medical examiner, determined to solve the puzzle of who or what killed the victims. Her instincts are sharp, but she's developed a reputation for graying the lines of where her job ends and where the police department's begins. It turns out her career isn't the only thing that will need to be rebuilt; Megan's family has taken a backseat to her ambition, and now she's discovering there's a lot of work to do when it comes to dissecting her relationships with the living.Mini Review: Like House, Bones and Lie To Me, Body of Proof is a unique take on the modern-day procedural. While the pilot is mainly focused on backstory and getting the audience "in-the-loop," this series has the potential to be something great.-Premieres: Tuesday, September 21, 10:00pmPlot (courtesy of ABC): What does it take to be a detective in one of America's toughest cities? Follow one homicide unit as Detroit's finest unearth the crisis and revelation, heartbreak and heroism of these inner city cops in this series shot entirely in Detroit, Michigan. There's the damaged but driven Detective Louis Fitch, a wily homicide vet who is the most respected -- and most misunderstood -- man in the division; Detective Damon Washington, Fitch's new partner, who finds the first day on the job is a trial by fire, complicated by the imminent birth of his first child; Detective Ariana Sanchez, sexy, edgy and beautiful, who has emerged from a rough background to become a rising star in the department; narcotics undercover cop John Stone, a streetwise smooth talker, clever and quick with a smile made for the movies, who is teamed with Sanchez -- a combustible pairing rife with conflict and sexual tension; Sergeant Jesse Longford, a 30-year veteran and sage of the department struggling with his impending retirement from the force and the city he loves, who, together with his partner, Detective Vikram Mahajan -- a fully Americanized son of Indian immigrants -- form an amusing mismatch of experience and enthusiasm, intellect and instinct, old school and new world, but whose combined skills have never encountered a case that couldn't be cleared; and all are headed by Lieutenant Maureen Mason, a strong-willed single mom struggling to balance home and work. The unit works with the primary medical examiner, Dr. Abbey Ward, who has an unusual hobby in her off-hours - roller derby.Mini Review: At times, the documentary style of Detroit 1-8-7 adds refreshing and intriguing elements that prevent this series from becoming another run-of-the-mill police procedural. Unfortunately, that same documentary style also hurts Detroit 1-8-7 when awkward looks into the camera and the numerous, annoying title cards instantly take the viewer out of the story. That being said, there's no doubt that if you watch the series premiere, you'll be tuning in the next week.-Premieres: Thursday, September 23, 8:00pmPlot (courtesy of ABC): What a difference ten years can make. In 2000, a documentary crew follows a disparate group of high schoolers from Greenbelt High School in Austin, TX as they prepare for graduation, then revisits these former classmates ten years later as they return home to rediscover that just because they're not where they planned doesn't mean they're not right where they need to be. These students couldn't wait to graduate and head out into the real world. But the world they were entering got very real very fast. As these classmates return home to revisit their old hopes for their future, they'll discover that, even if you don't get exactly what you thought you wanted out of life, it's not too late to get what you need.Mini Review: While My Generation is an extremely ambitious television series, it struggles to provide a realistic story in which all of the characters are reunited. Of course, by the time that plot completely unfolds, viewers will already be annoyed with the main characters, bored with their individuals storylines and nauseated by the forced "documentary" look.-Premieres: Tuesday, September 28, 8:00pmPlot (courtesy of ABC): The Powells are about to go from ordinary to extraordinary. After 16 years of marriage, Jim and Stephanie's relationship lacks the spark it once had, and their family life now consists of balancing work and their two children, leaving little time for family bonding. During a family vacation set up by Jim in an attempt to reconnect, their plane crashes into the Amazon River. But this is where the fun starts for the Powells, as they soon discover that something's not quite right. Each of them now possesses unique and distinct superpowers. But saving and savoring their family life will be equally important, as they try to find purpose for their new powers and embark on a journey to find out what defines and unifies them. The Powells are a totally relatable family who happen to be a little bit amazing.Mini Review: With an extremely talented cast, entertaining story-arc and and realistic character development, No Ordinary Family and ABC accomplished what NBC and Heroes haven't been able to do for the past 3 years - produce an entertaining superhero drama that will have viewers tuning in week after week.-Premieres: Wednesday, September 22, 10:00pmPlot (courtesy of ABC): With a unique alternative narrative structure that chronicles the way a case is built from the perspectives of both the defense and prosecution, "The Whole Truth" shows each side equally and keeps its audience guessing, shifting allegiances of guilt or innocence until the very final scene. Kathryn Peale, the product of a New England background and a sheriff father, is a deputy bureau chief in the Manhattan District Attorney's office. Jimmy Brogan, born and raised in Hell's Kitchen and a friend of Kathryn's since their days at Yale Law School, is one of New York's rising criminal attorney stars. These two evenly matched legal masters will square off each week as the central characters of the series.Mini Review: The Whole Truth is an entertaining legal drama that is very reminiscence of the short-lived Fox drama Justice. Unfortunately, the freshman series doesn't bring anything new to the television legal drama... which could be its down-fall.
Tags:
the defenders,
undercovers,
no ordinary family,
running wilde,
raising hope,
the event,
better with you,
body of proof,
detroit 187,
my generation,
the whole truth,
blue bloods,
mike and molly,
bleep my dad says,
hellcats,
nikita,
chase,
law and order:la,
outlaw,
outsourced,
lone star,
terriers,
hawaii five-0
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
As 2010 approaches, it's time to bid farewell to the cinematic happenings of 2K9 - but what does the near-future hold for movie lovers? Luckily for you guys, we here at Screen Rant are dusting off our crystal ball and looking ahead... all the way to the year 2010.Be sure to read through our entire 2010 movie preview (of over 70 movies!) to get the scoop on when you'll be able to catch big flicks like Iron Man 2, Christopher Nolan's Inception, Martin Scorsese's adaptation of Shutter Island, Freddy Krueger's return to Elm Street, a comic book adaptation that's sure to Kick-Ass, an animated showdown between Dreamworks' Shrek Forever After and Pixar's Toy Story 3 - and for the ladies, a second helping of Sex In The City and an obscure little film called The Twilight Saga: Eclipse....And that's just the preview of the preview. Let's get to the full list of 2010 movies.You can click on any one of the movie titles to see our archive of coverage on that film.If you're impatient and want to skip around, here's where you can find:2010 Spring movies2010 Summer movies2010 Fall/Winter moviesEnjoy...-January 8thSynopsis: In the year 2019, a plague has transformed most every human into vampires. Faced with a dwindling blood supply, the fractured dominant race plots their survival; meanwhile, a researcher  (Ethan Hawke) works with a covert band of vamps on a way to save humankind..January 8thSynopsis: Nick Twisp (Michael Cera), a unique, but affable teen with a taste for the finer things in life falls hopelessly in love with free-spirited Sheeni Saunders (Portia Doubleday). But family, geography and jealous ex-lovers conspire to keep these two apart. With Sheeni's encouragement, Nick abandons his dull, predictable life and develops a rebellious alter ego who leads him on a path of destruction with uproarious consequences..January 15thSynopsis: A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man (Denzel Washington) fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind. Gary Oldman and Mila Kunis co-star..January 15thSynopsis: Based on the critically acclaimed best-selling novel by Alice Sebold, and directed by Oscar-winner Peter Jackson, The Lovely Bones centers on a young girl (Saoirse Ronan) who has been murdered and watches over her family and her killer from heaven. She must weigh her desire for vengeance against her desire for her family to heal..January 22ndSynopsis: After a terrifying biblical apocalypse descends upon the world, a group of strangers stranded in a remote truck stop diner in the Southwest unwittingly become humanity's last line of defense when they discover the diner's young waitress is pregnant with the messiah..January 22ndSynopsis: A bad deed on the part of a tough minor-league hockey player results in an unusual sentence: He must serve one week as a real-life tooth fairy..January 29thSynopsis: As homicide detective Thomas Craven (Mel Gibson) investigates the death of his activist daughter, he uncovers not only her secret life, but a corporate cover-up and government collusion that attracts an agent tasked with cleaning up the evidence..From Paris with LoveFebruary 5thSynopsis: In Paris, a young employee in the office of the US Ambassador hooks up with an American spy looking to stop a terrorist attack in the city..February 12thSynopsis: A young boy discovers he's the descendant of a Greek god and sets out on an adventure to settle an on-going battle between the gods. Based on the book by Rick Riordan..February 12thSynopsis: Lawrence Talbot (Benicio Del Toro), a haunted nobleman, is lured back to his family estate when his brother's fiancée (Emily Blunt) tracks him down to help find her missing love. Reunited with his estranged father (Anthony Hopkins), Talbot learns that something with brute strength and insatiable bloodlust has been killing the villagers, and that a suspicious Scotland Yard inspector named Aberline (Hugo Weaving) has come to investigate..February 19thSynopsis: Up-and-coming U.S. marshal Teddy Daniels is assigned to investigate the disappearance of a patient from Boston's Shutter Island Hospital. Teddy's shrewd investigating skills soon provide a promising lead, but the hospital refuses him access to records he suspects would break the case wide open. As a hurricane cuts off communication with the mainland, more dangerous criminals "escape" in the confusion, and as the puzzling, improbable clues multiply, Teddy begins to doubt everything - his memory, his partner, even his own sanity..February 26thSynopsis: A comedy about two cops (Bruce Willis, Tracy Morgan) whose adventures include locating a stolen baseball card, rescuing a woman, and dealing with gangsters and their laundered money. Kevin Smith directs. Formerly titled "A Couple of Dicks" and then "A Couple of Cops". Now it's called Cop Out..February 26thSynopsis: The inhabitants of a small Iowa town suddenly plagued by insanity and then death after a mysterious toxin contaminates their water supply.
Tags:
the lovely bones,
clash of the titans,
the a-team,
the wolfman,
nightmare on elm street,
prince of persia,
harry potter,
legion,
edge of darkness,
green hornet,
iron man 2,
jonah hex,
red dawn,
alice in wonderland,
paul,
kick ass,
toy story 3,
from paris with love,
yogi bear,
black hole,
the book of eli,
gulliver's travels,
the expendables,
the crazies,
salt,
the last airbender,
eclipse,
priest,
the rum diary,
voyage of the dawn treader,
inception,
robin hood,
the losers,
a couple of dicks,
prisoners,
greenberg,
sorcerer's apprentice,
percy jackson,
shutter island,
karate kid,
unstoppable,
little fockers,
the mechanic,
predators,
wall street 2,
red,
hot tub time machine,
footloose,
how to train your dragon,
shrek forever after,
oobermind,
daybreakers,
the social network,
tron legacy,
the green zone,
the three stooges,
the conspirator,
youth in revolt,
date night,
tooth fairy,
friday the 13th 2,
knight and day,
macgruber,
piranha 3d,
grown ups,
the howling reborn,
death at a funeral,
sex and the city 2,
saw 3d
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
As always, this year's MTV Movie Awards was two things: eye-rolling because of its results and entertaining in its own right.We all know the awards themselves mean absolutely nothing in the grand scheme of things (they might as well call it "The Twilight Awards") but for the most part the show manages to be at least fun to watch (often that's more than can be said for the Oscars).In case you happened to miss the 2010 MTV Movie Awards don't worry, as Screen Rant has you covered. We have here all the results from the awards, as well as four new clips for some pretty huge movies that are going to screens this year: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1, The Twilight Saga: Eclipse, The Last Airbender and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.First here are all the 2010 winners (get ready to be shocked... not!):BEST MOVIEWINNER: The Twilight Saga: New MoonOTHER NOMINEES: Avatar; Alice in Wonderland; Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince; The HangoverBEST MALE PERFORMANCEWINNER: Robert Pattinson for The Twilight Saga: New MoonOTHER NOMINEES: Channing Tatum for Dear John; Daniel Radcliffe for Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince; Taylor Lautner for The Twilight Saga: New Moon; Zac Efron for 17 AgainBEST FEMALE PERFORMANCEWINNER: Kristen Stewart for The Twilight Saga: New MoonOTHER NOMINEES: Amanda Seyfried for Dear John; Emma Watson for Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince; Sandra Bullock for The Blind Side; Zoe Saldana for AvatarBEST COMEDIC PERFORMANCEWINNER: Zack Galifianakis for The HangoverOTHER NOMINEES: Ben Stiller for Night at the Museum 2; Ryan Reynolds for The Proposal; Bradley Cooper for The Hangover; Sandra Bullock for The ProposalBEST VILLAINWINNER: Tom Felton for Harry Potter and the Half-Blood PrinceOTHER NOMINEES: Christoph Waltz for Inglourious Basterds; Ken Jeong for The Hangover; Stephen Lang for Avatar; Helena Bonham Carter for Alice in WonderlandBEST BREAKOUT STARWINNER: Anna Kendrick for Up in the AirOTHER NOMINEES: Gabourey Sidibe for Precious; Chris Pine for Star Trek; Zack Galifianakis for The Hangover; Quinton Aaron for The Blind Side; Logan Lerman for Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning ThiefBEST KISSWINNER: Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson for The Twilight Saga: New MoonOTHER NOMINEES: Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds for The Proposal; Taylor Swift and Taylor Lautner for Valentine's Day; Kristen Stewart and Dakota Fanning for The Runaways; Zoe Saldana and Sam Worthington for AvatarBEST WTF MOMENTWINNER: Ken Jeong for The HangoverOTHER NOMINEES: Betty White for The Proposal; Isabel Lucas from Transformers 2; Megan Fox for Jennifer's Body; Bill Murray for ZombielandBEST FIGHTWINNER: Beyonce Knowles and Ali Larter for ObsessedOTHER NOMINEES: Logan Lerman and Jake Abel for Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief; Robert Downey Jr. and Mark Strong for Sherlock Holmes; Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds for X-Men Origins: Wolverine; Sam Worthington and Stephen Lang for AvatarBIGGEST BADASS STARWINNER: RainOTHER NOMINEES: Channing Tatum; Angelina Jolie, Chris Pine; Sam WorthingtonBEST SCARED-AS-S**T PERFORMANCEWINNER: Amanda Seyfried for Jennifer's BodyOTHER NOMINEES: Jessie Eisenberg for Zombieland; Katie Featherston for Paranormal Activity; Sharlto Copley for District 9, Alison Lohman for Drag Me to HellGLOBAL SUPERSTARWINNER: Robert PattinsonOTHER NOMINEES: Daniel Radcliffe, Johnny Depp, Kristen Stewart; Taylor LautnerMTV GENERATION AWARDWINNER: Sandra Bullock13 awards in total and Twilight gets five of them. You wouldn't see that at the Oscars, would you?...In all seriousness, although I don't mind The Twilight Saga as much as a lot of people, I still don't think any of the films should win these kinds of awards. I mean, Best Male Performance - where the hell was Jeff Bridges for Crazy Heart or Colin Firth for A Single Man? Two of the best performances of last year and they don't even get a nomination.A couple of things I think MTV got right was Anna Kendrick for Up in the Air and Zack Galifianakis for The Hangover - both stand-out performances from two great movies. Other awards like Best Scared-As-S**t and Best Kiss are  a joke.
Tags:
harry potter,
twilight,
up in the air,
the last airbender,
eclipse,
ninja assassin,
scott pilgram,
the hangover,
jennifer's body
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Today marks the day when the nominations for the 36th Annual Saturn Awards are given out. In case you're not familiar with them, they are given out by The Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films (they also include TV shows and stage productions) so as a reader of Screen Rant I believe they're right up your alley :) .The awards will be given out on June 24th, so we have over four months to speculate and choose the nominees we'd give the award to. The categories range from the usual Best Film (separated into Fantasy, Horror, Science Fiction etc) to Best DVD release and Best DVD Special Edition.Keeping in line with all of the rest of the major awards, films like Avatar, The Hurt Locker and Inglourious Basterds have snagged a high amount of noms, with a couple of fan-favorites like District 9 and Star Trek also being included.We have the full list of nominations for the Saturn Awards so what are you waiting for? Scroll down and find out what they are!Best Science Fiction FilmThe Book of Eli (Warner Bros)Knowing (Summit Entertainment)Moon (Sony Pictures Classics)Star Trek (Paramount)Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen (Paramount)X-Men Origins: Wolverine (20th Century Fox) Best Fantasy FilmAvatar (20th Century Fox)Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Warner Bros)The Lovely Bones (Paramount)The Time Traveler’s Wife (Warner Bros.)Watchmen (Warner Bros.)Where the Wild Things Are (Warner Bros.) Best Horror FilmThe Box (Warner Bros.)Drag Me to Hell (Universal)Frozen (Anchor Bay Films)The Last House on the Left (Rogue / Universal)The Twilight Saga: New Moon (Summit Entertainment)Zombieland (Sony) Best Action/Adventure/Thriller Film2012 (Sony)Brothers (Lionsgate)The Hurt Locker (Summit Entertainment)Inglourious Basterds (The Weinstein Co.)Law Abiding Citizen (Overture)The Messenger (Oscilloscope Pictures)Sherlock Holmes (Warner Bros.) Best ActorRobert Downey, Jr. (Sherlock Holmes) (Warner Bros.)Tobey Maguire (Brothers) (Lionsgate)Viggo Mortensen (The Road) (The Weinstein Co.)Sam Rockwell (Moon) (Sony Pictures Classics)Denzel Washington (The Book of Eli) (Warner Bros.)Sam Worthington (Avatar) (20th Century Fox) Best ActressCatherine Keener (Where the Wild Things Are) (Warner Bros.)Melanie Laurent (Inglourious Basterds) (The Weinstein Co.)Alison Lohman (Drag Me to Hell) (Universal)Natalie Portman (Brothers) (Lionsgate)Zoe Saldana (Avatar) (20th Century Fox)Charlize Theron (The Burning Plain) (Magnolia) Best Supporting ActorWoody Harrelson (Zombieland) (Sony)Stephen Lang (Avatar) (20th Century Fox)Frank Langella (The Box) (Warner Bros.)Jude Law (Sherlock Holmes) (Warner Bros.)Stanley Tucci (The Lovely Bones) (Paramount)Christoph Waltz (Inglourious Basterds) (The Weinstein Co.) Best Supporting ActressMalin Akerman (Watchmen) (Warner Bros.)Diane Kruger (Inglourious Basterds) (The Weinstein Co.)Rachel McAdams (Sherlock Holmes) (Warner Bros.)Lorna Raver (Drag Me to Hell) (Universal)Susan Sarandon (The Lovely Bones) (Paramount)Sigourney Weaver (Avatar) (20th Century Fox) Best Performance by a Younger ActorTaylor Lautner (The Twilight Saga: New Moon) (Summit Entertainment)Bailee Madison (Brothers) (Lionsgate)Brooklynn Proulx (The Time Traveler’s Wife) (Warner Bros.)Max Records (Where the Wild Things Are) (Warner Bros.)Saoirse Ronan (The Lovely Bones) (Paramount)Kodi Smit-McPhee (The Road) (The Weinstein Co.) Best DirectorJ.J. Abrams (Star Trek) (Paramount)Kathryn Bigelow (The Hurt Locker) (Summit Entertainment)Neill Blomkamp (District 9) (Sony)James Cameron (Avatar) (20th Century Fox)Guy Ritchie (Sherlock Holmes) (Warner Bros.)Zack Snyder (Watchmen) (Warner Bros.)Quentin Tarantino (Inglourious Basterds) (The Weinstein Co.) Best WritingNeill Blomkamp, Terri Tatchell (District 9) (Sony)James Cameron (Avatar) (20th Century Fox)Spike Jonze, Dave Eggers (Where the Wild Things Are) (Warner Bros.)Alex Kurtzman, Roberto Orci (Star Trek) (Paramount)Quentin Tarantino (Inglourious Basterds) (The Weinstein Co.)Alex Tse, David Hayter (Watchmen) (Warner Bros.) Best MusicBrian Eno (The Lovely Bones) (Paramount)Michael Giacchino (Up) (Walt Disney/Pixar)James Horner (Avatar) (20th Century Fox)Taro Iwashiro (Red Cliff) (Magnolia)Christopher Young (Drag Me To Hell) (Universal)Hans Zimmer (Sherlock Holmes) (Warner Bros.) Best CostumeColleen Atwood (Nine) (The Weinstein Co.)Jenny Beavan (Sherlock Holmes) (Warner Bros.)Anna Sheppard (Inglourious Basterds) (The Weinstein Co.)Jany Temime (Harry Potter & the Half-Blood Prince) (Warner Bros.)Michael Wilkinson (Watchmen) (Warner Bros.)Tim Yip (Red Cliff) (Magnolia) Best Make-UpBarney Burman, Minday Hall,Joel Harlow (Star Trek) (Paramount)Joe Dunckley, Sarah Rubano,Frances Richardson (District 9) (Sony)Sarah Monzani (The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus) (Sony Pictures Classics)Gregory Nicotero, Howard Berger (The Book of Eli) (Warner Bros.)Gregory Nicotero, Howard Berger (Drag Me to Hell) (Universal)Mike Smithson, John Rosengrant (Terminator: Salvation) (Warner Bros.) Best Production DesignRick Carter, Robert Stromberg (Avatar) (20th Century Fox)Scott Chambliss (Star Trek) (Paramount)Stuart Craig (Harry Potter & the Half-Blood Prince) (Warner Bros.)Sarah Greenwood (Sherlock Holmes) (Warner Bros.)Philip Ivey (District 9) (Sony)Alex McDowell (Watchmen) (Warner Bros.) Best Special EffectsTim Burke, John Richardson, Nicholas Aithadi, Tim Alexander - (Harry Potter & the Half-Blood Prince) (Warner Bros.)John DesJardin, Peter G. Travers, Joel Whist, Jessica Norman - (Watchmen) (Warner Bros.)Volker Engel, Marc Weingert, Mike Vezina - (2012) (Sony)Roger Guyett, Russell Earl, Paul Kavanagh, Burt Dalton - (Star Trek) (Paramount)Dan Kaufman, Peter Muyzers, Robert Habros, Matt Aitken - (District 9) (Sony)Joe Letteri, Stephen Rosenbaum, Richard Baneham, Andrew R. Jones - (Avatar) (20th Century Fox) Best International FilmDistrict 9 (Sony)The Imaginarium of Dr. Parnassus (Sony Pictures Classics)Lorna’s Silence (Sony Pictures Classics)Red Cliff (Magnolia)Taken (20th Century Fox)Thirst (Focus Features) Best Animated FilmDisney’s A Christmas Carol (Walt Disney Studios)Fantastic Mr. Fox (20th Century Fox)Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs (20th Century Fox)Monsters Vs. Aliens (Paramount/DreamWorks)The Princess and the Frog (Walt Disney Studios)Up (Walt Disney Studios/Pixar) Best Network TV SeriesChuck (NBC)Fringe (Fox)The Ghost Whisperer (CBS)Heroes (NBC)Lost (ABC)The Vampire Diaries (CW) Best Syndicated/Cable Television SeriesBreaking Bad (AMC)Battlestar Galactica (SyFy)The Closer (TNT)Dexter (Showtime)Leverage (TNT)True Blood (HBO) Best Television PresentationDoctor Who: The End of Time (BBC America)Alice (SyFy)The Prisoner (AMC)Torchwood: Children of Earth (BBC America)The Tudors (Showtime)V (ABC) Best Actor in TelevisionJosh Holloway (Lost) (ABC)Bryan Cranston (Breaking Bad) (AMC)Matthew Fox (Lost) (ABC)Michael C. Hall (Dexter) (Showtime)Zachary Levi (Chuck) (NBC)Stephen Moyer (True Blood) (HBO)David Tennant (Doctor Who: The End of Time) (BBC America) Best Actress on TelevisionAnna Gunn (Breaking Bad) (AMC)Jennifer Love Hewitt (The Ghost Whisperer) (CBS)Evangeline Lily (Lost) (ABC)Anna Paquin (True Blood) (HBO)Kyra Sedgwick (The Closer) (TNT)Anna Torv (Fringe) (Fox) Best Supporting Actor on TelevisionJeremy Davies (Lost) (ABC)Michael Emerson (Lost) (ABC)Aldis Hodge (Leverage) (TNT)Aaron Paul (Breaking Bad) (AMC)John Noble (Fringe) (Fox)Alexander Skarsgard (True Blood) (HBO) Best Supporting Actress in TelevisionMorena Baccarin (V) (ABC)Gina Bellman (Leverage) (TNT)Julie Benz (Dexter) (Showtime)Jennifer Carpenter (Dexter) (Showtime)Elizabeth Mitchell (Lost) (ABC)Hayden Panettiere (Heroes) (NBC) Best Guest Starring Role in TelevisionBernard Cribbins (Doctor Who: The End of Time) (BBC America)Raymond Cruz (Breaking Bad) (AMC)Michelle Forbes (True Blood) (HBO)John Lithgow (Dexter) (Showtime)Leonard Nimoy (Fringe) (ABC)Mark Pellegrino (Lost) (ABC) Best DVD ReleaseHouse of the Devil (Dark Sky/Magnet)Laid to Rest (Anchor Bay)Not Forgotten (Anchor Bay)Nothing But the Truth (Sony)Pontypool (MPI)Super Capers (Lionsgate)Surveillance (Magnolia) Best DVD Television ReleaseDoctor Who: Planet of the Dead (BBC America)Torchwood: Children of Earth (BBC America)Terminator: Sarah Connor Chronicles: The Complete Second Season (Warner)Primeval, Volume 2 (BBC America)Lost: The Complete Fifth Season (Buena Vista)Life on Mars: The Complete Series (Buena Vista) Best DVD Special EditionWatchmen: The Ultimate Cut (Warner)300 Complete Experience (Warner)Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (Blu-Ray) (Walt Disney)District 9 (Two-Disc Edition) (Sony)Terminator 2: Judgement Day: Skynet Edition (Lionsgate)X-Men Origins: Wolverine (Two Disc Special Edition) (Fox) Best CollectionColumbia Pictures Film Noir Classics, Volume 1 (Sony)The Hannibal Lector Anthology (MGM)Hellraiser Boxed Set (Anchor Bay)Icons of Sci-Fi: Toho Collection (Sony)Star Trek Original Motion Picture Collection (Paramount)The William Castle Collection (Sony) Similar to the Scream Awards, I really dig the Saturn Awards because of the types of films they celebrate. Often with awards like the Oscars and the Golden Globes, purely fun films that have every bit of merit as the serious ones get left out.Here's just some of my quick thoughts on who and what's been nominated: I'm glad to see so many nominations for my favorite show Lost, racking up nine in total (nice to see Josh Holloway finally get recognition for his acting). I'm delighted to see Sam Rockwell get recognition for his fantastic performance in Moon (I was really annoyed that he didn't get nominated for an Oscar).I'm a little (no, A LOT) suspect of The Book of Eli, Transformers 2 and Wolverine getting nominated for Best Fantasy Film (and District 9 didn't?!) and New Moon and The Box getting nominated in the Horror category (were either of those even horror movies?).Which Saturn nominations do you agree and disagree with? Which nominees are you hoping snag wins come this June?The Saturn Awards will be presented on June 24th, 2010.Source: Collider
Tags:
battlestar galactica,
lost,
star trek,
avatar,
heroes,
the lovely bones,
watchmen,
v,
drag me to hell,
harry potter,
2012,
true blood,
fringe,
sherlock holmes,
doctor who,
where the wild things are,
knowing,
zombieland,
new moon,
the book of eli,
up,
chuck,
the hurt locker,
inglourious basterds,
moon,
a christmas carol,
the imaginarium of doctor parnassus,
Fantastic Mr. Fox,
dexter,
the box,
law abiding citizen,
frozen,
the wolverine
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
We're now into awards season once more (time flies, doesn't it?), with the Emmys having come and gone already. Now we have the annual 2010 Scream Awards which celebrates the more fan-friendly type of movies and TV shows that the Oscars and the Emmys might not honor. And the great thing is YOU get to vote for the winners!Last year they honored such fan-favorites as Star Trek, Watchmen and Fringe with nominations, which I'm sure pleased many of you. Even if they still nominate some questionable movies, there's no doubting that for the most part, the Scream Awards are a lot more in line with the majority of the movie going audience who pay to see movies purely to be entertained.Even if the Scream Awards tend to honor the "right" movies however, this year's nominations still have their fair share of "WTF" picks. For you Twilight haters, sorry but the Saga is still in there (as are a few other peculiar nominations) and there are a few movies and shows in the wrong categories. But for the most part the list is pretty solid.So without further ado take a look at the complete list of the 2010 Scream Award nominations:THE ULTIMATE SCREAMAlice in WonderlandAvatarDistrict 9InceptionIron Man 2Kick-AssLostTrue BloodThe Twilight Saga: EclipseZombielandBEST SCIENCE FICTION MOVIEAvatarDistrict 9InceptionIron Man 2PredatorsThe RoadBEST FANTASY MOVIEAlice in WonderlandThe Imaginarium of Doctor ParnassusKick-AssToy Story 3The Twilight Saga: EclipseWhere the Wild Things AreBEST HORROR MOVIEThe CraziesA Nightmare on Elm StreetParanormal ActivityShutter IslandThirstZombielandBEST TV SHOWDexterDoctor WhoLostTrue BloodVBEST DIRECTORNeill Blomkamp - District 9Tim Burton - Alice in WonderlandJames Cameron - AvatarRoland Emmerich - 2012Christopher Nolan - InceptionMartin Scorsese - Shutter IslandBEST SCREAM-PLAYDistrict 9 - Neill Blomkamp and Terri TatchellInception - Christopher NolanKick-Ass - Matthew Vaughn and Jane GoldmanShutter Island - Laeta KalogridisToy Story 3 - Michael ArndtZombieland - Paul Wernick and Rhett ReeseBEST FANTASY ACTRESSCate Blanchett - Robin HoodLilly Cole - The Imaginarium of Doctor ParnassusChloë Grace Moretz - Kick-AssSaoirse Ronan - The Lovely BonesKristen Stewart - The Twilight Saga: EclipseMia Wasikowska - Alice in WonderlandBEST FANTASY ACTORNicolas Cage - Kick-AssJohnny Depp - Alice in WonderlandTom Hanks - Toy Story 3Aaron Johnson - Kick-AssTaylor Lautner - The Twilight Saga: EclipseRobert Pattinson - The Twilight Saga: EclipseBEST SCIENCE FICTION ACTRESSScarlett Johansson - Iron Man 2Mila Kunis - The Book of EliEvangeline Lilly - LostEllen Page - InceptionGwyneth Paltrow - Iron Man 2Zoe Saldana - AvatarBEST SCIENCE FICTION ACTORSharlto Copley - District 9Leonardo DiCaprio - InceptionRobert Downey Jr. - Iron Man 2Matthew Fox - LostJosh Holloway - LostDenzel Washington - The Book of EliBEST HORROR ACTRESSJulie Benz - DexterEmily Blunt - The WolfmanCharlotte Gainsbourg - AntichristMilla Jovovich - The Fourth KindAnna Paquin - True BloodEmma Stone - ZombielandBEST HORROR ACTORLeonardo DiCaprio - Shutter IslandMichael C. Hall - DexterWoody Harrelson - ZombielandStephen Moyer - True BloodTimothy Olyphant - The CraziesAlexander Skarsgård - True BloodBEST VILLAINJackie Earle Haley - A Nightmare on Elm StreetStephen Lang - AvatarDieter Laser - The Human Centipede (First Sequence)John Lithgow - DexterTerry O'Quinn - LostMickey Rourke - Iron Man 2BEST SUPERHERONicolas Cage - Kick-AssRobert Downey Jr. - Iron Man 2Aaron Johnson - Kick-AssChloe Grace Moretz - Kick-AssZachary Quinto - HeroesTom Welling - SmallvilleBEST SUPPORTING ACTORDon Cheadle - Iron Man 2Sir Ben Kingsley - Shutter IslandJoseph Gordon-Levitt - InceptionChristopher Mintz-Plasse - Kick-AssMark Ruffalo - Shutter IslandSam Trammell - True BloodBEST SUPPORTING ACTRESSAbigail Breslin - ZombielandJennifer Carpenter - DexterMarion Cotillard - InceptionAnne Hathaway - Alice in WonderlandYunjin Kim - LostSigourney Weaver - AvatarBEST BREAKOUT PERFORMANCE - FEMALEDeborah Ann Woll - True BloodGemma Arterton - Prince of Persia: The Sands of TimeMorena Baccarin - VLyndsy Fonseca - Kick-AssChloë Grace Moretz - Kick-AssMia Wasikowska - Alice in WonderlandBEST BREAKOUT PERFORMANCE - MALESharlto Copley - District 9Andrew Garfield - The Imaginarium of Doctor ParnassusTom Hardy - InceptionAaron Johnson - Kick-AssXavier Samuel - The Twilight Saga: EclipseKodi Smit-McPhee - The RoadBEST CAMEOBubo the Mechanical Owl - Clash of the TitansMichael Caine - InceptionRosario Dawson - Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning ThiefStan Lee - Iron Man 2Bill Murray - ZombielandBEST ENSEMBLEInceptionIron Man 2Kick-AssLostTrue BloodZombielandMOST MEMORABLE MUTILATION"The Needle Trap" - Saw VI"The Pound of Flesh Trap" - Saw VI"Scalped with hunting knife" - Inglourious Basterds"Surgically transformed" - The Human Centipede"Zombie shot in the mouth by flare gun" - Survival of the DeadFIGHT SCENE OF THE YEARAisha vs. Clay - The LosersAnti-Gravity Hotel Fight - InceptionHit-Girl vs. The Drug Dealers - Kick-AssFinal Battle: Iron Man and Rhodes vs. Vanko and the Drones - Iron Man 2Final Battle - AvatarPerseus vs. Medusa - Clash of the TitansHOLY S*** SCENE OF THE YEAR"Damon MaCready shoots little daughter Mindy in the chest" - Kick-Ass"The destruction of Los Angeles" - 2012"Dren Mates With Olive" - Splice"Freight train drives through city street" - Inception"Head twisted 180 degrees during sex" - True Blood"Paris street folds over onto itself" - Inception3-D TOP THREEAlice in WonderlandAvatarToy Story 3BEST F/X2012AvatarDistrict 9InceptionIron Man 2ZombielandBEST COMIC BOOK MOVIEIron Man 2Kick-AssThe LosersTo let your opinion count head on over to Spike to cast your votes!Why the actors from the Twilight movies keep getting recognized at award shows is beyond me. Sure, they do their brooding, sulking and at least one of them is going for the record for the most times they can take off their shirt but there are tons of other people that I can think of that should be nominated in acting categories instead of any of the Twilight cast... every single time. But, that's what fan voting is all about.I'll stop there and let you jump in with your thoughts and opinions - leave them in the comments below. And just as a reminder: make sure to head over to Spike to vote for your favorites movies and TV shows.The 2010 Scream Awards will air on Tuesday October 19th, 2010 at 9:00pm on Spike TV.Source: Spike
Tags:
smallville,
lost,
avatar,
heroes,
the lovely bones,
v,
splice,
clash of the titans,
the wolfman,
prince of persia,
twilight,
2012,
true blood,
iron man 2,
doctor who,
where the wild things are,
alice in wonderland,
the road,
kick ass,
zombieland,
toy story 3,
the book of eli,
the crazies,
eclipse,
inglourious basterds,
inception,
robin hood,
the losers,
percy jackson,
shutter island,
district 9,
predators,
the imaginarium of doctor parnassus,
dexter,
thirst,
saw vi,
survival of the dead,
Paranormal Activity,
the fourth kind,
a nightmare on elm street
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Summer 2010 should be a fantastic time for films fans.  Animation, action, suspense, comedy, thrillers and some films with combinations of the above genres means there is going to be something out there for everyone.New Screen Rant scribe Mike Eisenberg has a great talent for video editing as well as writing, and we’re fortunate enough to have him on our team to bring you videos like the one below. This weekend he took his skills and applied them to making The Ultimate 2010 Summer Movie Trailer by taking all of the most popular upcoming films and mashing them together to make one fantastically awesome movie trailer.But first, if you're curious about what this summer’s line up looks like then be sure to check out our 2010 Summer Movie Preview to see exactly when each tent pole movie hits theaters. Just about every film coming out this summer has a trailer to go with it, the notable exception of Jonah Hex.Now if this trailer doesn’t get you super-excited to watch a new movie every Friday this summer then you could quite possibly be dead inside and I feel sad for you. Watch and enjoy right here:httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Cc_KMPFxqEIf you have trouble naming each of the 24 movies included in our trailer mash-up, here's the list. Click on a film title to view the full trailer for each movie:Inception -- Iron Man 2 -- Robin Hood --Predators -- Scott Pilgrim vs. the World -- Salt -- Knight & Day --The A-Team -- MacGruber-- The Sorcerer’s Apprentice -- Killers – Splice -- The Other Guys -- The Karate Kid -- Shrek Forever After -- Toy Story 3 -- Despicable Me -- The Last Airbender -- The Expendables -- The Twilight Saga: Eclipse -- Dinner for Schmucks -- Get Him to the Greek -- Grown Ups -- Sex and the City 2Want a good idea of how long it took Mike to make this masterpiece of trailer goodness? Just to watch all 24 trailers without cutting and editing them will take you at least an hour, assuming of course that each trailer is two and half minutes long.This isn’t Mike’s first trailer mash-up he’s done for Screen Rant. A few weeks ago he took all of the Inception movie footage that has been released so far and made one long seamless trailer for the film. If you missed it before check it out now:Inception Extended TrailerCheck back often for more exclusive video work for Screen Rant done by Mike and be sure to watch for our San Diego Comic Con video coverage this coming July.
What did you think of our Ultimate 2010 Summer Movie Trailer - and would you like to see more videos like this from Screen Rant in the future? Which film are you looking forward to most this summer?
If you liked what you saw in the trailer, be sure to head over to our 2010 Summer Movie Preview for details on each film, along with release dates. Thanks for watching.
Follow me on Twitter @Walwus
Follow Mike on Twitter @Eisentower30
Follow Screen Rant on Twitter @ScreenRant


Tags:
splice,
the a-team,
iron man 2,
toy story 3,
the expendables,
the karate kid,
salt,
the last airbender,
eclipse,
inception,
robin hood,
sorcerer's apprentice,
get him to the greek,
predators,
shrek forever after,
the other guys,
knight and day,
macgruber,
grown ups,
despicable me,
dinner for schmucks,
scott pilgrim,
killers,
sex and



















Avengers: Endgame Trailer 2 Breakdown - 43 Story Reveals & Secrets You Missed




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Check back often for more exclusive video work for Screen Rant done by Mike and be sure to watch for our San Diego Comic Con video coverage this coming July.What did you think of our Ultimate 2010 Summer Movie Trailer - and would you like to see more videos like this from Screen Rant in the future? Which film are you looking forward to most this summer?If you liked what you saw in the trailer, be sure to head over to our 2010 Summer Movie Preview for details on each film, along with release dates. Thanks for watching.Follow me on Twitter @WalwusFollow Mike on Twitter @Eisentower30Follow Screen Rant on Twitter @ScreenRant
Tags:
splice,
the a-team,
iron man 2,
toy story 3,
the expendables,
the karate kid,
salt,
the last airbender,
eclipse,
inception,
robin hood,
sorcerer's apprentice,
get him to the greek,
predators,
shrek forever after,
the other guys,
knight and day,
macgruber,
grown ups,
despicable me,
dinner for schmucks,
scott pilgrim,
killers,
sex and
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Summer 2010 should be a fantastic time for films fans.  Animation, action, suspense, comedy, thrillers and some films with combinations of the above genres means there is going to be something out there for everyone.New Screen Rant scribe Mike Eisenberg has a great talent for video editing as well as writing, and we’re fortunate enough to have him on our team to bring you videos like the one below. This weekend he took his skills and applied them to making The Ultimate 2010 Summer Movie Trailer by taking all of the most popular upcoming films and mashing them together to make one fantastically awesome movie trailer.But first, if you're curious about what this summer’s line up looks like then be sure to check out our 2010 Summer Movie Preview to see exactly when each tent pole movie hits theaters. Just about every film coming out this summer has a trailer to go with it, the notable exception of Jonah Hex.Now if this trailer doesn’t get you super-excited to watch a new movie every Friday this summer then you could quite possibly be dead inside and I feel sad for you. Watch and enjoy right here:httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Cc_KMPFxqEIf you have trouble naming each of the 24 movies included in our trailer mash-up, here's the list. Click on a film title to view the full trailer for each movie:Inception -- Iron Man 2 -- Robin Hood --Predators -- Scott Pilgrim vs. the World -- Salt -- Knight & Day --The A-Team -- MacGruber-- The Sorcerer’s Apprentice -- Killers – Splice -- The Other Guys -- The Karate Kid -- Shrek Forever After -- Toy Story 3 -- Despicable Me -- The Last Airbender -- The Expendables -- The Twilight Saga: Eclipse -- Dinner for Schmucks -- Get Him to the Greek -- Grown Ups -- Sex and the City 2Want a good idea of how long it took Mike to make this masterpiece of trailer goodness? Just to watch all 24 trailers without cutting and editing them will take you at least an hour, assuming of course that each trailer is two and half minutes long.This isn’t Mike’s first trailer mash-up he’s done for Screen Rant. A few weeks ago he took all of the Inception movie footage that has been released so far and made one long seamless trailer for the film. If you missed it before check it out now:Inception Extended TrailerCheck back often for more exclusive video work for Screen Rant done by Mike and be sure to watch for our San Diego Comic Con video coverage this coming July.
What did you think of our Ultimate 2010 Summer Movie Trailer - and would you like to see more videos like this from Screen Rant in the future? Which film are you looking forward to most this summer?
If you liked what you saw in the trailer, be sure to head over to our 2010 Summer Movie Preview for details on each film, along with release dates. Thanks for watching.
Follow me on Twitter @Walwus
Follow Mike on Twitter @Eisentower30
Follow Screen Rant on Twitter @ScreenRant


Tags:
splice,
the a-team,
iron man 2,
toy story 3,
the expendables,
the karate kid,
salt,
the last airbender,
eclipse,
inception,
robin hood,
sorcerer's apprentice,
get him to the greek,
predators,
shrek forever after,
the other guys,
knight and day,
macgruber,
grown ups,
despicable me,
dinner for schmucks,
scott pilgrim,
killers,
sex and



















Students Remake Alien with Mind-Blowing High School Play




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Check back often for more exclusive video work for Screen Rant done by Mike and be sure to watch for our San Diego Comic Con video coverage this coming July.What did you think of our Ultimate 2010 Summer Movie Trailer - and would you like to see more videos like this from Screen Rant in the future? Which film are you looking forward to most this summer?If you liked what you saw in the trailer, be sure to head over to our 2010 Summer Movie Preview for details on each film, along with release dates. Thanks for watching.Follow me on Twitter @WalwusFollow Mike on Twitter @Eisentower30Follow Screen Rant on Twitter @ScreenRant
Tags:
splice,
the a-team,
iron man 2,
toy story 3,
the expendables,
the karate kid,
salt,
the last airbender,
eclipse,
inception,
robin hood,
sorcerer's apprentice,
get him to the greek,
predators,
shrek forever after,
the other guys,
knight and day,
macgruber,
grown ups,
despicable me,
dinner for schmucks,
scott pilgrim,
killers,
sex and
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
When Jane Lynch took the stage for The 63rd Emmy Awards after a chaotic opening number, one should have known that the night will be filled with some surprising winners being announced.After Modern Family practically swept the awards in comedy, with wins in all but two categories, it was on to reality/variety. Once again, The Daily Show with Jon Stewart took home the coveted awards in this category, but not without The Amazing Race and Saturday Night Live each picking up a single award.A turn to television’s drama series brought about three of the most deserved wins at this year’s awards, with Kyle Chandler winning Friday Night Lights, Margo Martindale winning for Justified and Peter Dinklage winning for Game of Thrones. Martin Scorsese also took home his first Emmy award for directing the Boardwalk Empire pilot. But since Scorsese working with a budget 10x the amount of his other nominees, there wasn’t really any competition.Proving that PBS should never be counted out, the network bested HBO in the miniseries/movie category and took home four awards, including Outstanding Miniseries & Movie, for the miniseries Downton Abbey.And, as usual, Mad Men took home award for Outstanding Drama Series. Though, without any other wins in the category, many were hoping that Friday Night Lights might take home the award for its final season.You can view all of winners below:Modern FamilyJim Parsons (The Big Bang Theory)Melissa McCarthy (Mike & Molly)Julie Bowen (Modern Family)Ty Burrell (Modern Family)Steven Levitan (Modern Family)Michael Allen Spiller (Modern Family)-The Amazing RaceThe Daily Show with Jon StewartThe Daily Show with Jon StewartDon Roy King (Saturday Night Live)-Mad MenKyle Chandler (Friday Night Lights)Julianna Margulies (The Good Wife)Peter Dinklage (Game of Thrones)Margo Martindale (Justified)Jason Katims (Friday Night Lights)Martin Scorsese (Boardwalk Empire)-Downton AbbeyBarry Pepper (The Kennedys)Kate Winslet (Mildred Pierce)Guy Pearce (Mildred Pierce)Maggie Smith (Downton Abbey)Julian Fellowes (Downton Abbey)Brian Percival (Downton Abbey)So there you are - the complete list. Did your favorite shows and actors win the prize - or do you feel there were some undeserved winners? Let us know!
Tags:
boardwalk empire,
friday night lights,
game of thrones,
mad men,
The Daily Show,
justified,
mike and molly,
modern family,
the kennedys,
the big bang theory,
emmys
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
It’s time to once again dust off your remote and make room on your DVR, because the 2011 fall television season is officially upon us. With over 20 new series making their way on to the air, figuring out what to watch may be a tad overwhelming.Luckily, we’ve sat through over 10 hours of premieres and have put together a comprehensive guide for all of the new shows, including their premiere days and, for those interested, a mini-review to let you know whether or not each series might be worth your time.This year, the general theme from the networks and their new show choices appears to be “stepping outside your core audience.” With each network premiering an assortment of series that wouldn’t typically fall within their expected demographics, it appears that each network is attempting expand their core audience by providing a range of genres with varying sensibilities.In a sense, ABC may be stepping outside of their comfort zone the least with Man Up!, Once Upon A Time and Pan Am, which are basically within their usual range. CBS is attempting to bring some younger viewers in with 2 Broke Girls and Person of Interest. NBC is once again overhauling a majority of its fall television line-up and believes that The Playboy Club, Whitney and Grimm might help them return to form.Last, Fox once again represents the most focused network with New Girl, Terra Nova and I Hate My Teenage Daughter. Fortunately (and unfortunately) the network has both the best and worst new show of the fall television series, so perhaps some of that focus may have been lost.In case the mini-reviews aren’t enough to help you decide whether or not you should watch a series, we’ve also included three indicators; green, yellow and red, that also represent our feelings on each show.Green – Watch it!Yellow – DVR it!Red – Skip it! (seriously)We'll cover the new shows from ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox. We start out with ABC directly below, but if you want to jump to the new offerings for a particular network, click on the links below:ABC | CBS | NBC | FOX - Charlie's Angels Premieres: Thursday, September 22 @8pmPlot: Everyone deserves a second chance -- even a thief, a street racer and a cop who got in a little too deep. After all, the three women who solve cases for their elusive boss, Charlie Townsend, are no saints. They're angels... Charlie's Angels. Set in Miami, this fun, glamorous, action-packed take on the 1970s smash hit series introduces us to three new angels, all fearless detectives, head-turning beauties and close friends. There's Abby (Rachael Taylor), a Park Avenue princess who became a world-class thief. Then there's Kate (Annie Ilonzeh), a Miami cop who fell from grace, losing both her career and her fiancé. Finally there's Gloria, a disgraced army lieutenant who has a way with explosives. When one of the angels' missions ends in Gloria's tragic death, Charlie persuades them to partner with Gloria's childhood friend, Eve (Minka Kelly), a street racer with a mysterious past. They may not know each other yet, but one thing's for sure -- Abby, Kate and Eve will always have each others' backs. "Charlie's Angels" stars Annie Ilonzeh (General Hospital) as Kate Prince, Minka Kelly (Parenthood, Friday Night Lights) as Eve, Rachael Taylor (Grey's Anatomy) as Abby Sampson and Ramon Rodriguez (The Wire, Daybreak) as Bosley.Mini Review:  The problem with remaking a television series from the 70s is that many of the core plot elements must remain the same (i.e. Charlie). While Charlie's Angels may have worked decades ago on TV, and years ago on film (I suppose), when it comes to the current state of television, audiences are expecting more than laughable storylines, poorly realized characters reciting terribly written dialogue, and Charlie on a speakerphone used to painfully progress the plot.Trailer:-Last Man Standing Premieres: Tuesday, October 11 @8pmPlot: Today it's a woman's world, and this man's man is on a mission to get men back to their rightful place in society. Tim Allen returns to ABC in this new comedy from Jack Burditt (30 Rock). Men may have built civilizations, invented the locomotive and created ESPN, but they're about to find out that it's not a man's world anymore. You can't get manlier than Mike Baxter. He's the marketing director for an iconic outdoor sporting goods store, he loves to have adventures while he's traveling for work and, of course, he drives a pick-up truck. While Mike is king of the hill at work, he's the odd man out in a home that is dominated by women -- namely his wife, Vanessa, and their three daughters, 22- year-old Kristin, 17-year-old Mandy and 14-year-old Eve. After being a stay-at-home mom for years, Vanessa recently returned to the workplace and was quickly promoted (much to the dismay of her primarily male co-workers). As a result of Vanessa's increased work load, Mike is pulled into more hands-on parenting than ever before. The show stars Tim Allen (Home Improvement) as Mike, Nancy Travis (So I Married an Axe Murderer, Three Men and a Baby) as Vanessa, Molly Ephraim as Mandy, Alexandra Krosney as Kristin, Kaitlyn Dever as Eve and Hector Elizondo (Chicago Hope) as Ed.Mini Review: After fond memories of Home Improvement, Tim Allen's return to television may not be everything you'd hope it to be. While Allen certainly shines in the pilot, one can easily tell that he's still a bit rusty in his return to the sitcom medium. That being said, there's still enough promise shown in the pilot that the series might take a turn for the better as it progress.Trailer: - Man Up! Premieres: Tuesday, October 18 @8:30pmPlot: Three modern men try to get in touch with their inner tough guys and redefine what it means to be a "real man" in this funny and relatable comedy. Will's grandfather fought in WWII. Will's father fought in Vietnam. Will plays Call of Duty on his PS3 and drinks non-dairy hazelnut creamer. So what happened to all the real men? They're still here -- they just smell like pomegranate body wash now. Meet Will (Mather Zickel). His evolved, sensitive nature is why his awesome wife, Theresa (Teri Polo), married him. But Will and his friends find themselves wondering -- in a world of Axe ads and manscaping -- what does it really mean to be a guy anymore? Will is more interested in finding the perfect gift for his son Nathan's (Jake Johnson) 13th birthday than in doing his job selling insurance; sensitive soul Craig (Christopher Moynihan) still pines for his college ex, Lisa; and Kenny (Dan Fogler) clamps down on his anger and asks himself, "What would Tobey Maguire do?," when his ex, Brenda (Amanda Detmer), starts seeing a guy (Henry Simmons) who is everything he's not and much better looking. After Craig crashes Lisa's wedding to try to win her back, they are all faced with an opportunity to Man Up and be like their forefathers. The show stars Christopher Moynihan as Craig, Mather Zickel (The Cape) as Will, Dan Fogler (Balls of Fury) as Kenny, Teri Polo (Meet the Fockers) as Theresa, Amanda Detmer (What About Brian) as Brenda and Henry Simmons (Shark) as Grant.Mini Review: Man Up! comes across as a mixture of Modern Family and last year's canceled Fox comedy Traffic Light - which is a good thing. With Dan Fogler serving as the ManUp!'s boisterous comic relief, there are more than enough laughs to be had in this 30-minute series. While the use of the show title as a thematic element is a bit heavy handed in the pilot, this is something that will most certainly be corrected in subsequent episodes.Trailer:-Once Upon a Time Premieres: Sunday, October 23 @8pmPlot: From the inventive minds of "Lost" executive producers Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis comes a bold new imagining of the world, where fairy tales and the modern-day are about to collide. And they all lived happily ever after - or so everyone was led to believe. Emma Swan knows how to take care of herself. She's a 28-year-old bail bonds collector who's been on her own ever since she was abandoned as a baby. But when the son she gave up years ago finds her, everything starts to change. Henry is now 10 years old and in desperate need of Emma's help. He believes that Emma actually comes from an alternate world and is Snow White and Prince Charming's missing daughter. According to his book of fairytales, they sent her away to protect her from the Evil Queen's curse, which trapped the fairytale world forever, frozen in time, and brought them into our modern world. Of course Emma doesn't believe a word, but when she brings Henry back to Storybrooke, she finds herself drawn to this unusual boy and his strange New England town. Concerned for Henry, she decides to stay for a while, but she soon suspects that Storybrooke is more than it seems. It's a place where magic has been forgotten, but is still powerfully close... where fairytale characters are alive, even though they don't remember who they once were. The epic battle for the future of all worlds is beginning, but for good to win, Emma will have to accept her destiny and fight like hell. "Once Upon a Time" stars Ginnifer Goodwin (Big Love) as Snow White/Sister Mary Margaret, Jennifer Morrison (House MD) as Emma Swan, Robert Carlyle (The Full Monty, Trainspotting, SGU Stargate Universe) as Rumplestiltskin/Mr. Gold, Lana Parrilla as Evil Queen/Regina, Jamie Dornan as Sheriff Graham, Jared Gilmore (Mad Men) as Henry, Josh Dallas as Prince Charming/John Doe and Raphael Sbarge as Jiminy Cricket/Archie.Mini Review: Wonderfully magical and completely captivating, Once Upon A Time brilliantly transitions beloved fairy tale characters into an earnest prime time television series that the entire family can watch and enjoy.Trailer:-Pan Am Premieres: Sunday, September 25 @10pmPlot: Passion, jealousy and espionage... They do it all - and they do it at 30,000 feet. The style of the 1960s, the energy and excitement of the Jet Age and a drama full of sexy entanglements deliciously mesh in this thrilling and highly-original new series. In this modern world, air travel represents the height of luxury and Pan Am is the biggest name in the business. The planes are glamorous, the pilots are rock stars and the stewardesses are the most desirable women in the world. Not only are these flyboys and girls young and good looking, but to represent Pan Am they also have to be educated, cultured and refined. They're trained to handle everything from in-air emergencies to unwanted advances - all without rumpling their pristine uniforms or mussing their hair. There's Dean (Jonah Lotan) - a cocky, charismatic and ambitious new pilot - the first of a new breed not trained in the war. On the sly against company policy, he's dating Bridget, a stunning beauty with a mysterious past. A rebellious bohemian, Maggie (Christina Ricci) turns into a buttoned up professional for work so she can see the world. Rounding out the crew are flirtatious Collette (Karine Vanasse), the adventurous Kate (Kelli Garner) and, finally, Laura (Margot Robbie) - Kate's beauty queen younger sister, a runaway bride, who recently fled a life of domestic boredom to take to the skies. "Pan Am" stars Christina Ricci (Penelope) as Maggie, Kelli Garner (Going the Distance) as Kate, Karine Vanasse (Polytechnique) as Colette, Margot Robbie (Neighbours) as Laura, Jonah Lotan (24) as Dean and Michael Mosley (Justified) as Ted.Mini Review: Like another period drama premiering this season (The Playboy Club), there's much more to Pan Am than what the description reveals. Unfourtunatly, the inclusion of numerous characters with a lack of overall focus prevents Pan Am from flying high. That being said, there are signs that the series may right itself as more episodes air.Trailer: -Revenge Premieres: Wednesday, September 21 @10pmPlot: Wealth, beauty and status define the people in this town, but one woman is willing to destroy everyone for the sake of revenge. Emily Thorne (Emily Van Camp) is new to the Hamptons. She's met some of her wealthy neighbors, has made a few new friends and seemingly blends into the town. But something is a little odd about a young girl living in a wealthy town all on her own, and the truth is that Emily isn't exactly new to the neighborhood. In fact, this was once her old neighborhood, until something bad happened that ruined her family and their reputation. Now Emily is back, and she's returned to right some of those wrongs in the best way she knows how - with a vengeance. "Revenge" stars Madeleine Stowe (We Were Soldiers, The Last of the Mohicans) as Victoria Grayson, Emily Van Camp (Brothers & Sisters, Everwood) as Emily Thorne, Gabriel Mann (The Bourne Identity) as Nolan Ross, Henry Czerny (Mission: Impossible, Clear and Present Danger) as Conrad Grayson, Ashley Madekwe (Secret Diary of a Call Girl) as Ashley Davenport, Nick Wechsler ("Roswell") as Jack Porter, Josh Bowman ("Prowl") as Daniel Grayson, Christa B. Allen (13 Going on 30) as Charlotte Grayson and Connor Paolo (Gossip Girl) as Declan Porter.Mini Review: While this modern-day take on "The Count of Monte Cristo" may appear to be a stereotypical teenage drama that would air on The CW, Revenge surprisingly presents an intriguing plot, mature storytelling, and a clearly defined direction of focus that will leave you wanting to see more.Trailer: -Suburgatory Premieres: Wednesday, September 28 @8:30pmPlot:  Single father George only wants the best for his 16-year-old daughter, Tessa. So when he finds a box of condoms on her nightstand, he moves them out of their apartment in New York City to a house in the suburbs. But all Tessa sees is the horror of over-manicured lawns and plastic Franken-moms. Being in the 'burbs can be hell, but it also may just bring Tessa and George closer than they've ever been. Tessa (Jane Levy) and George (Jeremy Sisto) have been on their own ever since Tessa's mom pulled a "Kramer vs. Kramer" before she was even potty trained. So far, George has done a pretty good job of raising Tessa without a maternal figure in their lives, but suddenly he's feeling a little out of his league. So it's goodbye New York City and hello suburbs. At first Tessa is horrified by the big-haired, fake-boobed mothers and their sugar-free Red Bull-chugging kids. But little by little she and her dad begin finding a way to survive on the clean streets of the 'burbs. Sure, the neighbors might smother you with love while their kids stare daggers at your back, but underneath all that plastic and caffeine, they're really not half bad. And they do make a tasty pot roast. The show stars Jeremy Sisto (Law & Order) as George Altman, Jane Levy (Shameless) as Tessa Altman, Carly Chaikin (The Last Song) as Dalia Royce, Allie Grant (Weeds) as Lisa, Alan Tudyk (V) as Noah Lerner and Cheryl Hines (Curb Your Enthusiasm) as Dallas Royce. Ana Gasteyer (Saturday Night Live) guest stars.Mini Review: Suburgatory is a painfully slow-paced series that attempts to squeeze laughter out of a setting that's not exactly all that humorous. While there are a few chuckles to be had, the time spent waiting to reach these brief moments of levity could be better spent watching something else.Trailer: 
Tags:
charlies angels,
Last Man Standing,
pan am,
i hate my teenage daughter,
grimm,
person of interest,
how to be a gentleman,
two broke girls,
revenge,
prime suspect,
once upon a time,
up all night,
the playboy club,
free agents,
man up,
suburgatory,
a gifted man,
unforgettable,
whitney,
new girl,
terra nova
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
For 68 years, the Hollywood Foreign Press Association has been celebrating their favorites in film and television with the Golden Globe Awards.Once again, the multifaceted and generally hilarious Ricky Gervais will be serving as host of tonight’s gala. While those in attendance will be filled with anticipation about whether or not they will take home the award in their chosen category, viewers at home will be anxiously waiting to see how far Gervais will push the comedic envelope with his monologue and numerous ad-libs throughout the night.With 25 separate categories having to fit within tonight’s given time slot, something tells me that Gervais will be moving things along at a swift pace – all while sipping from his iconic glass a beer that always remains not-so-hidden beneath his podium.-Gervais was scathingly blunt as usual - though over the course of the show his increasingly nervous demeanor suggested that he was either beginning to worry about all the bridges he was possibly burning, or he had received enough threats backstage to tone it down a bit. After all,  introducing Bruce Willis by calling him "Ashton Kutcher's dad" and cracking 'Famous gay Scientologist' jokes are a risky endeavor for any man in Hollywood hoping to keep breathing, am I right?Of course Gervais wasn't the only one to get on the podium and say something that had viewers arching their brows. We may forever be analyzing whether or not Robert De Niro's Cecil B. Demille Award acceptance speech was a bitter rant or a De Niro-brand version of light comedy. A pregnant Natalie Portman used her Best Actress acceptance speech to teach us all about the circle of life and crack jokes about just how evident it was that her (baby daddy?) would in fact sleep with her - even though his small Black Swan cameo involved him delivering a line to the contrary. Sure, why not. Oh, and Tilda Swinton gave, the, most, severe, enunciation, of, a, nominee, list, EVER.On the other hand, Katey Sagal and Seven Buscemi won Best Actor/Actress awards for Sons of Anarchy and Boardwalk Empire, respectively, giving this year's Globes those nice "long overdue" moments of validation you hope to see now and again. Trent Reznor also won a Golden Globe, meaning that millions of boys and girls who wore black makeup and shin-high black boots during the mid-90s are also now feeling validated.Just some of the high/low lights.Levity award of the night went to Michael Douglas, who took the podium for the first time since his bout with cancer and wittily claimed that there must be easier ways to inspire the standing ovation that greeted him.There were some mystery moments in the ceremony that are sure to keep the Interwebs spinning for the next day or so: The bleeped-out moments of what Christian Bale said to Robert De Niro during his Fighter Supporting Actor Award speech; what Paul Giamatti likes to drink that's so bad it's name had to be bleeped-out; or the particular Death Eater hex Helena Bonham Carter was putting on actress Melissa Leo during the latter's acceptance speech for her Supporting Actress award for The Fighter. Finally, like De Niro, we may always be left wondering if Al Pacino suddenly awoke from a deep sleep only to find himself onstage being handed an award for You Don't Know Jack. Because it certainly seemed that way.Oh, and The Social Network won Best Picture, of course. Is the top Oscar next? (Sorry Inception fans, your beloved Nolan film walked away empty-handed in the big awards categories. C'est la vie.)Below you'll find the list of 2011 Golden Globe Winners - did anybody get snubbed in your opinion?-Best Motion Picture – DramaThe Social NetworkBlack SwanThe FighterInceptionThe King’s SpeechBest Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – DramaColin Firth – The King’s SpeechJesse Eisenberg – The Social NetworkJames Franco – 127 HoursRyan Gosling – Blue ValentineMark Wahlberg – The FighterBest Motion Picture – Comedy Or MusicalThe Kids Are All RightAlice in WonderlandBurlesqueRedThe TouristBest Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – DramaNatalie Portman – Black SwanHalle Berry – Frankie and AliceNicole Kidman – Rabbit HoleJennifer Lawrence – Winter’s BoneMichelle Williams – Blue ValentineBest Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Comedy Or MusicalPaul Giamatti – Barney’s VersionJohnny Depp – Alice in WonderlandJohnny Depp – The TouristJake Gyllenhaal – Love & Other DrugsKevin Spacey – Casino JackBest Television Series – Comedy Or MusicalGlee (FOX)30 Rock (NBC)The Big Bang Theory (CBS)The Big C (Showtime)Modern Family (ABC)Nurse Jackie (SHOWTIME)Best Director – Motion PictureDavid Fincher – The Social NetworkDarren Aronofsky – Black SwanTom Hooper – The King’s SpeechChristopher Nolan – InceptionDavid O. Russell – The FighterCecil B. DeMille AwardRobert De NiroBest Performance by an Actress In A Supporting Role in a Motion PictureMelissa Leo – The FighterAmy Adams – The FighterHelena Bonham Carter – The King’s SpeechMila Kunis – Black SwanJacki Weaver – Animal KingdomBest Performance by an Actor In A Television Series – Comedy Or MusicalJim Parsons – The Big Bang Theory (CBS)Alec Baldwin – 30 Rock (NBC)Steve Carell – The Office (NBC)Thomas Jane – Hung (HBO)Matthew Morrison – Glee (FOX)Best Performance by an Actress In A Television Series – Comedy Or MusicalLaura Linney – The Big C (Showtime)Toni Collette – United States Of Tara (SHOWTIME)Edie Falco – Nurse Jackie (SHOWTIME)Tina Fey – 30 Rock (NBC)Lea Michele – Glee (FOX)Best Foreign Language FilmIn A Better World (Denmark)Biutiful (Mexico, Spain)The Concert (France)The Edge (Russia)I Am Love (Italy)Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for TelevisionJane Lynch – Glee (FOX)Hope Davis – The Special RelationshipKelly MacDonald – Boardwalk Empire (HBO)Julia Stiles – Dexter (SHOWTIME)Sofia Vergara – Modern Family (ABC)Best Screenplay – Motion PictureAaron Sorkin – The Social NetworkSimon Beaufoy, Danny Boyle – 127 HoursChristopher Nolan – InceptionStuart Blumberg, Lisa Cholodenko – The Kids Are All RightDavid Seidler – The King’s SpeechBest Performance by an Actress In A Mini-series or Motion Picture Made for TelevisionClaire Danes – Temple Grandin (HBO)Hayley Atwell – Pillars Of The Earth (STARZ)Judi Dench – Return To CranfordRomola Garai – EmmaJennifer Love Hewitt – The Client ListBest Performance by an Actor in a Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for TelevisionAl Pacino – You Don’t Know Jack (HBO)Idris Elba – LutherIan McShane – Pillars Of The Earth (STARZ)Dennis Quaid – The Special RelationshipEdgar Ramirez – Carlos (Sundance C)Best Animated Feature FilmToy Story 3Despicable MeHow To Train Your DragonThe IllusionistTangledBest Original Score – Motion PictureTrent Reznor and Atticus Ross – The Social NetworkAlexandre Desplat – The King’s SpeechDanny Elfman – Alice in WonderlandA. R. Rahman – 127 HoursHans Zimmer – InceptionBest Original Song – Motion Picture“You Haven’t Seen The Last Of Me” – Burlesque, Music & Lyrics By: Diane Warren“Bound To You” – Burlesque, Music By: Samuel DixonLyrics By: Christina Aguilera and Sia Furler, “Coming Home” – Country Strong, Music & Lyrics By: Bob DiPiero, Tom Douglas, Hillary Lindsey and Troy Verges,“I See The Light” – Tangled, Music By: Alan Menken,  Lyrics By: Glenn Slater“There’s A Place For Us” – The Chronicles Of Narnia: The Voyage Of The Dawn Treader, Music & Lyrics By: Hillary Lindsey, Carrie Underwood and David HodgesBest Television Series – DramaBoardwalk Empire (HBO)Dexter (SHOWTIME)The Good Wife (CBS)Mad Men (AMC)The Walking Dead (AMC)Best Performance by an Actor In A Television Series – DramaSteve Buscemi – Boardwalk Empire (HBO)Bryan Cranston – Breaking BadMichael C. Hall – Dexter (SHOWTIME)Jon Hamm – Mad Men (AMC)Hugh Laurie – House (FOX)Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for TelevisionChris Colfer – Glee (FOX)Scott Caan – Hawaii Five-OChris Noth – The Good Wife (CBS)Eric Stonestreet – Modern Family (ABC)David Strathairn – Temple Grandin (HBO)Best Performance by an Actor In A Supporting Role in a Motion PictureChristian Bale – The FighterMichael Douglas – Wall Street: Money Never SleepsAndrew Garfield – The Social NetworkJeremy Renner – The TownGeoffrey Rush – The King’s SpeechBest Mini-Series Or Motion Picture Made for TelevisionCarlos (Sundance C)The Pacific (HBO)Pillars Of The Earth (STARZ)Temple Grandin (HBO)You Don’t Know Jack (HBO)Best Performance by an Actress In A Television Series – DramaKatey Sagal – Sons Of AnarchyJulianna Margulies – The Good Wife (CBS)Elisabeth Moss – Mad Men (AMC)Piper Perabo – Covert AffairsKyra Sedgwick – The Closer (TNT)Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Comedy Or MusicalAnnette Bening – The Kids Are All RightAnne Hathaway – Love & Other DrugsAngelina Jolie – The TouristJulianne Moore – The Kids Are All RightEmma Stone – Easy A-Let us know what you thought of the 2011 Golden Globes and if any film, actor, actress, director, etc... got snubbed this year in your opinion. Was Ricky Gervais too mean as a host, or did you find his brand of ego-deflating humor spot on?
Tags:
the tourist,
alice in wonderland,
house,
sons of anarchy,
toy story 3,
golden globes,
boardwalk empire,
30 rock,
inception,
breaking bad,
the fighter,
wall street 2,
red,
dexter,
how to train your dragon,
love and other drugs,
black swan,
the closer,
the social network,
glee,
the walking dead,
mad men,
covert affairs,
127 hours,
easy a,
despicable me,
united states of tara,
nurse jackie,
tangled,
hawaii five-0,
modern family,
casino jack,
blue valentine,
the good wife,
the big bang theory,
burlesque,
the kids are all right
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
2011 is here and movie geeks are especially excited, as the year twenty-eleven promises some highly anticipated films of the sci-fi and superhero persuasion, as well as some animated sequels, promising awards season art house entries, and even a (strange? timely?) new sub-genre in the rom-com category: the sex buddy comedy.We take a look at the movies of 2011 (we lost count, but we've listed about 150 films!) that will be occupying our weekends at the theater this year. We'll also keep this post updated as release dates are shifted and new movies are added to the calender, so be sure to bookmark this post for future reference. And if you're looking for our list of what looks good to us this year, check out our Most Anticipated Movies of 2011.For your convenience, we've separated the 2011 movie releases into the the months of the year. Be sure to check back each month for the latest on the movies that will be at theaters near you. We'll keep things current with new images, casting news, release date shifts and late additions. January is listed on this page and you can click any one of the links below to jump to a specific month.January 2011 Movies (this page)February 2011 MoviesMarch 2011 MoviesApril 2011 MoviesMay 2011 MoviesJune 2011 MoviesJuly 2011 MoviesAugust 2011 MoviesSeptember 2011 MoviesOctober 2011 MoviesNovember 2011 MoviesDecember 2011 Movies2011 Movies Release Dates TBA-14th-century knights (Nic Cage, Ron Perlman) transport a suspected witch to a monastery, where monks deduce her powers could be the source of the Black Plague.-A drama centered on a rising country-music songwriter (Garrett Hedlund) who sparks with a fallen star (Gwyneth Paltrow). Together, they mount his ascent and her comeback, which leads to romantic complications involving her husband/manager (Tim McGraw) and a beauty queen-turned-singer (Leighton Meester).- Vincent Burton is the best science teacher at Liberty High School until he falls for his prize student Katie Anderson. When the relationship takes a scandalous turn, Vincent's loyal twin brother Oscar, fresh home from prison, decides to help Vincent avoid doing hard time and does anything he can to take care of anyone who has knowledge of the relationship. The local Sheriff starts hunting Oscar and the game of cat and mouse has the whole town involved.-By night, debonair newspaper publisher Britt Reid (Seth Rogen) fights crime as a masked superhero known as The Green Hornet. At his side is martial arts expert Kato (Jay Chou), who teams with The Hornet to bring down ruthless crime boss, Chudnofsky (Christoph Waltz).-A man discovers that his best friend's wife is having an affair. Ron Howard directs, Vince Vaughn, Jeniffer Connelly, Winona Ryder, Kevin James, Queen Latifah and Channing Tatum star.- Life for a happy couple (Nicole Kidman, Aaron Eckhart) is turned upside down after their young son dies in an accident. Based on a play by David Lindsay-Abaire.-The picaresque and touching story of the politically incorrect, fully lived life of the impulsive, irascible and fearlessly blunt Barney Panofsky (Paul Giamatti). Rosamund Pike, Minnie Driver, Scott Speedman and Dustin Hoffman co-star.-A subversive tale that interlaces five stories set in Los Angeles, where no taboo is left unexplored as each character careens toward a dark and often comic fate. Zoe Saldana, Dylan McDermott, Jamie Chung, Rosamund Pike, Nick Stahl, Paz Vega, Lake Bell and Shannon Doherty star.-Ong Bak 3 picks up where Ong Bak 2 left off. Tien (Tony Jaa) is captured and almost beaten to death before he is saved and brought back to the Kana Khone villagers. There he is taught meditation and how to deal with his Karma, but very soon his arch rival returns challenging Tien for a final duel.- A guy and girl (Ashton Kutcher, Natalie Portman) try to keep their relationship strictly physical, but it's not long before they learn that they want something more.-A fact-based story centered on soldiers who escaped from a Siberian gulag in 1940. Colin Farrell, Jim Sturgess, Ed Harris, Saoirse Ronan and Mark Strong star.-The story centers on a year in the life of three men (trying to survive a round of corporate downsizing at a major company) - and how it affects them, their families, and their communities. Ben Affleck, Chris Cooper, Tommy Lee Jones and Maria Bello star.-A Latina spin on Jane Austen's "Sense and Sensibility," where two spoiled sisters who have been left penniless after their father's sudden death are forced to move in with their estranged aunt in East Los Angeles.-An elite hit man (Jason Statham) teaches his trade to an apprentice (Ben Foster) who has a connection to one of his previous victims.-An American priest travels to Italy to study at an exorcism school and gets caught up in a case of suppossed demonic possession. Ciarán Hinds, Anthony Hopkins, Alice Braga, Toby Jones and Rutger Hauer star.-This is a story of a man in free fall. On the road to redemption, darkness lights his way. Connected with the afterlife, Uxbal (Javier Bardem) is a tragic hero and father of two who's sensing the danger of death. He struggles with a tainted reality and a fate that works against him in order to forgive, for love, and forever.-The sequel follows on Ip Man's migration to Hong Kong in 1949 as he attempts to propagate his discipline of Wing Chun martial arts.-A drama centered on a woman with Alzheimer's in search of new meaning through poetry.-Seth and Jonah are twins with a dangerous ability. Telekinesis. Things start to spiral out of their control as their classmates end up dying in twisted and bizarre ways. The police suspect them. But, jealousy begins to divide them and soon they can no longer trust each other. Leading up to a horrific battle between themselves.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
For 37 years, the People’s Choice Awards has been celebrating the fan favorites in film, television and music. In preparation for tonight’s awards ceremony, over 35 million votes were cast by the American public in hopes that their favorite film, television series, actor or musician will take home this coveted award.For the second year in a row, the multifaceted Queen Latifah will be serving as host of this fanatical gala. With over 43 separate categories having to fit within the given timeslot, something tells me that Queen Latifah is going to be forced to move things along at a swift pace in order to fit each category within the 2-hour time-limit.Fortunately, no matter what happens, Screen Rant will here with as many of our writers as possible to participate in a live chat of the People’s Choice Awards. Of course, what fun would a live chat be if it didn’t include our wonderful readers?That is why we are inviting everyone interested to come join our discussion @9pm EST, as CBS airs the 37th people’s Choice Awards.You can find a complete list of winners in Movies and TV at the 2011 People's Choice Awards:- Favorite Movie: "The Twilight Saga's Eclipse" Favorite Movie Actor: Johnny Depp Favorite Movie Actress: Kristen Stewart Favorite Action Movie: "Iron Man 2" Favorite Action Star: Jackie Chan Favorite Drama Movie: "The Twilight Saga's Eclipse" Favorite Family Movie: "Toy Story 3" Favorite Comedy Movie: "Grown Ups" Favorite Comedic Star: Adam Sandler Favorite On-Screen Team: "The Twilight Saga's Eclipse" - Robert Pattinson, Kristen Stewart & Taylor Lautner Favorite Movie Star Under 25: Zac Efron Favorite Horror Movie: "A Nightmare on Elm Street" FAVORITE TV DRAMA: "House M.D." FAVORITE TV DRAMA ACTOR: Hugh Laurie FAVORITE TV DRAMA ACTRESS: Lisa Edelstein FAVORITE TV COMEDY: "Glee" FAVORITE TV COMEDY ACTOR: Neil Patrick Harris FAVORITE TV COMEDY ACTRESS: Jane Lynch FAVORITE COMPETITION SHOW: "American Idol" FAVORITE TV CRIME DRAMA: "Lie to Me" FAVORITE TV CRIME FIGHTER: Tim Roth - "Lie to Me" FAVORITE SCI-FI/FANTASY SHOW: "Fringe" FAVORITE TALK SHOW HOST: Conan O'Brien FAVORITE TV OBSESSION: "Dexter" FAVORITE TV GUILTY PLEASURE: "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" FAVORITE TV GUEST STAR: Demi Lovato - "Grey's Anatomy" FAVORITE TV DOCTOR: Gregory House - Hugh Laurie FAVORITE TV FAMILY: The Simpsons - "The Simpsons" FAVORITE FAMILY TV MOVIE: "Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam" FAVORITE TV CHEF: Rachael Ray FAVORITE NEW TV COMEDY: "$#*! My Dad Says" FAVORITE NEW TV DRAMA: "Hawaii Five-0"
Tags:
american idol,
smallville,
grey's anatomy,
supernatural,
prince of persia,
twilight,
true blood,
iron man 2,
alice in wonderland,
kick ass,
house,
ncis,
toy story 3,
criminal minds,
the karate kid,
the crazies,
salt,
law and order:svu,
bones,
inception,
robin hood,
burn notice,
dexter,
how to train your dragon,
shrek forever after,
the defenders,
lie to me,
the vampire diaries,
let me in,
gossip girl,
resident evil 4,
the social network,
the mentalist,
glee,
date night,
grown ups,
sex and the city 2,
how i met your mother,
easy a,
no ordinary family,
the last exorcism,
despicable me,
community,
conan o'brien,
two and a half men,
a nightmare on elm street,
running wilde,
raising hope,
white collar,
the event,
better with you,
detroit 187,
blue bloods,
bleep my dad says,
hellcats,
nikita,
chase,
law and order:la,
outsourced,
hawaii five-0,
modern family,
the good wife,
mike & molly
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Ready your DVR and replace the batteries in your remote (and, no, switching them around doesn’t count), because it’s that time of year again - to say goodbye to many of your favorite television shows.While most, if not all, of your favorites shows will be returning this fall, there happens to be a select few series that are signing off for good - even if they're not yet aware of it. The most notable television show coming to an end this year is Smallville. After 10 years on the air, fans will finally see Clark Kent embrace his destiny and become Superman.Even though Smallville isn’t the only series coming to an end, it is one of the only shows to have officially scheduled its series finale. As many other series finales may come from so-called “bubble shows,” you may not be aware that you're watching the final episode of your favorite show until after the fact.With over 70 finales scheduled for next month, figuring out your television watching schedule for May is not going to be easy. Fortunately, we have attempted to take all of the hassle out of your television viewing, and provided you with a complete schedule for this year’s television season finales.May 18pm – America’s Next Great Restaurant (NBC) 9pm – Undercover Boss (CBS)May 410pm – Justified (FX)May 510pm – 30 Rock (NBC)May 69pm – Fringe (FOX)May 88pm – The Amazing Race (CBS)10pm – Brothers & Sisters (ABC)  10pm – CSI: Miami (CBS)May 118:30pm – Better With You (ABC)May 128pm – Community (NBC)8pm – The Vampire Diaries (The CW)9pm – CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (CBS)9pm – Nikita (The CW)10:30pm – Outsourced (NBC)May 138pm – Smallville (The CW) [SERIES FINALE]9pm – CSI: NY (CBS)10pm – Blue Bloods (CBS)May 158pm – Extreme Makeover: Home Edition (ABC)8pm – Survivor: Redemption Island (CBS)9pm – Desperate Housewives (ABC)9:30pm – The Cleveland Show (FOX)
May 168pm – 90210 (The CW)8pm – Chuck (NBC)8pm – How I Met Your Mother (CBS)8:30pm – Mad Love (CBS)9pm – Gossip Girl (The CW)9pm – Mike & Molly (CBS)10pm – Castle (ABC)10pm – Hawaii Five-0 (CBS)
 




















May 178pm – Jamie Oliver’s Food Revolution (ABC)8pm – NCIS (CBS)8pm – One Tree Hill (The CW)
9pm – Hellcats (The CW)9pm – NCIS: LA (CBS)9pm – Raising Hope (FOX)9:30pm - Traffic Light (FOX)10pm – The Good Wife (CBS)
May 188pm – America’s Next Top Model (The CW)9pm – Criminal Minds (CBS)9:30pm – Breaking In (FOX)10pm – Happy Endings (ABC)10pm – Law & Order: SVU (NBC)
 




















May 198pm – The Big Bang Theory (CBS)8pm – Wipeout (ABC)8:30pm - Rules of Engagement (CBS)9pm – Bones (FOX)9pm – Grey’s Anatomy (ABC)9pm – The Office (NBC)9pm – The Mentalist (CBS)10pm – Parks and Recreation (NBC)10pm – Private Practice (ABC)
May 208pm – Shark Tank (ABC)8pm – Kitchen Nightmares (FOX)8pm – Supernatural (The CW)
 














Supernatural - May 20 @8pm





May 2111:30pm – Saturday Night Live (NBC)
May 227pm – America’s Funniest Home Videos (ABC)7:30pm – American Dad (FOX)8pm – The Simpsons (FOX)8:30pm – Bob’s Burgers (FOX)9pm – Celebrity Apprentice (NBC)9pm – Family Guy (FOX)
May 238pm – Dancing With the Stars (ABC)8pm – House (FOX)9pm – The Chicago Code (FOX)9pm – The Event (NBC)
 














House - May 23 @8pm





May 248pm – American Idol (FOX)8pm – The Biggest Loser (NBC)9pm - Dancing With the Stars Results (ABC)  9pm - Glee (FOX)
May 258pm – American Idol Results (FOX)8pm – The Middle (ABC)9pm - Modern Family (ABC)9:30pm – Cougar Town (ABC)10pm – Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior (CBS)
-
Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasio
Source: Futon Critic


Tags:
american idol,
extreme home makeover,
smallville,
grey's anatomy,
supernatural,
fringe,
csi,
house,
ncis,
criminal minds,
law and order:svu,
chuck,
the office,
30 rock,
bones,
castle,
the vampire diaries,
csi: miami,
the mentalist,
glee,
family guy,
the simpsons,
how i met your mother,
community,
parks and recreation,
raising hope,
bob's burgers,
the event,
better with you,
blue bloods,
nikita,
outsourced,
hawaii five-0,
breaking in,
modern family,
criminal minds suspect behavior,
mike & molly,
the big bang theory,
the chicago code



















47% of Consumers Think There Are Too Many Streaming Services to Manage




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

May 158pm – Extreme Makeover: Home Edition (ABC)8pm – Survivor: Redemption Island (CBS)9pm – Desperate Housewives (ABC)9:30pm – The Cleveland Show (FOX)May 168pm – 90210 (The CW)8pm – Chuck (NBC)8pm – How I Met Your Mother (CBS)8:30pm – Mad Love (CBS)9pm – Gossip Girl (The CW)9pm – Mike & Molly (CBS)10pm – Castle (ABC)10pm – Hawaii Five-0 (CBS)May 178pm – Jamie Oliver’s Food Revolution (ABC)8pm – NCIS (CBS)8pm – One Tree Hill (The CW)
9pm – Hellcats (The CW)9pm – NCIS: LA (CBS)9pm – Raising Hope (FOX)9:30pm - Traffic Light (FOX)10pm – The Good Wife (CBS)
May 188pm – America’s Next Top Model (The CW)9pm – Criminal Minds (CBS)9:30pm – Breaking In (FOX)10pm – Happy Endings (ABC)10pm – Law & Order: SVU (NBC)
 




















May 198pm – The Big Bang Theory (CBS)8pm – Wipeout (ABC)8:30pm - Rules of Engagement (CBS)9pm – Bones (FOX)9pm – Grey’s Anatomy (ABC)9pm – The Office (NBC)9pm – The Mentalist (CBS)10pm – Parks and Recreation (NBC)10pm – Private Practice (ABC)
May 208pm – Shark Tank (ABC)8pm – Kitchen Nightmares (FOX)8pm – Supernatural (The CW)
 














Supernatural - May 20 @8pm





May 2111:30pm – Saturday Night Live (NBC)
May 227pm – America’s Funniest Home Videos (ABC)7:30pm – American Dad (FOX)8pm – The Simpsons (FOX)8:30pm – Bob’s Burgers (FOX)9pm – Celebrity Apprentice (NBC)9pm – Family Guy (FOX)
May 238pm – Dancing With the Stars (ABC)8pm – House (FOX)9pm – The Chicago Code (FOX)9pm – The Event (NBC)
 














House - May 23 @8pm





May 248pm – American Idol (FOX)8pm – The Biggest Loser (NBC)9pm - Dancing With the Stars Results (ABC)  9pm - Glee (FOX)
May 258pm – American Idol Results (FOX)8pm – The Middle (ABC)9pm - Modern Family (ABC)9:30pm – Cougar Town (ABC)10pm – Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior (CBS)
-
Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasio
Source: Futon Critic


Tags:
american idol,
extreme home makeover,
smallville,
grey's anatomy,
supernatural,
fringe,
csi,
house,
ncis,
criminal minds,
law and order:svu,
chuck,
the office,
30 rock,
bones,
castle,
the vampire diaries,
csi: miami,
the mentalist,
glee,
family guy,
the simpsons,
how i met your mother,
community,
parks and recreation,
raising hope,
bob's burgers,
the event,
better with you,
blue bloods,
nikita,
outsourced,
hawaii five-0,
breaking in,
modern family,
criminal minds suspect behavior,
mike & molly,
the big bang theory,
the chicago code



















47% of Consumers Think There Are Too Many Streaming Services to Manage




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

May 178pm – Jamie Oliver’s Food Revolution (ABC)8pm – NCIS (CBS)8pm – One Tree Hill (The CW)9pm – Hellcats (The CW)9pm – NCIS: LA (CBS)9pm – Raising Hope (FOX)9:30pm - Traffic Light (FOX)10pm – The Good Wife (CBS)May 188pm – America’s Next Top Model (The CW)9pm – Criminal Minds (CBS)9:30pm – Breaking In (FOX)10pm – Happy Endings (ABC)10pm – Law & Order: SVU (NBC)May 198pm – The Big Bang Theory (CBS)8pm – Wipeout (ABC)8:30pm - Rules of Engagement (CBS)9pm – Bones (FOX)9pm – Grey’s Anatomy (ABC)9pm – The Office (NBC)9pm – The Mentalist (CBS)10pm – Parks and Recreation (NBC)10pm – Private Practice (ABC)May 198pm – The Big Bang Theory (CBS)8pm – Wipeout (ABC)8:30pm - Rules of Engagement (CBS)9pm – Bones (FOX)9pm – Grey’s Anatomy (ABC)9pm – The Office (NBC)9pm – The Mentalist (CBS)10pm – Parks and Recreation (NBC)10pm – Private Practice (ABC)May 208pm – Shark Tank (ABC)8pm – Kitchen Nightmares (FOX)8pm – Supernatural (The CW)May 2111:30pm – Saturday Night Live (NBC)May 227pm – America’s Funniest Home Videos (ABC)7:30pm – American Dad (FOX)8pm – The Simpsons (FOX)8:30pm – Bob’s Burgers (FOX)9pm – Celebrity Apprentice (NBC)9pm – Family Guy (FOX)May 238pm – Dancing With the Stars (ABC)8pm – House (FOX)9pm – The Chicago Code (FOX)9pm – The Event (NBC)May 248pm – American Idol (FOX)8pm – The Biggest Loser (NBC)9pm - Dancing With the Stars Results (ABC)  9pm - Glee (FOX)May 258pm – American Idol Results (FOX)8pm – The Middle (ABC)9pm - Modern Family (ABC)9:30pm – Cougar Town (ABC)10pm – Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior (CBS)-Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasioSource: Futon Critic
Tags:
american idol,
extreme home makeover,
smallville,
grey's anatomy,
supernatural,
fringe,
csi,
house,
ncis,
criminal minds,
law and order:svu,
chuck,
the office,
30 rock,
bones,
castle,
the vampire diaries,
csi: miami,
the mentalist,
glee,
family guy,
the simpsons,
how i met your mother,
community,
parks and recreation,
raising hope,
bob's burgers,
the event,
better with you,
blue bloods,
nikita,
outsourced,
hawaii five-0,
breaking in,
modern family,
criminal minds suspect behavior,
mike & molly,
the big bang theory,
the chicago code
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Now that the three-month extended fall television season is finally over, it’s time to look back at the 28 shows that premiered and find out where they all stand.With news of renewals and cancelations tending to come all at once, finding out the status of your new favorite television shows can get a bit confusing. With only so many hours in the day available for watching TV, the last thing you’d want to happen is to “get into” a show, only to tune in and find out that it’s no longer on the air because it's been canceled since October.28 new television series premiered this fall. Of the new series, you’ll be happy to hear that 17 have already been renewed. Unfortunately, 5 have already been canceled, and 6 have yet to be decided. That being said, the majority of the “yet to be decided” series are on the verge of being canceled, though nothing official has been announced (yet).To help point your DVRs in the right direction in regards to the “yet to be decided” shows, we made sure to throw in our predictions of what’s going to happen, based on the information known - because, you know, we like to give you things to complain about in the comments ;-).ABCPremiered: Thursday, September 22 @8pmRatingsPremiere: 8.76 million viewersAverage: 6.24 million viewersLowest:  5.10 million viewersStatus:  On October 14th, Charlie's Angels was canceled after airing four episodes. Three additional episodes were aired, with a final episode never making it to air.-Premiered: Tuesday, October 11 @8pmRatingsPremiere: 13.19 million viewersAverage: 10.45 million viewersLowest:  9.06 million viewersStatus: On November 30, ABC picked up Last Man Standing for a full season order of twenty-two episodes.-Premieres: Tuesday, October 18 @8:30pmRatingsPremiere: 7.78 million viewersAverage: 6.61 million viewersLowest:  6.22 million viewersStatus:  While ABC isn't officially announcing Man Up!'s cancellation, production on the series has been stopped.Prediction: Expect a cancellation announcement soon.-Premiered: Sunday, October 23 @8pmRatingsPremiere: 12.93 million viewersAverage: 11.63 million viewersLowest:  10.69 million viewersStatus: On November 3rd, ABC picked up Once Upon a Time for full season order of 22 episodes.Premiered: Sunday, September 25 @10pmRatingsPremiere: 11.06 million viewersAverage: 6.62 million viewersLowest:  5.17 million viewersStatus:  Despite rumors of Pam Am being canceled, ABC is stating that the series is still in production, though no additional episodes have been ordered.Prediction:  With recent episodes circling the 5 million viewers-per-episode mark, Pan Am is slowly making its descent into cancelation. -Premiered: Wednesday, September 21 @10pmRatingsPremiere: 10.02 million viewersAverage: 8.30 million viewersLowest:  7.30 million viewersStatus: On October 13, ABC picked up Revenge for a full season order of 22 episodes. -Premiered: Wednesday, September 28 @8:30pmRatingsPremiere: 9.81 million viewersAverage: 9.02 million viewersLowest:  7.30 million viewersStatus: On October 13, ABC picked up Suburgatory for a full season order for 22 episodes. -...continue to CBS and The CW
Tags:
charlies angels,
Last Man Standing,
homeland,
boss,
pan am,
i hate my teenage daughter,
ringer,
grimm,
hart of dixie,
person of interest,
how to be a gentleman,
american horror story,
two broke girls,
revenge,
prime suspect,
once upon a time,
up all night,
h8r,
the secret circle,
the playboy club,
free agents,
man up,
suburgatory,
a gifted man,
unforgettable,
whitney,
new girl,
terra nova
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Columbia Pictures recently released two more clips from the upcoming disaster movie, 2012. These clips, while not as long as the five minute clip we previously posted, still have yet to show anything that makes me feel like this film will be anything more than a money-grab at the end of the world. (Which, I guess, would be the perfect time to do it).In the first clip we find a zombie-free Woody Harrelson playing “crazy” internet blogger Charlie Frost who knows everything there is to know about the end of the world and warns Jackson Curtis (John Cusack) that, in typical movie fashion, the destruction will start in Hollywood, California. (It’s movies like this that always make me feel better about living in Michigan. So far it looks like I’m surviving Independence Day and when Skynet becomes self-aware on Judgement Day).In the second clip we find the Curtis family in a cargo plane being flown my some “Russian” pilots who appear to be trying to mimic Peter Stormare’s wonderful Soviet cosmonaut shtick from Armageddon. The clip concludes with the family Curtis attempting to drive a Bentley out of the back of the plane with a plucky Russian as the comic-relief. (I bet it’s the first time that was written… Russian comic-relief).Still, if you’re in the belief that words can’t describe movie clips, check them out for yourself:I don’t know about you, but I’m a fan of disaster movies; if there’s a disaster, I’ll watch it - in movie form. For some reason, this film just doesn’t feel like my preferred disaster movies (The Poseidon Adventure, The Towering Inferno, Armageddon, The Core), but more of a parody. Scenes that are supposed to feel climatic – feel humorous. I know these are only clips, but even with the previous five minute clip or movie trailer, I could care less about what’s going on. I hope that this isn’t a trend that’s happening with Hollywood disaster films, as Nicolas Cage’s Knowing (released earlier this year) was also underwhelming with a horrible ending.So, if 2012 ends up being anything like Knowing, we can go into this movie knowing that aliens are behind it all. If that’s true, my only hope would be that someone early on takes some notes from M. Night Shyamalan’s Signs and “swings away.”…cause we all know that aliens hate water(???)2012 opens nationwide on November 13, 2009Source: Cinema Blend
Tags:
2012
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A relatively subdued Ricky Gervais took the stage as host of the 69th Annual Golden Globe Awards. In his second year as host, it appears that all of last year’s controversy surrounding Gervais' hosting must have impacted the funnyman, as all of his jabs appeared a little too nice compared to what was said last year.For much of the evening, Michael Hazanavicius’ black-and-white silent film homage, The Artist, swept the Golden Globes in the comedy category, coming out on top overall with three wins for Best Original Score, Best Actor and Best Picture. Over on the drama side, Alexander Payne's The Descendants took home the most awards in the drama category with a Best Actor win for George Clooney and Best Picture.Other notable wins in the film category were Meryl Streep as Best Actress (drama) for portrayal as Margaret Thatcher in The Iron Lady, Best Actress (comedy or musical) Michelle Williams for My Weekend With Marilyn and Octavia Spencer for Best Supporting Actress in The Help.In television, it was Showtime that came out on top, with three awards all stemming from brand new series. Matt Leblanc took home Best Actor (comedy or musical) for playing a fictionalized version of himself on the UK import Episodes, while Homeland not only brought home a Golden Globe for Claire Danes as Best Actress (drama), but it also gave Showtime its first ever award for Best Series.Other notable wins in the television category were Peter Dinklage in HBO’s Game of Thrones and Jessica Lange in FX’s American Horror Story.You can check out the complete list of winners from the 69th Annual Golden Globe Awards below (winner in each category highlighted among nominees):-BEST MOTION PICTURE – DRAMAThe Descendants (Fox Searchlight Pictures)The Help (DreamWorks Pictures)Hugo (Paramount Pictures)The Ides of March (Columbia Pictures)Moneyball (Columbia Pictures)War Horse (DreamWorks Pictures)BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A MOTION PICTURE – DRAMAGlenn Close - Albert NobbsViola Davis - The HelpRooney Mara - The Girl with the Dragon TattooMeryl Streep - The Iron LadyTilda Swinton - We Need to Talk About KevinBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A MOTION PICTURE – DRAMAGeorge Clooney - The DescendantsBrad Pitt - MoneyballRyan Gosling - The Ides of MarchMichael Fassbender - ShameLeonardo DiCaprio - J. EdgarBEST MOTION PICTURE – COMEDY OR MUSICAL50/50 (Summit Entertainment)The Artist (The Weinstein Company)Bridesmaids (Universal Pictures)Midnight in Paris (Sony Pictures Classics)My Week with Marilyn (The Weinstein Company)BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A MOTION PICTURE – COMEDY OR MUSICALJodie Foster - CarnageCharlize Theron - Young AdultKristen Wiig - BridesmaidsMichelle Williams - My Week with MarilynKate Winslet - CarnageBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A MOTION PICTURE – COMEDY OR MUSICALJean Dujardin - The ArtistBrendan Gleeson - The GuardJoseph Gordon-Levitt - 50/50Ryan Gosling - Crazy, Stupid, Love.Owen Wilson - Midnight in ParisBEST ANIMATED FEATURE FILMThe Adventures of TintinArthur ChristmasCars 2Puss In BootsRangoBEST FOREIGN LANGUAGE FILMThe Flowers of War (New Pictures Film Company)In the Land of Blood and Honey (FilmDistrict)The Kid with a Bike (Sundance Selects)A SeparationThe Skin I Live InBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN A MOTION PICTUREBerenice Bejo - The ArtistJessica Chastain - The HelpJanet McTeer - Albert NobbsOctavia Spencer - The HelpShailene Woodley - The DescendantsBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN A MOTION PICTUREKenneth Branagh - My Week with MarilynAlbert Brooks - DriveJonah Hill - MoneyballViggo Mortensen- A Dangerous MethodChristopher Plummer - BeginnersBEST DIRECTOR – MOTION PICTUREWoody Allen - Midnight in ParisGeorge Clooney - The Ides of MarchMichel Hazanavicius - The ArtistAlexander Payne - The DescendantsMartin Scorsese - HugoBEST SCREENPLAY – MOTION PICTUREWoody Allen - Midnight in ParisGeorge Clooney, Grant Heslov, Beau Willimon - The Ides of MarchMichel Hazanavicius - The ArtistAlexander Payne, Nat Faxon, Jim Rash - The DescendantsSteven Zaillian, Aaron Sorkin - MoneyballBEST ORIGINAL SCORE – MOTION PICTURELudovic Bource - The ArtistAbel Korzeniowski - W.E.Trent Reznor, Atticus Ross - The Girl with the Dragon TattooHoward Shore - HugoJohn Williams - War HorseBEST ORIGINAL SONG – MOTION PICTURE“Hello Hello,” Music by Elton John, Lyrics by Bernie Taupin - Gnomeo & Juliet“The Keeper,” Music & Lyrics by Chris Cornell - Machine Gun Preacher“Lay Your Head Down,” Music by Brian Byrne, Lyrics by Glenn Close - Albert Nobbs“The Living Proof,” Music by Mary J. Blige, Thomas Newman, Harvey Mason, Jr., Lyrics by Mary J. Blige, Harvey Mason, Jr., Damon Thomas - The Help“Masterpiece,” Music & Lyrics by Madonna, Julie Frost, Jimmy Harry - W.E.-BEST TELEVISION SERIES – DRAMA“American Horror Story” (FX)“Boardwalk Empire” (HBO)“Boss” (Starz)“Game of Thrones (HBO)“Homeland” (Showtime)BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A TELEVISION SERIES – DRAMAClaire Danes – “Homeland”Mireille Enos – “The Killing”Julianna Margulies – “The Good Wife”Madeleine Stowe – “Revenge”Callie Thorne – “Necessary Roughness”BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A TELEVISION SERIES – DRAMASteve Buscemi – “Boardwalk Empire”Bryan Cranston – “Breaking Bad”Kelsey Grammer – “Boss”Jeremy Irons – “The Borgias”Damien Lewis – “Homeland”BEST TELEVISION SERIES – COMEDY OR MUSICAL“Enlightened” (HBO)“Episodes” (Showtime)“Glee” (Fox)“Modern Family” (ABC)“New Girl” (Fox)BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A TELEVISION SERIES – COMEDY OR MUSICALLaura Dern – “Enlightened”Zooey Deschanel – “New Girl”Tina Fey – “30 Rock”Laura Linney – “The Big C”Amy Poehler – “Parks and Recreation”BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A TELEVISION SERIES – COMEDY OR MUSICALAlec Baldwin – “30 Rock”David Duchovny – “Californication”Johnny Galecki – “The Big Bang Theory”Thomas Jane – “Hung”Matt LeBlanc – “Episodes”BEST MINI-SERIES OR MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISION“Cinema Verite” (HBO)“Downton Abbey (Masterpiece)” (PBS)“The Hour” (BBC America)“Mildred Pierce” (HBO)“Too Big to Fail” (HBO)BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A MINI-SERIES OR MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISIONRomola Garai – “The Hour”Diane Lane – “Cinema Verite”Elizabeth McGovern – “Downton Abbey (Masterpiece)”Emily Watson – “Appropriate Adult”Kate Winslet – “Mildred Pierce”BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A MINI-SERIES OR MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISIONHugh Bonneville – “Downton Abbey (Masterpiece)”Idris Elba – “Luther”William Hurt – “Too Big to Fail”Bill Nighy – “Page Eight (Masterpiece)”Dominic West – “The Hour”BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN A SERIES, MINI-SERIES OR MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISIONJessica Lange – “American Horror Story”Kelly Macdonald – “Boardwalk Empire”Maggie Smith – “Downton Abbey (Masterpiece)”Sofia Vergara – “Modern Family”Evan Rachel Wood – “Mildred Pierce”BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN A SERIES, MINI-SERIES OR MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISIONPeter Dinklage – “Game of Thrones”Paul Giamatti – “Too Big to Fail”Guy Pearce – “Mildred Pierce”Tim Robbins – “Cinema Verite”Eric Stonestreet – “Modern Family”-
Tags:
tintin,
drive,
rango,
golden globes,
boardwalk empire,
30 rock,
game of thrones,
puss in boots,
moneyball,
cars 2,
war horse,
parks and recreation,
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo,
midnight in paris,
machine gun preacher,
young adult,
the killing,
homeland,
arthur christmas,
gnomeo and juliet,
The Ides of March,
boss,
J Edgar,
modern family,
the iron lady,
american horror story,
bridesmaids,
the help,
the artist,
the descendants,
carnage,
the skin i live in,
new girl,
my week with marilyn,
albert nobbs,
the flowers of war,
in the land of blood and honey,
shame,
We Need to Talk About Kevin
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Short Version: If you're looking for some wicked-cool visuals and destruction on a scale that even Emmerich has never put on screen before, then 2012 is for you. Plot and character development? Move along, nothing to see here.Screen Rant reviews 2012That picture right there? That's why you go see 2012. Heck, lately that's why you go see any Roland Emmerich film - destruction on a massive scale. The man has taken what Irwin Allen used to do and multiplied it by 100.2012 actually starts in 2009 - well first it starts out in space, showing us a few different shots of our solar system and the planets lining up all in a row, with the sun at the end of that line. When we get to good old Earth, we're in India where geologist Adrian Helmsley (Chiwetel Ejiofor, the assassin from Serenity) is meeting a fellow scientist at the Institute of Astrophysics. They go 11,000 feet down into a copper mine where it seems they figure they may as well do some scientific research as long as they're down there.Anyway, they have tracked a series of the biggest solar flares in history taking place over the last week, and it seems that they're putting out some different type of neutrino that instead of just passing through the earth is interacting with the core, causing it to heat up to temperatures far exceeding normal. At this point I'm thinking "OK, OK, that's not bad, I can buy that."Helmsley travels to Washington D.C. where he convinces high ranking Washington muckity-muck Carl Anheuser (a very rotund Oliver Platt) the importance of what he's found. We jump forward to 2010 where the president (Danny Glover - seriously) is addressing European heads of state about the impending end of the world. Another jump to 2011 where it becomes apparant that some sort of stealth operations are taking place to insure the safety of works of art, wealthy and powerful people and presumably other odds and ends.In the meantime we meet Jackson Curtis (John Cusack), a divorced dad and not very successful author who drives a limo for a living. While his young daughter still has eyes only for daddy, his slightly older son is a much bigger fan of mom's live-in boyfriend (kids live with mom and her boyfriend - nice move, mom). Taking the kids camping to Yellowstone, he runs into a cordoned off military area where significant changes are happening geologically. It's here we meet Woody Harrelson as a quasi-nutjob/free-spirit who seems to know what's going on and fills Jackson in, including the plans for the world's elite to escape the destruction in spaceships. Of course Cusack doesn't believe him and heads on his merry way.It doesn't take long however for a series of increasingly strong and frequent earthquakes (along with some other things) to convince Jackson that the crazy guy isn't crazy after all, and he grabs the ex-wife, kids and new boyfriend just in the nick of time in the scene we've all watched in trailers and TV commercials.From here on, all hell breaks out everywhere, and watching it all happen is the whole reason for going to see this movie.Jackson is determined to save his family, and his journey to find one of these "arks" grows more implausible with every passing scene. Thankfully director Emmerich spreads the destruction out throughout the entire film - so if you're concerned that you'll have already seen the best stuff in the trailer, fear not... that was just a taste. I found it interesting that they showed a number of landmarks being destroyed including the Vatican and the famous statue of Christ on a Brazil mountaintop - but although they showed the Kabaa in one scene he did not portray its destruction. I've heard that he didn't show it destroyed due to fear of retribution.Anyway, the destruction throughout the film was quite well done - I especially liked the scene at Yellowstone... VERY impressive. And of course the expanded version of the destruction of California was well done (and strangely satisfying... I kid, I kid). The arks were quite cool as well, although the MacGuffin that caused the "suspense" at the end was quite ridiculous.There's a a fair amount of ridiculousness in 2012, but really, what does one expect going into a film like this? In the end I enjoyed the visual effects and Chiwetel Ejiofor, who I think has a real screen presence about him. Woody Harrelson? Brief appearance but memorable. John Cusack seemed to me like a fish out of water here - like he just really didn't belong. Thandie Newton was little more than eye candy (although she was supposed to be more). Oh, and Danny Glover as the President of the United States? LOL funny - I think the poor guy left any acting ability he may have had down in Venezuela.Towards the end of the film it really fell apart as Emmerich tried to inject some emotion into the film. A big contributing factor was the cheesy music in the emotional scene - the whole thing felt like it was out of a made for TV movie. It might have actually worked better had he not tried to "make" us FEEL the emotion via the cliche'd music and maybe trusted the actors to make it happen. If only he could figure out a way to make a film that didn't require actual people (you know, other than the ones who need to die for the destruction to mean something).So if you're looking for much in the way of plot or character development, move along, nothing to see here. But if you're looking for some wicked-cool visuals and destruction on a scale that even Emmerich has never put on screen before, then 2012 may be the movie for you.
Tags:
2 star movies,
2012
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Probably THE spectacle movie of 2009 is going to end up being Roland Emmerich's latest big-budget disaster flick, 2012, which focuses on the Mayan prophecy that the world will end in December of the year 2012. The $200 million, special-effects laden, film stars the likes of John Cusack, Amanda Peet, Woody Harrelson, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Thandie Newton and Danny Glover, and is set to crash into theaters in a week's time.However, with a film of this size, you know the buck rarely stops at one. In this case, Emmerich is already looking ahead at making more out of his latest disaster tale. Recently news surfaced that there was a 2012 sequel spin-off  TV series in the works (yes, they're thinking about furthering this seemingly finite disaster story). But wait, how can there be a sequel, in any form, of 2012... isn't it supposed to be about the end of the world? That's what I thought, but apparently that's not exactly the case. Thanks to Cinemablend we have some info on what the spin-off show might take:[SPOILERS ahead]As was speculated by a lot of people, the series would be called 2013, and apparently it will focus on the aftermath of the cataclysmic events that swarmed the world in the film. Emmerich says, "it's not the bright happy future everyone was imagining [when the film ends].""At the end of the film, there is a band of survivors on giant rescue boats. The series follows those boats to Africa, where they land and find survivors of the massive tidal wave that struck the continent, and they're none too happy about having been left behind."[End of SPOILERS]As for what kind of tone the show would have, Emmerich made mention of both Lost and District 9,which, as Cinemablend points out, leads us to believe it will entail complex and very involved storylines, a huge cast and gritty realism. That all sounds great, but what I wanna' know is what kind of budget it will have? I mean, 2012 had a couple of hundred million to play with to make the effects look jaw-dropping (granted, we haven't seen the movie yet, but from the trailers that appears to be very much the case). However, that's just not feasible for an ongoing TV series, and since a lower budget (usually) means less impressive special effects, the TV series is inevitably going to pale in comparison to the movie.Would a TV budget maintain the spectacle of 2012?That's assuming that the TV series would follow suit in terms of spectacle being the focus. Just because the movie is about spectacle doesn't mean the TV series can't use that as a launching point to focus on other elements, such as characters and storytelling (something I think we can all admit isn't the strengths of Emmerich's films). I'm not saying it will, but there's always a possibility.
Of course, this is all talk at this point as 2012 has yet to open and prove itself a box office success. I have no doubt that it will make an absolute ton of money, considering the amazing visual effects it boasts, along with the fact that it's suited to audiences worldwide (it's the world that's in peril, not just America!). But all the same, Emmerich and Co. will need to hold off to see how it does at the box office before they go ahead with their plans for making anything more out of the property.
What do you think of a 2012 sequel spin-off TV series being planned? Are you surprised to find that there's more to the story beyond the movie? Since the TV show can't really have the same gargantuan budget, what do you think it would be like?
2012 opens in theaters on November 13th, 2009. Now word on when 2013 would hit the airwaves.
Sources: Cinemablend (thanks to SciFiWire)


Tags:
2012,
2013



















Mark Hamill Trolls Fans About Star Wars 9 Trailer On Set




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

That's assuming that the TV series would follow suit in terms of spectacle being the focus. Just because the movie is about spectacle doesn't mean the TV series can't use that as a launching point to focus on other elements, such as characters and storytelling (something I think we can all admit isn't the strengths of Emmerich's films). I'm not saying it will, but there's always a possibility.Of course, this is all talk at this point as 2012 has yet to open and prove itself a box office success. I have no doubt that it will make an absolute ton of money, considering the amazing visual effects it boasts, along with the fact that it's suited to audiences worldwide (it's the world that's in peril, not just America!). But all the same, Emmerich and Co. will need to hold off to see how it does at the box office before they go ahead with their plans for making anything more out of the property.What do you think of a 2012 sequel spin-off TV series being planned? Are you surprised to find that there's more to the story beyond the movie? Since the TV show can't really have the same gargantuan budget, what do you think it would be like?2012 opens in theaters on November 13th, 2009. Now word on when 2013 would hit the airwaves.Sources: Cinemablend (thanks to SciFiWire)
Tags:
2012,
2013
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Probably THE spectacle movie of 2009 is going to end up being Roland Emmerich's latest big-budget disaster flick, 2012, which focuses on the Mayan prophecy that the world will end in December of the year 2012. The $200 million, special-effects laden, film stars the likes of John Cusack, Amanda Peet, Woody Harrelson, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Thandie Newton and Danny Glover, and is set to crash into theaters in a week's time.However, with a film of this size, you know the buck rarely stops at one. In this case, Emmerich is already looking ahead at making more out of his latest disaster tale. Recently news surfaced that there was a 2012 sequel spin-off  TV series in the works (yes, they're thinking about furthering this seemingly finite disaster story). But wait, how can there be a sequel, in any form, of 2012... isn't it supposed to be about the end of the world? That's what I thought, but apparently that's not exactly the case. Thanks to Cinemablend we have some info on what the spin-off show might take:[SPOILERS ahead]As was speculated by a lot of people, the series would be called 2013, and apparently it will focus on the aftermath of the cataclysmic events that swarmed the world in the film. Emmerich says, "it's not the bright happy future everyone was imagining [when the film ends].""At the end of the film, there is a band of survivors on giant rescue boats. The series follows those boats to Africa, where they land and find survivors of the massive tidal wave that struck the continent, and they're none too happy about having been left behind."[End of SPOILERS]As for what kind of tone the show would have, Emmerich made mention of both Lost and District 9,which, as Cinemablend points out, leads us to believe it will entail complex and very involved storylines, a huge cast and gritty realism. That all sounds great, but what I wanna' know is what kind of budget it will have? I mean, 2012 had a couple of hundred million to play with to make the effects look jaw-dropping (granted, we haven't seen the movie yet, but from the trailers that appears to be very much the case). However, that's just not feasible for an ongoing TV series, and since a lower budget (usually) means less impressive special effects, the TV series is inevitably going to pale in comparison to the movie.Would a TV budget maintain the spectacle of 2012?That's assuming that the TV series would follow suit in terms of spectacle being the focus. Just because the movie is about spectacle doesn't mean the TV series can't use that as a launching point to focus on other elements, such as characters and storytelling (something I think we can all admit isn't the strengths of Emmerich's films). I'm not saying it will, but there's always a possibility.
Of course, this is all talk at this point as 2012 has yet to open and prove itself a box office success. I have no doubt that it will make an absolute ton of money, considering the amazing visual effects it boasts, along with the fact that it's suited to audiences worldwide (it's the world that's in peril, not just America!). But all the same, Emmerich and Co. will need to hold off to see how it does at the box office before they go ahead with their plans for making anything more out of the property.
What do you think of a 2012 sequel spin-off TV series being planned? Are you surprised to find that there's more to the story beyond the movie? Since the TV show can't really have the same gargantuan budget, what do you think it would be like?
2012 opens in theaters on November 13th, 2009. Now word on when 2013 would hit the airwaves.
Sources: Cinemablend (thanks to SciFiWire)


Tags:
2012,
2013



















Masters of the Universe: Noah Centineo In Talks To Star As He-Man




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

That's assuming that the TV series would follow suit in terms of spectacle being the focus. Just because the movie is about spectacle doesn't mean the TV series can't use that as a launching point to focus on other elements, such as characters and storytelling (something I think we can all admit isn't the strengths of Emmerich's films). I'm not saying it will, but there's always a possibility.Of course, this is all talk at this point as 2012 has yet to open and prove itself a box office success. I have no doubt that it will make an absolute ton of money, considering the amazing visual effects it boasts, along with the fact that it's suited to audiences worldwide (it's the world that's in peril, not just America!). But all the same, Emmerich and Co. will need to hold off to see how it does at the box office before they go ahead with their plans for making anything more out of the property.What do you think of a 2012 sequel spin-off TV series being planned? Are you surprised to find that there's more to the story beyond the movie? Since the TV show can't really have the same gargantuan budget, what do you think it would be like?2012 opens in theaters on November 13th, 2009. Now word on when 2013 would hit the airwaves.Sources: Cinemablend (thanks to SciFiWire)
Tags:
2012,
2013
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[powerpress]The Screen Rant editorial team is back with episode thirty-five of the Screen Rant Underground.Join host Ben Kendrick as well as fellow SR editors Rob Keyes, Anthony Ocasio, and Kofi Outlaw as we chat about Francis Lawrence directing Catching Fire, the Magic Mike trailer, and Bryan Fuller interested in a new Star Trek TV series, as well as offer our thoughts on some of this summer's biggest upcoming film releases.Screen Rant Underground is available in the iTunes Music Store (where you can subscribe as well as download individual episodes) but if you're not near your home computer, check out our thirty-fifth episode in the player below.Also, Screen Rant Underground is an EXPLICIT podcast. We don't go out of our way to say controversial things or use explicit language but it does happen - so use discretion when playing the podcast at work and around young, or sensitive, ears.-Screen Rant Underground: Episode 35 - 2012 Summer Movie PreviewIn episode 35 of the Screen Rant Underground podcast we chat about Francis Lawrence directing Catching Fire, the Magic Mike trailer, and Bryan Fuller interested in a new Star Trek TV series, as well as offer our thoughts on some of this summer's biggest upcoming film releases.[0:00] News: Francis Lawrence directing Catching Fire, the Magic Mike trailer, and Bryan Fuller interested in a new Star Trek TV series.[29:04] Rants and Raves: Contraband, We Bought A Zoo, The Legend of Kora, Supernatural, Marley, Idiocracy, Think Like a Man, Fringe.[1:02:35] Pre-Review Box Office Battle[1:19:53] Discussion: 2012 Summer Movie Preview (read our full write-up)[2:07:56] Mailbag, Twitter Handles, and Contact Information[2:09:25] Game Rant News Brief: Arkham City ‘Harley Quinn’s Revenge’ DLC, Canadian Video Game Award Winners, Police Warfare Kickstarter, Robert Bowling opening a game studio, Activision teasing new Call of Duty on May 1st, Crysis 3 gameplay trailer, and 5 Bond movies we’d like to see covered in 007 Legends.Hosts: Ben Kendrick, Rob Keyes, Anthony Ocasio, and Kofi Outlaw.-[powerpress]-Use the comment section below to continue our various discussions by weighing in with your own thoughts - or just to let us know what you think of the show. Also, don't forget to vote in our weekly Screen Rant Underground poll:-[poll id=301]-We release one episode a week and while host Ben Kendrick as well as Rob Keyes, Anthony Ocasio, and Kofi Outlaw are standard fare on the podcast, we've already lined-up a fun set of guests for future episodes.If you don't use iTunes you can still say up to date with new releases by bookmarking the Underground RSS feed - or keep an eye on the site for future Underground episode posts.-Follow 3/4 of the Screen Rant Underground team @benkendrick, @rob_keyes, and @anthonyocasio. Also, feel free to contact us with questions and other insights at underground@screenrant.com, by adding #SRUnderground to your tweets, or leave a message on the SR Underground voicemail line at (323) 522-5455.Music by Omarie B. WilliamsMake sure to check out ScreenRant.com and GameRant.com for entertainment news, reviews, and editorials.
Tags:
dark shadows,
men in black 3,
total recall,
battleship,
gi joe 2,
rock of ages,
neighborhood watch,
the avengers,
ted,
abraham lincoln vampire hunter,
premium rush,
brave,
the expendables 2,
the dark knight rises,
snow white and the huntsman,
piranha 3dd,
prometheus,
the amazing spider-man,
the bourne legacy,
paranorman,
Magic Mike,
7500,
the dictator,
the campaign
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Want to brighten your day? Then how about learning all the ways in which the world can - and might - end. Solar flares, tectonic shifts, collisions with "Planet X" - all the good stuff. On the bright side: you can sign up now to be selected as the leader of the post-apocalyptic world should you survive the great catastrophe that wipes out the rest of us in the year 2012.Ok, so maybe it's just a new viral website for Roland Emmerich's (Independence Day) hundredth upcoming global catastrophe flick, 2012, which plays off the ancient Mayan prophecy that we're all going get wiped out in three years time.And I for one say good riddance (kidding, kidding). The 2012 viral site is cleverly titled "The Institute for Human Continuity" (I.H.C.) and features the aforementioned disaster scenarios which you can watch in digital simulation - complete with a video game-style health bar at the bottom of the screen that drains away as humanity is wiped out of existence. Cheery.The destruction scenarios are easily the best feature of the site; once you get into all the faux happenings of the I.H.C., it gets pretty boring, pretty quickly. But the disaster scenarios are cool - they kind of creep me out with their psuedo-science that could conceivably turn out to be real. All I need is to wake up tomorrow and have solar flares to deal with on top of everything else...Oh, and if you visit the site, remember to register for the "Survival Lottery" now - if you one be one of the chosen few let into the bunker come Judgment Day.2012 occurs on November 13, 2009.Source: I.H.C. Official Site
Tags:
2012
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Tonight, Tina Fey and Amy Poehler kicked off this year's awards season with the 70th Annual Golden Globe Awards, taking over for previous host Ricky Gervais. In dresses and drag, the two comedic femme fatales accompanied viewers through an evening of a quirky speeches, quirkier re-speeches (Ben Affleck, Lena Dunham and Anne Hathaway) and a killer George Clooney one-liner ("I'd like to congratulate Ben Affleck on his win.").In the end, Homeland, Girls and Hatfields & McCoys brought home the awards for television, while in movies it was Brave, Amour, Argo and Les Miserables. And perhaps adding further credibility to critic's complaints of the Oscar nominations, Ben Affleck received the award for Best Director, besting the Academy's choices of which he wasn't.Didn't get a chance to check out the show? You can check out a complete list of all the winners below.Did your favorites win?BEST MOTION PICTURE – DRAMA*ARGOWarner Bros. Pictures, GK Films, Smokehouse Pictures; Warner Bros. PicturesDJANGO UNCHAINEDThe Weinstein Company, Columbia Pictures; The Weinstein Company/Sony Pictures ReleasingLIFE OF PIFox 2000 Pictures; Twentieth Century FoxLINCOLNDreamWorks Pictures, Twentieth Century Fox; Touchstone PicturesZERO DARK THIRTYColumbia Pictures and Annapurna Pictures; Sony Pictures ReleasingBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A MOTION PICTURE – DRAMA*DANIEL DAY-LEWIS, LINCOLNRICHARD GERE, ARBITRAGEJOHN HAWKES, THE SESSIONSJOAQUIN PHOENIX, THE MASTERDENZEL WASHINGTON, FLIGHTBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A MOTION PICTURE – DRAMA*JESSICA CHASTAIN, ZERO DARK THIRTYMARION COTILLARD, RUST AND BONEHELEN MIRREN, HITCHCOCKNAOMI WATTS, THE IMPOSSIBLERACHEL WEISZ, THE DEEP BLUE SEABEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN A MOTION PICTUREALAN ARKIN, ARGOLEONARDO DICAPRIO, DJANGO UNCHAINEDPHILIP SEYMOUR HOFFMAN, THE MASTERTOMMY LEE JONES, LINCOLN*CHRISTOPH WALTZ, DJANGO UNCHAINED BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN A MOTION PICTUREAMY ADAMS, THE MASTERSALLY FIELD, LINCOLN*ANNE HATHAWAY, LES MISERABLESHELEN HUNT, THE SESSIONSNICOLE KIDMAN, THE PAPERBOYBEST DIRECTOR – MOTION PICTURE*BEN AFFLECK, ARGOKATHRYN BIGELOW, ZERO DARK THIRTYANG LEE, LIFE OF PISTEVEN SPIELBERG, LINCOLNQUENTIN TARANTINO, DJANGO UNCHAINEDBEST MOTION PICTURE – COMEDY OR MUSICALTHE BEST EXOTIC MARIGOLD HOTELBlueprint Pictures/Participant Media; Fox Searchlight Pictures*LES MISERABLESUniversal Pictures, A Working Title Films/Cameron Mackintosh Productions; Universal PicturesMOONRISE KINGDOMIndian Paintbrush; Focus FeaturesSALMON FISHING IN THE YEMENCBS Films; CBS FilmsSILVER LININGS PLAYBOOKThe Weinstein Company; The Weinstein CompanyBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A MOTION PICTURE – COMEDY OR MUSICALJACK BLACK, BERNIEBRADLEY COOPER, SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK*HUGH JACKMAN, LES MISERABLESEWAN MCGREGOR, SALMON FISHING IN THE YEMENBILL MURRAY, HYDE PARK ON HUDSONBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A MOTION PICTURE – COMEDY OR MUSICALEMILY BLUNT, SALMON FISHING IN THE YEMENJUDI DENCH, THE BEST EXOTIC MARIGOLD HOTEL*JENNIFER LAWRENCE, SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOKMAGGIE SMITH, QUARTETMERYL STREEP, HOPE SPRINGSBEST ANIMATED FEATURE FILM*BRAVEWalt Disney Pictures, Pixar Animation Studios; Walt Disney PicturesFRANKENWEENIEWalt Disney Pictures; Walt Disney PicturesHOTEL TRANSYLVANIAColumbia Pictures / Sony Pictures Animation; Sony Pictures ReleasingRISE OF THE GUARDIANSDreamWorks Animation LLC; Paramount PicturesWRECK-IT RALPHWalt Disney Pictures, Walt Disney Animation Studios; Walt Disney PicturesBEST FOREIGN LANGUAGE FILM*AMOUR (AUSTRIA)Les Films Du Losange, X Filme Creative Pool, Wega Film; Sony Pictures ClassicsA ROYAL AFFAIR (DENMARK) (En kongelig affære)Zentropa Entertainment; Magnolia PicturesTHE INTOUCHABLES (FRANCE) (Les Intouchables)The Weinsten Company, Quad Productions, Gaumont, TF1 Films Production, Ten Films, Chaocorp; The Weinstein CompanyKON-TIKI (NORWAY/UK/DENMARK)Nordisk Film Production, Recorded Picture CompanyRUST AND BONE (FRANCE) (De rouille et d’os)Page 114, Why Not Productions; Sony Pictures ClassicsBEST ORIGINAL SCORE – MOTION PICTURE*MYCHAEL DANNA, LIFE OF PIALEXANDRE DESPLAT, ARGODARIO MARIANELLI, ANNA KARENINATOM TYKWER, CLOUD ATLASJOHNNY KLIMEK, REINHOLD HEILJOHN WILLIAMS, LINCOLNBEST ORIGINAL SONG – MOTION PICTUREFOR YOU, ACT OF VALORMusic by: Monty Powell, Keith Urban Lyrics by: Monty Powell, Keith UrbanNOT RUNNING ANYMORE, STAND UP GUYSMusic by: Jon Bon Jovi Lyrics by: Jon Bon JoviSAFE & SOUND, THE HUNGER GAMESMusic by: Taylor Swift, John Paul White, Joy Williams, T Bone Burnett Lyrics by: Taylor Swift, John Paul White, Joy Williams, T Bone Burnett*SKYFALL, SKYFALLMusic by: Adele, Paul Epworth Lyrics by: Adele, Paul EpworthSUDDENLY, LES MISERABLESMusic by: Claude-Michel Schonberg Lyrics by: Alain Boublil, Claude-Michel SchonbergBEST SCREENPLAY – MOTION PICTUREMARK BOAL, ZERO DARK THIRTYTONY KUSHNER, LINCOLNDAVID O. RUSSELL, SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK*QUENTIN TARANTINO, DJANGO UNCHAINEDCHRIS TERRIO, ARGOBEST TELEVISION SERIES – DRAMABREAKING BAD, AMCSony Pictures TelevisionBOARDWALK EMPIRE, HBOLeverage, Closest to the Hole Productions, Sikelia Productions and Cold Front Productions in association with HBO EntertainmentDOWNTON ABBEY: SEASON 2, PBSA Carnival / Masterpiece Co-Production*HOMELAND, SHOWTIMESHOWTIME, Teakwood Lane Productions, Cherry Pie Productions, Keshet, Fox 21THE NEWSROOM, HBOHBO EntertainmentBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A TELEVISION SERIES – DRAMASTEVE BUSCEMI, BOARDWALK EMPIREBRYAN CRANSTON, BREAKING BADJEFF DANIELS, THE NEWSROOMJON HAMM, MAD MEN*DAMIAN LEWIS, HOMELANDBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A TELEVISION SERIES – DRAMACONNIE BRITTON, NASHVILLEGLENN CLOSE, DAMAGES*CLAIRE DANES, HOMELANDMICHELLE DOCKERY, DOWNTON ABBEY: SEASON 2JULIANNA MARGULIES, THE GOOD WIFEBEST TELEVISION SERIES – COMEDY OR MUSICALTHE BIG BANG THEORY, CBSChuck Lorre Productions, Inc. in association with Warner Bros. TelevisionEPISODES, SHOWTIMESHOWTIME, Hat Trick Productions, Crane Klarik Productions*GIRLS, HBOApatow Productions and I am Jenni Konner Productions in association with HBO EntertainmentMODERN FAMILY, ABCLevitan-Lloyd Productions in association with Twentieth Century Fox TelevisionSMASH, NBCUniversal Television in association with DreamWorks TelevisionBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A TELEVISION SERIES – COMEDY OR MUSICALALEC BALDWIN, 30 ROCK*DON CHEADLE, HOUSE OF LIESLOUIS C.K., LOUIEMATT LEBLANC, EPISODESJIM PARSONS, THE BIG BANG THEORYBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A TELEVISION SERIES –COMEDY OR MUSICALZOOEY DESCHANEL, NEW GIRLJULIA LOUIS-DREYFUS, VEEP*LENA DUNHAM, GIRLSTINA FEY, 30 ROCKAMY POEHLER, PARKS AND RECREATIONBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A MINI-SERIES OR MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISION*KEVIN COSTNER, HATFIELDS & MCCOYSBENEDICT CUMBERBATCH, SHERLOCK (MASTERPIECE)WOODY HARRELSON, GAME CHANGETOBY JONES, THE GIRLCLIVE OWEN, HEMINGWAY & GELLHORNBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN A SERIES, MINI-SERIES OR MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISIONMAX GREENFIELD, NEW GIRL*ED HARRIS, GAME CHANGEDANNY HUSTON, MAGIC CITYMANDY PATINKIN, HOMELANDERIC STONESTREET, MODERN FAMILYBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A SUPPORTING ROLE IN A SERIES, MINI-SERIES OR MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISIONHAYDEN PANETTIERE, NASHVILLEARCHIE PANJABI, THE GOOD WIFESARAH PAULSON, GAME CHANGE*MAGGIE SMITH, DOWNTON ABBEY: SEASON 2SOFIA VERGARA, MODERN FAMILYBEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTRESS IN A MINI-SERIES OR MOTION PICTURE MADE FOR TELEVISIONNICOLE KIDMAN, HEMINGWAY & GELLHORNJESSICA LANGE, AMERICAN HORROR STORY: ASYLUMSIENNA MILLER, THE GIRL*JULIANNE MOORE, GAME CHANGESIGOURNEY WEAVER, POLITICAL ANIMALS
Tags:
golden globes
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Budget: $50 MillionDomestic: $58M - Foreign: $170M - Worldwide: $226MRatings: IMDb: 6.1 - RT: 54% - SR: 2 StarsEverything about Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters should have been  a failure - a January release, over-stylized hyper-violence, making a fairy tale more "adult" - but oddly enough, it turned out to be a lot of fun to watch.The movie isn't without its flaws - which explains its average review scores - and it barely managed to clear its production budget domestically. But if it weren't for the saving grace of the foreign box office, there most likely wouldn't be a sequel in the works.
Tags:
the lone ranger,
oldboy,
world war z,
gi joe 2,
hansel and gretel witch hunters,
pacific rim,
the hangover 3,
movie 43,
Oz: The Great and Powerful,
man of steel
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Over the course of the next eight weeks, season finales, summer premieres, and the announcement of the new 2013-2014 fall line-up awaits eager television fans. But with everything occurring around the same time, it can quickly become a challenge to figure out when all the fall shows will come to an end for the summer (or forever). Fortunately, we’ve got a handy season finale guide to help you out!Instead of having to blindly rely on your not-always-reliable DVR, we’ve broken the season finales up into 4 parts, so you’ll be able to easily find the end dates of your favorite shows. And now that most networks make episodes available on their website or through Hulu, we’ve also made sure to indicate which shows will not be available to watch online after they air – so keep that in mind as you plan your viewing.Like the title suggests, these two weeks are merely a taste of what’s to come. With Bones, The Following, Parks and Recreation, The Mentalist, Community and Person of Interest taking top spots in this group of finales, you’ll be able to easily pick and choose which finales to watch – and because all but two will be available online the day after they air, you can also decide when you’ll watch them.*Designates shows not available online the day after airingMONDAY, APRIL 298PM – Bones (FOX)9PM - The Following (FOX)THURSDAY, MAY 28PM - Wife Swap (ABC)9:30PM - Parks and Recreation (NBC)FRIDAY, MAY 38PM - Happy Endings (ABC)SATURDAY, MAY 49PM – COPS (FOX)SUNDAY, MAY 58PM - The Amazing Race (CBS)10PM - The Mentalist (CBS)10PM - Red Widow (ABC)Community season 5 finale airs Thursday, May 9 @8pm on NBCTUESDAY, MAY 78PM - Hart of Dixie (CW)Splash (NBC) THURSDAY, MAY 98PM - Community (NBC)Two and a Half Men (CBS)*9PM – Glee (FOX)Person of Interest (CBS)*FRIDAY, MAY 108PM - Fashion Star (NBC)Kitchen Nightmares (FOX)Touch (FOX)Undercover Boss (CBS)9PM - Vegas (CBS)10PM - Blue Bloods (CBS)-It’s on! These next two weeks are where it can really become a challenge to watch everything you’d like on television. With almost 50 season premieres airing within this timeframe, you’ll have to keep a close eye on the listed dates and times, making sure nothing overlaps. Luckily, if you do happen to find yourself stuck with too many finales to watch at the same time, you’ll be happy to know that all but 3 of these TV shows make their episodes available the next day.SUNDAY, MAY 128PM - Once Upon a Time (ABC)Survivor: Caramoan (CBS)8:30PM - Bob’s Burgers (FOX)9PM - Revenge (ABC)9:30PM - American Dad (FOX)MONDAY, MAY 138PM - How I Met Your Mother (CBS)90210 (CW)9PM - 2 Broke Girls (CBS)*10PM - Castle (ABC) TUESDAY, MAY 148PM - NCIS (CBS)9PM - NCIS: Los Angeles (CBS)New Girl (FOX)9:30PM - The Mindy Project (FOX)10PM - Golden Boy (CBS)* WEDNESDAY, MAY 158PM - American Idol (FOX)Arrow (CW)9PM - Supernatural (CW)10PM - Chicago Fire (NBC)CSI (CBS) The OfficeTHURSDAY, MAY 168PM - American Idol (FOX)The Big Bang Theory (CBS)The Vampire Diaries (CW)9PM - Beauty and the Beast (CW)Elementary (CBS)Grey’s Anatomy (ABC)The Office (NBC)10PM - Scandal (ABC)FRIDAY, MAY 178PM – Nikita (CW)Shark Tank (ABC)Undercover Boss: Epic Bosses (CBS)SATURDAY, MAY 1811:30PM - Saturday Night Live (NBC)... Continue for the rest of the 2013 TV season finale dates.
Tags:
grey's anatomy,
supernatural,
csi,
ncis,
criminal minds,
survivor,
the office,
bones,
castle,
the vampire diaries,
gossip girl,
the mentalist,
glee,
hawaii five-o,
how i met your mother,
community,
parks and recreation,
two and a half men,
Last Man Standing,
nikita,
modern family,
mike & molly,
the big bang theory,
grimm,
person of interest,
two broke girls,
revenge,
once upon a time,
the secret circle,
suburgatory,
new girl,
revolution,
hannibal,
bates motel
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Summertime TV is now behind us and, as always, the networks will tout their newest series in hopes of securing this season’s new breakout hit, and perhaps a potential Emmy winner. Of course, before that occurs, television’s new additions will have to compete against the many returning fan favorites which fans are eagerly waiting to see again.Fortunately, this year’s premiere schedule begins with a slow burn from FX, FXX and HBO before the final two weeks of September, which will prove to test even the most adept television viewers.If you happen to make it through to October, however, two additional weeks of condensed premieres will help make sure that you’re more than ready enough for the many on-the-fly series cancelations - which thankfully always occur.You can check out a complete list of dates below:The League and Boardwalk Empire both slipped in to the fall TV schedule early, side-stepping what will quickly become a chaotic month of television premieres, returns and, as always, cancelations.Early-on, the final season of Sons of Anarchy which help pull you back in to your familiar viewing schedule before the final two weeks of the month test your affinity for all things television, which includes Gotham, The Blacklist, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., as well as 43 other new and returning series, before the month is over.-Tuesday, September 9Adam Devine’s House Party (Comedy Central)Sons of Anarchy (FX) [Final Season]Thursday, September 11Haven (Syfy)Friday, September 12Z Nation (Syfy) [Series Premiere]-(Red Band Society premieres Wednesday, September 17 on Fox)-Tuesday, September 16Brickleberry (Comedy Central)The Mindy Project (Fox)New Girl (Fox)Wedesday, September 17The Mysteries of Laura (NBC) [Series Premiere]Red Band Society (Fox) [Series Premiere]Sunday, September 21The Good Wife (CBS)Madam Secretary (CBS) [Series Premiere]Monday, September 22The Big Bang Theory (CBS)The Blacklist (NBC)Forever (ABC) [Series Premiere]Gotham (FOX) [Series Premiere]Scorpion (CBS) [Series Premiere]Sleepy Hollow (FOX)-(Gotham premieres Monday, September 22 on Fox)-Tuesday, September 23Agents of SHIELDAwkward (MTV)Chicago Fire (NBC)NCIS (CBS)NCIS: New Orleans (CBS) [Series Premiere]Person of Interest (CBS)Wednesday, September 24Black-ish (ABC) [Series Premiere]Chicago PD (NBC)The Goldbergs (ABC)Key & Peele (Comedy Central)Law & Order: SVU (NBC)The Middle (ABC)Modern Family (ABC)Nashville (ABC)South Park (Comedy Central)Thursday, September 25How To Get Away With Murder (ABC) [Series Premiere]Jokers Wild (TruTV) [Series Premiere]Parenthood (NBC)Scandal (ABC)Friday, September 26Blue Bloods (CBS)Hawaii Five-0 (CBS)Shark Tank (ABC)Saturday, September 27Saturday Night Live (NBC)(Brooklyn Nine-Nine season 2 premieres Sunday, September 28 on Fox)-Sunday, September 28Brooklyn Nine-Nine (Fox)CSI (CBS)Family Guy (Fox)Once Upon A Time (ABC)Resurrection (ABC)Revenge (ABC)Simpsons (Fox)Monday, September 29Castle (ABC)Mom (CBS)NCIS Los Angeles (CBS)Tuesday, September 30Manhattan Love Story (ABC) [Series Premiere]Selfie (ABC) [Series Premiere]Now in the midst of the fall television, October continues the onslaught of new and returning shows which began in the final weeks of September.If you still have room in your viewing schedule, Gracepoint and Flash help kick off the month with their premieres, while the premiere of Constantine is saved for the Friday before Halloween. Of course, don’t forget about the return premieres of Supernatural, Arrow or Walking Dead, either!-Wednesday, October 1Criminal Minds (CBS)Stalker (CBS) [Series Premiere]A To Z (NBC) [Series Premiere]Thursday, October 2Bad Judge (NBC) [Series Premiere]Gracepoint (Fox) [Series Premiere]Reign (CW)Vampire Diaries (CW)Friday, October 3Last Man Standing (ABC)On The Menu (TNT)Star Wars Rebels (Disney XD) [Series Premiere]Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (Nick)Saturday, October 4Survivor’s Remorse (Starz) [Series Premiere]-(Flash premieres Tuesday, October 7 on CW)-Sunday, October 5America’s Funniest Home Videos (ABC)Bob’s Burgers (Fox)Homeland (Showtime)Mulaney (Fox) [Series Premiere]Monday, October 6The Originals (CW)Tuesday, October 7Flash (CW) [Series Premiere]Supernatural (CW)Town of the Living Dead (Syfy) [Series Premiere]Wednesday, October 8American Horror Story (FX)Arrow (CW)Ghost Hunters (Syfy)Kingdom (DirecTV) [Series Premiere]Lucha (El Rey) [Series Premiere]Thursday, October 9Cristela (ABC) [Series Premiere]Friday, October 10Affair (Showtime) [Series Premiere]-(The Walking Dead season 5 premieres Sunday, October 12 on AMC)-Sunday, October 12Comic Book Men (AMC)Talking Dead (AMC)Walking Dead (AMC)Monday, October 13Jane The Virgin (CW) [Series Premiere]Tuesday, October 14About A Boy (NBC)Chrisley Knows Best (USA)Marry Me (NBC) [Series Premiere]Wednesday, October 15Top Chef (Bravo)Thursday, October 17The Birthday Boys (IFC)Comedy Bang Bang (IFC)Foo Fighters Sonic Highways (HBO)-(Foo Fighters Sonic Highways premieres Thursday, October 17 on HBO)-Wednesday, October 22The 100 (CW)Web Therapy (Showtime) [Series Return]Friday, October 24Constantine (NBC) [Series Premiere]Deal With It (TBS)Grimm (NBC)Monday, October 272 Broke Girls (CBS)Wednesday, October 30Millers (CBS)Two and a Half Men (CBS)The McCarthys (CBS) [Series Premiere]October 31Elementary (CBS)-November means it’s all over, essentially. Sure, you may now have an overly-packed DVR to contend with – which makes this month’s minimal premieres a godsend. Unfortunately in December, all of the shows you’ve started to watch will take a lengthy hiatus until the middle of July.The war is not over, however, and the numerous midseason replacements that will make their way to television in the months following November may have you rethink your entire viewing schedule.-Friday, November 7MasterChef (Fox)Satruday, November 15Missing (Starz) [Series Premiere]Monday, November 17State Of Affairs (NBC) [Series Premiere]Monday, November 24Ascension (Syfy)Friday, November 28One Child (Sundance)
Tags:
the flash,
ghost hunters,
supernatural,
csi,
ncis,
sons of anarchy,
criminal minds,
law and order:svu,
south park,
castle,
the vampire diaries,
the walking dead,
family guy,
the simpsons,
parenthood,
two and a half men,
bob's burgers,
Last Man Standing,
blue bloods,
modern family,
the good wife,
the big bang theory,
person of interest,
american horror story,
revenge,
once upon a time,
new girl,
elementary,
arrow,
impractical jokers,
Chicago Fire,
the mindy project,
comic book men,
sleepy hollow,
forever,
saturday night live,
2 broke girls,
scandal,
bad judge,
brooklyn nine nine,
the blacklist,
agents of shield,
the 100,
the originals,
reign,
mom,
constantine,
key and peele,
gotham,
star wars rebels,
gracepoint,
selfie,
shark tank
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
NOTE: For the purposes of this article, we are mainly focusing on the domestic box office numbers. All totals are as of December 29, 2014.2014 made a lot of headlines for being one of the worst box office years in recent memory, but the films released in the past 12 months still posted some solid numbers. At the time of this writing, the 681 films released have cumulatively made $10.2 billion, domestically. That's the lowest the domestic box office has been since 2011, but it's still an indication that trekking to the theater is still a favorite pastime for the public.Last year, we broke down some noteworthy box office developments and examined how they might impact the film industry moving forward. As we await the bevy of major tentpoles and intriguing auteur projects that will grace the screens in 2015, it’s time to take a look back at what we said with our dollars in 2014 and explore what effect they’ll have on future projects.-Entering the year as one of the riskiest box office bets, Marvel’s Guardians of the Galaxy ended up becoming a worldwide phenomenon that captured the zeitgeist in a way few other blockbusters did this year. Despite being based on a comic few had even heard of, and featuring an untested leading man, James Gunn’s entry into the Marvel Cinematic Universe became one of the studio’s most lucrative offerings, scoring $332.7 million in the States (the only movie to cross that milestone this summer) and out-grossing established franchises like Planet of the Apes and Transformers.As Star-Lord and Rocket Raccoon became household names, other studios took notice. It’s no small coincidence that shortly after Guardians broke August box office records, Warner Bros. secured release dates for future DC Entertainment projects that would go on to become their Justice League shared universe. Fox was also quick to capitalize on the popularity of Guardians’ irreverent humor by finally green-lighting the Deadpool film. Superheroes have been the thing for a while, but it seems as if The Avengers was only the tip of the iceberg. Executives are looking deep into their library of characters knowing that as long as it’s good, audiences will show up.And that’s what made Guardians a landmark occasion for the comic book genre as a whole. At one point confined to more mainstream titles like Batman or Spider-Man, the impressive haul of Groot and friends gave studios the freedom to blow this thing open and get crazy with the movies they make. Marvel’s Phase 3 will include otherworldly flicks like Inhumans and Captain Marvel. WB is moving forth on their star-studded Suicide Squad adaptation. If you thought we were nearing the end of the Age of Superheroes, Chris Pratt was there to tell you that you were wrong. We’re all hooked on a feeling.-In summer 2013, there were a number of straight-up box office bombs, but the blow of such disasters was stymied by the performances of smashes like Iron Man 3 and Despicable Me 2. While there were flops this year, the blockbuster season was mainly characterized by a number of high-profile tentpoles seeing huge decreases after their anticipated opening weekends.One of the things we mention in our weekly box office predictions is that major releases usually see a noticeable drop-off after the hype has died down, but even then they typically have strong enough legs to hold on to the top spot for consecutive weeks. Starting with the usual summer movie season kickoff date (first weekend of May), and running through the first week of August, there were only two movies that repeated, compared to four in 2013.This summer, six of the weekend champions saw a decrease in excess of 60 percent during their second weekend, whereas only three from last summer suffered that drop. That’s an illustration that the summer of 2014 featured films that didn’t have strong legs. But in a time when business should be booming, why did the numbers suffer so much?For starters, a few of 2014’s tentpoles (Amazing Spider-Man 2, Godzilla) proved to be divisive amongst audiences, and that mixed word-of-mouth can hurt box office prospects during a period where there are several releases competing for attention. There were also some instances where franchise fatigue seemed to be setting in, particularly Transformers: Age of Extinction, which scored the lowest domestic totals in the series ($245.4 million). Comparatively speaking, a number of the “event” movie franchises (Avengers) sat on the sideline this summer, but it’s still surprising to see only one release make more than $300 million.What can studios do to ensure maximum profitability? Our next point may have some answers…-NEXT PAGE: New Blockbusters & Family Films
Tags:
box office
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
For decades, the summer movie season has been associated with big studio tentpoles and huge box office grosses. However, the marketplace took a bit of a hit in 2014, when summer domestic ticket sales were the lowest in seven years. From the onset, it seemed like summer 2015 was going to mark some kind of improvement, with offerings like Avengers: Age of Ultron, Jurassic World, and Inside Out hitting theaters.Thanks to the presence of key properties like Marvel, Pixar, and dinosaurs (among others), moviegoers flooded the multiplex this past season, and records seemed to fall every other week. Some of the movies released even worked their way up the all-time charts, which helped Hollywood celebrate one of their most profitable summers in cinematic history.Variety is reporting that domestic grosses for the 2015 summer season (defined as May 1 through Labor Day) totaled $4.48 billion. That's the second largest figure in history, trailing only 2013's $4.75 billion. It's also an impressive 10.4 percent increase from last summer, where only one film (Guardians of the Galaxy) crossed the $300 million plateau. In 2015, there were four such projects.However, just because the numbers are up overall doesn't mean that all the studios will be celebrating together. A majority of the business was done by two companies: Disney and Universal. They accounted for 60 percent of the total grosses this summer; the former with Age of Ultron ($457.8 million) and Inside Out ($349.6 million), and the latter scoring Jurassic World ($647.4 million), Minions ($329.6 million), and Straight Outta Compton ($150.2 million).Simply put, it was a top-heavy summer. The biggest film that didn't come from Disney or Universal was Paramount's Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation with $182.5 million ($15.3 million behind where predecessor Ghost Protocol was at the same point in its run). And there were a number of notable box office duds, such as Sony's Pixels ($73.8 million) and Fox's Fantastic Four ($54.7 million) that are going to go down as losses for their distributors. It's actually quite surprising that 2015 ended up being as fruitful as it was, considering the handful of films that underperformed.Now that the results are in, executives will be looking at specifically why the biggest movies made the most money. Outside of brand recognition (eight of the top ten grossers were sequels, adaptations, or animated films), the most consistent factor between the true blockbusters was word-of-mouth. Nearly all of the hits received generally positive to universally acclaimed reviews, while the ones that struggled scored mixed responses or were reviled altogether. Social media has become a powerful tool in making or breaking a film's box office prospects, and it turns out that studios may have to actually make a good movie in order to draw the masses in.As Hollywood reaps in the profits of a strong summer, these past few months could just be the beginning for one of the best box office years ever. The fall will bring highly-anticipated films including Spectre, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2, and Star Wars: The Force Awakens (also from Disney) that are poised for their own record-shattering runs. And with the tentpole landscape set to expand exponentially with more and more genre pictures in the coming years, it's reassuring for the studios to see people are still interested in going to the theater.Source: Variety
Tags:
the avengers 2,
box office,
jurassic world
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
If the recent fall season taught us anything about the status of broadcast television, it’s that there’s a growing concern over the lack of originality across all genres. Networks covet the hits of their rivals, which leads to a unique twist on a very familiar story. Cue: a rush towards cable TV. The response? “You like comic book movies? We all have comic book-based TV shows.”However, now it's time to let midseason (and creativity) shine! No longer relegated to shows which networks hope to quietly dump, midseason television has elevated itself to become the home for niche television experiments, as a way for broadcast television to compete against Netflix. With an uninterrupted episode roll out in the weeks ahead, you won't have to worry about when your favorite new show will be coming back from it's second hiatus. Check out the winter premieres for the month of January and February.-Description: Once upon a time, the dashing hero, Galavant (Joshua Sasse), lost the love of his life, Madalena (Mallory Jansen), to the evil King Richard (Timothy Omundson). Now, our fallen hero is ready to take revenge and restore his "happily ever after." But it won't be without a few twists and turns along the way.What to Know: “Team Tangled” - writer Dan Fogelman (Tangled, Cars, Crazy, Stupid Love), composer Alan Menken (The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin) and Lyricist Glenn Slater (The Little Mermaid, Tangled) - reunite for a super-produced comedy musical event, and ABC has no idea what to do with it. A TV experiment, of sorts, now airing back-to-back on Sunday evening for 4 weeks total. Part Monty Python, part Mel Brooks; this is the creative minds behind some your favorite Disney films deciding to have a bit of fun on the small screen.httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwC5lK8OK7I-Description: It’s 1946 and peace has dealt Agent Peggy Carter (Hayley Atwell), a serious blow as she finds herself marginalized when the men return home from fighting abroad. Working for the covert SSR (Strategic Scientific Reserve), Peggy finds herself stuck doing administrative work when she would rather be back out in the field, putting her vast skills into play and taking down the bad guys. But she is also trying to navigate life as a single woman in America, in the wake of losing the love of her life, Steve Rogers - aka Captain America. When old acquaintance Howard Stark (Dominic Cooper, Marvel's Captain America: The First Avenger) finds himself being framed for unleashing his deadliest weapons to anyone willing to pony up the cash, he contacts Peggy -- the only person he can trust -- to track down those responsible, dispose of the weapons and clear his name. He empowers his butler, Edwin Jarvis (James D'Arcy), to be at her beck and call when needed to help assist her as she investigates and tracks down those responsible for releasing these weapons of mass destruction. If caught going on these secret missions for Stark, Peggy could be targeted as a traitor and spend the rest of her days in prison - or worse.What to Know: Marvel power duo Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely, writers of Captain America: The First Avenger, Captain America: The Winter Solider, and the upcoming Phase III film Captain America: Civil War, head to the small screen with a new adventure inspired by their terrific Marvel One-Short of the same name. Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. is now hold until March, while your favorite supporting characters from Cap’s forgotten past - as well as a few new faces - return for an 8-episode event. Don’t be surprised if there’s also a bit of backstory which plays in to The Avengers: Age of Ultron; it’s all connected, after all. (Also: catch up on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., if you already haven't.)httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V13W9gQ_1GA-Description: Hip-hop artist and CEO of Empire Entertainment, Lucious Lyon (Terrence Howard), has always ruled unchallenged, but a medical diagnosis predicts he will be incapacitated in three years, which prompts the sharks to circle. Without further damaging his family, he must decide which of his three sons will take over. His favorite, young Hakeem (Bryshere Y. Gray), is a gifted musician but values fame over hard work. Middle son, Jamal (Jussie Smollett), is talented and shy but gay -- embarrassing to Lyon. The oldest, Andre (Byers), is business-minded but lacks charisma. The reappearance of Cookie (Taraji P. Henson), his ex-wife, complicates things; she says he owes her for taking the fall for the drug-running that financed his early career.What to Know: Oscar-nominated director Lee Daniels (Precious) reunites with The Butler writer Danny Strong (Game Change, Recount), for a musical drama which, as with Sons of Anarchy, is very much inspired by one of Shakespeare’s iconic familial tales. Add Terrence Howard (Hustle & Flow, The Butler), Tarji P. Henson (Think Like a Man), and a reoccurring role for Gabourey Sidibe as Howard’s assistant? Now this is quickly becoming a very exciting show to follow. One question: Fox?httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBzu_jKLJek-Description: An earnest PR executive who attempts to modernize London's law enforcement culture, only to discover her certainties shattered and herself undermined in the murky realpolitik of contemporary policing. London's police force - the oldest in the world - is in need of a public image revamp. And Chief Constable Richard Miller (James Nesbitt) has found just the woman to do it - Liz Garvey (Brit Marling). She's an American visionary from the world of new media parachuted in to revolutionize the force's PR department. In an age of rolling news, smart phones and an information-hungry public, Liz preaches transparency and honesty.What to Know: This is an all-star import dramady from the UK, created by Oscar-winning director Danny Boyle (Slumbdog Millionaire) and the writing duo behind the beloved British comedy Peep Show, Jesse Armstrong and Sam Bain. Sci-fi darling Bri Marling (Another Earth, Sound of My Voice) puts down her pen and joins Golden Globe Award-nominated James Nesbit (Jekyll, The Missing) in a quirky comedy very much inspired by Armstrong and Bain’s former writing gig on The Thicke of It, which is what HBO’s award-winning Veep is based off of. (Don’t expect Veep, however.)httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwh090tct6I-Description: Brett (Mark Duplass) and Michelle (Melanie Lynskey) are struggling to rekindle the spark in their relationship, which has puttered out from the stresses of marriage and children. When Brett's friend Alex (Steve Zissis) and Michelle's sister, Tina (Amanda Peet), move in with them, the foursome engage in a tragically comedic struggle to follow their personal dreams, while still remaining good friends, siblings and spouses to each other.What to Know: created by Mark and Jay Duplass, who may very-well be the hardest working brothers in show business right now, and for good reason. With films like Safety Not Guaranteed, Cyrus, The Puffy Chair,Jeff, Who Lives at Home under their belts - and while Mark has been starring in The League on FX for 6 years - the brothers have more than proven their ability to constantly knock out fun and original indie films at a shocking pace. What happens what these honed sensibilities head to the so-called holy land of HBO? We’re about to found out! httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7P4xiI5HDOw-Description: A sweet and surreal look at the life-and-death stakes of dating, Man Seeking Woman follows naïve twenty-something "Josh Greenberg" (Jay Baruchel, How to Train Your Dragon) on his unrelenting quest for love. Josh soldiers through one-night stands, painful break-ups, a blind date with a troll, time travel, sex aliens, many deaths and a Japanese penis monster named Tanaka on his fantastical journey to find love. Starring alongside Baruchel are Eric Andre (The Eric Andre Show) as "Mike," Josh's confident and daring best friend; Britt Lower (Unforgettable) as "Liz," Josh's intimidating older sister; and Maya Erskine (Betas) as "Maggie," the ex-girlfriend Josh can never quite forget.What to Know: Based on Simon Rich’s book “The Last Girlfriend on Earth”, the former SNL writer teams with the director of Portlandia, Jonathan Krisel, in what we’re told may be the first show FXX doesn't cancel. With Eric Andre (The Eric Andre Show; Community) serving as co-star to Baruchel, it’s very possible that the fledgling network has found its new hit comedy. (Though the track record of canceling shows – most recently The League - doesn’t leave much room hope.)httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWG7ZL9hnj4-Description: A time traveler (Aaron Stanford) from a decimated future is in a high-stakes race against the clock. Utilizing a dangerous and untested method of time travel, he journeys from 2043 to the present day on a mission to locate and eradicate the source of a deadly plague that will all but annihilate the human race.What to Know: Terry Matalas and Travis Ficket created an exciting new, original new sci-fi series for Universal, which the studio then slapped their owned-franchise title 12 Monkeys on. Since then the show has been known as a reimagining of Terry Gilliam’s iconic film. (Now you know the rest of the story.) Fortunately, it doesn’t change the fact that Matalas and Ficket are fueling this clever shell game with the intent of creating their own world, and most viewers won’t even notice the patch job. The name change is more a sign of the times we’re in now, than anything else; something which Syfy’s return to true sci-fi programming will hopefully resolve.httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bi4AtvfXlUA-Description: The Nightly Show will provide viewers with Larry Wilmore's distinct point of view and comedic take on current events and pop culture. Hosted by Wilmore, the series will feature a diverse panel of voices, providing a perspective largely missing in the late night television landscape.What to Know: Created by Jon Stewart and originally known as The Minority Report with Larry Wilmore before being retitled, this is Comedy Central’s attempt at replacing Steven Colbert, who left to replace Dave Letterman as host of The Late Show later this year. Just 10 years ago Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn was canceled for being open and honest about race and politics. There are new, comedian-friendly executives at Comedy Central now; but even they have to walk that corporate line. Luckily, Comedy Central doesn’t mess with Jon Stewart, ever.httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iX6xoYMNJfw-Description: The offbeat crime follows Detective Everett Backstrom (Rainn Wilson), an unhealthy, offensive, irascible - albeit brilliant - detective who sees the worst in everyone, and he's usually right.What to Know: Creator Hart Hanson, who is best known for his underrated juggernaut Bones, returns with Rainn Wilson, who himself is coming off of the juggernaut The Office. These two both have something to prove to the world with their next project, and they’re using Leif G.W. Persson’s book series to do just that. Backstrom is 100% unapologetic for its cynical soul and harsh tone, and audiences will likely love it or hate it because of it. After years of watching Hanson dodge a neverending flurry of fanatical messages on Twitter, there’s something refreshing about seeing him, as well as Wilson, finally having a platform to… not always have to be nice, even if it is in a fictional environment.httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgPUO2XlcA8-Description: This Is Not Happening is a raucous series featuring long-form storytelling from stand-up comedians. From Moshe Kasher’s run-in with an anti-Semite at an Israeli comedy club to Steve Rannazzisi breaking up a fight between Bobby Lee and Ari Shaffir over Natasha Leggero, these comedians’ incredible stories prove that there is nothing as crazy as the truth.What to Know:  Comedian Ari Shaffiar is well-known for his storyteller shows, and for two seasons on YouTube, Comedy Central's digital arm has testing out this format on the Internet. Proving to be a fan favorite on Comedy Central's own YouTube channel, This Is Not Happening is now making it's leap to television. Take note: When comedians are allow to be themselves on television, watch it. Otherwise you're simply watching a performance.-Description: It's 1995 and 11-year-old hip-hop loving Eddie Huang (Hudson Yang) has just moved with his family from Chinatown in Washington D.C. to suburban Orlando. They quickly discover things are very different there. Orlando doesn't even have a Chinatown -- unless you count the Huang house. Eddie's dad, Louis (Randall Park), has dragged the family to the 'burbs to pursue his version of the American dream, opening Cattleman's Ranch Steakhouse, a struggling western-themed restaurant. Louis thinks that the best way to get customers in the door is to hire a white host to greet them and make them feel comfortable. Eddie's mom, Jessica (Constance Wu), has agreed to the move, but she finds Orlando a strange place -- from the rollerblading stay-at-home moms, to the hospital-like grocery stores, to the fact that the humidity has ruined her hair.What to Know: Based on chef Eddie Huang’s memoir of the same name, Fresh Off the Boat is what happens when a creator fights for his project, in whatever way he can. Huang took to Twitter in order to force ABC to remove the original title Far East Orlando, which likely helped make it a good choice for a midseason placement. Fortunately, if Huang’s fights with ABC were anything like Margaret Cho’s during the production of All American Girl in 1994, then the results should be quite impressive to watch. Hopefully Huang’s series, unlike Cho’s, will last more than a single season.httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOutgc-GG6g-Description: Alex O'Connor, a young idealistic CIA analyst specializing in Russian affairs, learns a shocking secret and his close-knit, affluent family is about to be split apart when it's revealed that his parents, Mark (Scott Cohen) and Katya (Hope Davis), are covert Russian spies deactivated decades ago. But today the Kremlin has re-enlisted them into service as they plan a terrorist operation inside the U.S. border that will bring America to its knees.What to Know: Writer George Nolfi (The Adjustment Bureau; The Bourne Ultimatum) teams up with Homeland executive producer Avi Nir for a very familiar-sounding drama series. NBC saw what you liked - The Blacklist - and they ordered even more spy fun for you to enjoy. Nir also produces the FX show Tyrant, which itself feels a bit too generic for its own good. If the recipe works, right?httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phq5Cu5FBc0-Description: Set six years before Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk) meets Walter White. When we meet him, the man who will become Saul is known as Jimmy McGill, a small-time lawyer searching for his destiny and hustling to make ends meet. Working alongside and often against Jimmy is fixer Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks), a beloved character first introduced in Breaking Bad. The new series will track Jimmy’s transformation into a man who puts the criminal in “criminal attorney.”What to Know: Created by Gilligan, and fueled by Breaking Bad writer and producer Peter Gould. Gould learned from Gilligan, evolved with Gilligan, and helped Gilligan bring his AMC show to a close after 5 season. Now, it's time to see what the star pupil can do on his own. Fortunately, in this case, "on his own" includes an award-winning cast, returning favorites, and the always-present question: Will Walter White return?httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ds4FZmVG908-Description: Matthew Perry stars as sports writer, ladies' man, and famous curmudgeon, Oscar Madison, in this half-hour comedy based on Neil Simon's classic, The Odd Couple. Oscar's life seems almost perfect...sure he's divorced and his apartment is a mess, but he's the host of a well-known sports show, and is enjoying his bachelor lifestyle in New York City. That is until his college friend, Felix, shows up at Oscar's apartment having just been dumped by his wife. Oscar does his best to console his old buddy and get him back on the dating horse, but his attempts uncover just how unresolved his own feelings are about his ex.What to Know: CBS owns The Odd Couple franchise, so this is why the show exists. That said: Matthew Perry developed this series with Two Guys and a Girl creator Danny Jacobson, who created  Mad About You with Paul Reiser. Thomas Lennon (Reno 911!) - who has been quietly accumulating terrific guest spots on pretty much every show - is perhaps the best casting decision that could have been made, and the duos comedic sensibilities seem to logicall fit. After seeing how hard Perry worked on ABC's short-lived Mr. Sunshine - and knowing CBS' ability to turn any show in to a hit - this remake is beginning to sound quite exciting.-That's it for the Winter 2015 TV preview - what will YOU be watching?
Tags:
12 monkeys,
agent carter,
better call saul,
the odd couple,
togetherness,
empire,
backstrom,
fresh off the boat,
Allegiance
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Celebrating video game titles that are made at least in part in Canada and internationally, the Canadian Video Game Awards 2016 have now revealed the winners in 20 different categories at their sixth annual event at the Palais de Congres in downtown Montreal. Announced from a list of over 50 finalists, a group of industry experts from across Canada voted on the winners in all but two categories - where fans decided who would triumph, instead.Having led the finalist nominations earlier this year, it should come as no surprise that Deus Ex: Mankind Divided was the title to take home the most awards. Other big wins came for Episode 1 of The Gallery and Rise of the Tomb Raider. Check out the full list of all the winners below:Best Console Game: Deus Ex: Mankind Divided (Eidos-Montreal)Best Mobile/Handheld Game: Severed (Drinkbox Studios)Best PC Game: Stories: The Path of Destinies (Spearhead Games)Best Virtual Reality Game: The Gallery - Episode 1: Call of the Starseed (Cloudhead Games)Best Animation: Far Cry Primal (Ubisoft Montreal)Best Art Direction: Jotun: Valhalla Edition (Thunder Lotus Games)Best Audio: NHL 17 (EA Canada)Best Debut Game: Jotun: Valhalla Edition (Thunder Lotus Games)Best Educational Game: Modbox (Alientrap)Best Game Design: Deus Ex: Mankind Divided (Eidos-Montreal)Best Game Innovation: The Gallery - Episode 1: Call of the Starseed (Cloudhead Games)Best Indie Game: Stories: The Path of Destinies (Spearhead Games)Best Musical Score: Take My Hand by YAMANTAKA // SONIC TITAN & Pantayo - Severed (Drinkbox Studios)Best Narrative: Deus Ex: Mankind Divided (Eidos-Montreal)Best New Character: The Trapper, Dead by Daylight (Behaviour Digital)Best Performance: Deus Ex: Mankind Divided (Eidos-Montreal)Best Technology: The Gallery - Episode 1: Call of the Starseed (Cloudhead Games)Fans' Choice - Best Canadian-Made Game: Dead by Daylight (Behaviour Digital)Fans' Choice - Best International Game: Rise of the Tomb Raider (Crystal Dynamics)Game of the Year: Deus Ex: Mankind Divided (Eidos-Montreal)Deus Ex: Mankind Divided was the subject of much discussion upon release. Reviews were extremely varied, but it would seem those on the judging panel at this year’s CVAs really took the title into their hearts. It’s nice to see a game that perhaps didn’t get as much attention as it deserved do so well. Another that could fall into that category would be Far Cry Primal. Though it fared generally well with reviewers, the open world action-adventure game hadn't until this point picked up any accolades of note. With that being said, Ubisoft at the time of sales said the game had performed better than they could have predicted.Taking three gongs, The Gallery developers Cloudhead Games can now move forward with the knowledge that the majority of players are enjoying their experience with the title. As a game built for virtual reality, creators have to be pleased with just how successful the game has already become when up against a lot of new VR releases. If the episodes ahead can replicate the success of the first, the game could cement itself as one of the leading foundations of the virtual reality world.The Canadian Video Game Awards are produced by the Canadian League of Gamers and are officially endorsed by the Entertainment Software Association of Canada, Interactive Ontario, Alliance Numerique and DigiBC.Source: The Canadian Video Game Awards
Tags:
deus ex,
rise of the tomb raider,
game awards
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2016 election has been absolutely nuts so far. The suite of candidates has to be one of the most unlikable of all time, multiple entrants are calling for full-blown revolution, and the late night talk shows are having a field day with the colorful characters on full display in the lead up to Election Day.While every presidential election is always a certain degree of crazy, there's no doubt that this 2016 iteration is unlike anything we've ever seen before in politics, and would be a great subject for a movie, documenting the rise and fall of the various candidates and their larger-than-life personas. Maybe within the next few years, we'll see an HBO original movie all about this most atypical of elections, and if we ever do, here's who we'd like to see in all of the lead roles.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIMAGE SOURCEWhen ex-president Bill Clinton was asked who he'd like to see play him in a movie, he jokingly suggested Brad Pitt or George Clooney. At least, we think he was joking. But when asked who would play his wife, current presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton, he didn't skip a beat and immediately suggested Meryl Streep. We're inclined to agree with Bill's assessment.Meryl is universally beloved as one of the greatest actors of all time, and when the choice exists whether or not to cast her, the correct answer is always, "cast her." Hillary Clinton is one of the premier candidates this election, and, love her or hate her, her historically-significant status as the first woman with a significant chance of winning the American Presidency commands a certain dignity and respect. Meryl has 19(!) Oscar nominations, which is pretty dignified and quite respectable, to say the least. And, having played Margaret Thatcher in The Iron Lady, Meryl is no stranger to politically-themed dramas. She might need some extra time to work on Hillary's laugh, however. It's rather...distinct.IMAGE SOURCEThe other front-runner for the Democratic Party is Bernie Sanders, a populist candidate who proudly identifies as a "democratic socialist." His campaign promises of breaking up the big banks and making college tuition free has resonated with a ton of people, especially millennials, the youngest demographic eligible to vote. Opponents fear him to be too far towards the left, and many, with an overwrought fear of even the word "socialism," believe him to be unelectable, despite his solid polling numbers and stellar primary results — superdelegates notwithstanding.We believe Richard Dreyfuss would make a great Bernie. He's a prestigious actor, with two Oscar nominations and one win, for Best Actor in 1977's The Goodbye Girl. However, there is a more recent role which we think makes Dreyfuss a prime candidate to bring Bernie Sanders to life in a movie: Bernie Madoff. Madoff is pretty much the exact opposite of the senator from Vermont, and Dreyfuss played the jail-bound Ponzi Scheme mastermind in the ABC miniseries, Madoff. He has the look, he has the acting chops, and he can kvetch, so he's in as our version of Bernie Sanders, the underdog candidate.As popular as Larry David's comedic turn as the presidential hopeful on Saturday Night Live has been, we'll be needing a bit more drama in this role than the Seinfeld creator may be able to handle.IMAGE SOURCESWith the latest news that both Ted Cruz and John Kasich have suspended their campaigns, Donald Trump is the clear Republican front-runner for the presidency. Barring any stunning twists, he will be the Republican candidate for the November elections. Trump is easily the most polarizing figure of the election, and indeed, one of the most controversial political characters of all time.Despite being over 15 years older than Trump, we can clearly picture the great Robert Duvall taking on the role of the larger-than-life id of right-wing politics. Duvall may be 85, but Trump, at 69 (turning 70 in June), is no spring chicken himself, and is so covered in cartoon hair and unsightly spray-tan that he could pass for much older than he actually is.Robert Duvall recently gave an Oscar-nominated performance opposite Robert Downey Jr in The Judge, and the man clearly has the talent and gravitas to capture Trump's fascinating, possibly ego-driven rise to political prominence without falling into parody, a major fear with any potential Trump-casting.IMAGE SOURCEAfter eight tough years as POTUS, Barack Obama is stepping down. While our current president has largely avoided discussing his feelings on any candidates to any great lengths, any film about his retirement and replacement would feel incomplete without a version of the man himself.  To this end, we're casting noted character actor Giancarlo Esposito, known for his roles on such varied shows as Homicide: Life on the Street, Revolution, Once Upon a Time, and Breaking Bad.Obama is the first African-American president, which many believe led to his candidacy and subsequent election and re-election campaigns being the subject of significantly more scrutiny than any other political figure in recent history. Early on, one of the attacks against Obama's legitimacy came in the form of the "Birther" movement, a group who claimed that Obama was actually have been born in Kenya and was thus not an American citizen. This would have made him ineligible for The United States's highest office.Among these Birthers was none other than Donald Trump, who led the call to release Obama's birth certificate and other official records. Despite all the hype and promises that Trump's private investigators had found incriminating evidence damning the president, nothing ultimately came from any of it, since the rumor was a silly and baseless conspiracy from the start...Though the whole Trump v Obama & Common Sense episode would be a great first scene to our hypothetical HBO movie.IMAGE SOURCETed Cruz is one of the most notoriously unlikable figures in the 2016 election, and not just because of his bizarre face, which has been said to resemble a number of interesting figures, including Grandpa Munster, Mrs. Doubtfire, Michael Sweet from Stryper, and Kevin from The Office.For our money, we'd cast fellow Office alumni Steve Carell as Ted Cruz. While Carell bares a remote resemblance to the senator from Texas, his physical appearance would necessitate some tweaking, a process the 53 year old actor is no stranger to. In 2014's Foxcatcher, Carell wore a hideous prosthetic nose to portray John Eleuthere du Pont, and was subsequently awarded with an Oscar nomination. A little more makeup magic would go a long way to help him capture Ted Cruz's unique visage. Carell's come a long way since the days when he was seen only for his comedic talent. Considering the dramatic chops he's flashed in recent years, we think he'd knock this out of the park.IMAGE SOURCEOhio Governor John Kasich was long seen as the stable candidate, more benign than the grandstanding Donald Trump and more likable than cold fish/wet blanket that is Ted Cruz. However, just a day after Ted Cruz's withdrawal from the race, Kasich announced that he too was bowing out of the fight and conceding victory to Trump.James Woods seems like a nice, normal kind of guy, just like John Kasich — Woods' fondness for May-December romance notwithstanding. Who are we to judge? The heart wants what the heart wants.Anyway, in our movie, we can see Woods's Kasich as the last-generation candidate, a man attempting to run a clean, old-fashioned campaign in the age of Trump, a showman who knows how to rile up a crowd like few before him. Kasich becomes an interesting, almost tragic, figure in our movie, which is far more dramatic than his real life status as that bland guy whose only primary win came in his home state.IMAGE SOURCEFor a long time, it seemed as though Paul Ryan was going to be a surprise entrant into the 2016 Presidential Race. He's young by political standards (46 years old) and is often touted as being intelligent on financial matters, which could give him an edge on Trump, who is running on his public image of being a shrewd businessman. While many establishment Republicans are hoping he might somehow emerge from the ether to challenge Trump, the window has passed on a Ryan presidency this cycle, though some are still holding hope he might at least lead from behind as Trump's potential Vice President, as he had previously been up for the role of second-in-command as Mitt Romney's running mate back in 2012.Mark-Paul Gosselaar is the perfect pick for Paul Ryan. While the erstwhile Zack Morris is a bit on the pretty side for the role, the Speaker of the House isn't so hard on the eyes either. Ryan was the subject of a story in Time magazine, in which he discussed his healthy lifestyle and intense workout regimen, courtesy of P90X, which we have no interest in learning about as it involves working out, and exercise sucks. But props to Paul Ryan, for being played by the hottest actor on our list.IMAGE SOURCEDoctor Ben Carson was criticized for his aloof demeanor during the campaign trail, often failing to express interest, or even sentience, during debates and interviews. He seemed kind of brain dead, an especially pressing concern considering the doctor's former day job: the man was a pediatric brain surgeon at Johns Hopkins Hospital for nearly 30 years.Cuba Gooding Jr is our only option to play the good doctor, since it wouldn't be his first time. In 2009, Cuba played the good doctor in a 2009 made-for-television film, Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story. The film was actually quite well-received, and was considered to be an effective, if overly sappy, drama.Indeed, Cuba's casting could lead to a Carson Cinematic Universe, or the CCU, if you will, in which Cuba Gooding Jr would portray Carson in a number of movies, as both a doctor and a political figure, leading up to a grand mash-up film, in which he would have to perform brain surgery during a joint session of Congress.IMAGE SOURCEChris Christie dropped out of the race fairly early without making as big of a splash as he did in 2012, but his imposing figure and no-nonsense demeanor draw the viewer's attention. He's a compelling character, and would be right at home in our would-be movie.Jon Favreau might not be quite as hefty as the ex-candidate, but we've seen more dramatic transformations from actors in recent years. Just look at Favreau as Happy Hogan in the Iron Man films, and it becomes easy to visualize. Depending on how things work out over the coming months, we might see a lot more of Christie, so to speak, as many speculate that he may wind up being Trump's eventual running mate and subsequent Vice President, should Trump ultimately win the race.IMAGE SOURCEOne of Will Ferrell's most memorable characters during his seven-year run on Saturday Night Live was his cartoonish impression of President George Bush. Though Ferrell's voice was spot-on, we always thought he looked a little more like George's younger brother, Jeb.Jeb was an outspoken opponent of Donald Trump's brand of politics, but went from prospective front-runner to damaged washout in record time. He was unprepared for the unstoppable Trump train, and never stood a chance against its deafening and all-encompassing momentum. And in the end, his famous family name may have actually hurt him more than it helped him.Will Ferrell was recently cast as an aging, forgetful Ronald Reagan in the upcoming comedy Reagan, but dropped out after a considerable amount of backlash in the online world. Perhaps playing Jeb in a drama could satisfy Ferrell's seemingly insatiable desire to portray famous Republican politicians across film and television.IMAGE SOURCEElizabeth Warren, like Paul Ryan, isn't running for President this election cycle, but many are hoping that she will take a stab at running for Vice President. Seriously, a Sanders/Warren presidency would have the big banks running for the hills! Or maybe she'll wind up as Clinton's running mate and become part of an all-female ticket, an unprecedented move in American politics.We can see the great Jodie Foster as the idealistic, big bank-hunting Warren, flirting with the idea of running for president, and then Vice President. Ultimately, however, we have a feeling that Elizabeth will conclude that she can affect more immediate change in her current job as a United States Senator. Warren, as played by the highly underrated 2 time Oscar winner, will believe that, just like in Wargames, the only way to truly win is to simply not play.IMAGE SOURCEIf Hillary becomes the Democratic candidate and goes on to win the presidency, then Bill Clinton will be making a return trip to The White House. As many readers surely know, Bill Clinton served two terms as President of the United States. If Hillary becomes the first female President, then Bill will become the first male First Lady, though we suspect there must be a more masculine version of that title.John Travolta played "Jack Stanton," a fictionalized version of Bill Clinton, in Primary Colors, a novel based on Clinton and his 1992 presidential campaign. Having already earned significant acclaim as a facsimile of the man, Travolta is a shoo-in to play the genuine article in our fantasy film. His voice is eerily similar to Clinton's own, which is surely one of the reasons Travolta was cast in Primary Colors in the first place. Plus, John Travolta has never starred in a film with Meryl Streep, our pick for Hillary, and we would love to see those two share the screen someday.IMAGE SOURCEThe action scenes in a drama about a presidential race are the debates, in which the candidates gather and discuss their varying positions on an assortment of issues. The debates in this 2016 race have so far been uncharacteristically ugly, with the Republican debates in particular taking absurd detours into pathetic attempts at masculine showboating, and candidates engaging in outright name-calling and even making reference to hand and penis size. Great job keeping it dignified, fellas.Wolf Blitzer is one of the lead anchors of CNN and often hosts and moderates over the debates, as well as taking the candidates to task in comprehensive one-on-one interviews. We would like to see the role of Wolf "Nobody Calls Me Howlin' Even Though I Ask Them To" Blitzer being filled by none other than Michael Douglas, an actor who could conceivably be able wrangle the disparate candidates in a group situation. In fact, come to think of it, Michael Douglas might do a better job moderating debates and holding candidates accountable for their words than Wolf Blitzer himself. Even at the ripe old age of 71, the man is still intimidating as hell.---That's all folks; would you be interested in seeing a movie about the 2016 election with this cast? Do you agree with our casting choices? Who would you like to see instead? Sound off in the comments section!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
This morning the nominees for the 68th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were announced. And while every year it seems like more people are interested in talking about what didn't get nominated than what did, but this time around it's actually a different story. With the huge amount of television that's being produced in this age of Peak TV, there was plenty to take notice of and some long overdue acknowledgment. But before the conversation shifts to an analysis what was overlooked, it's time to recognize what was deemed worthy of a nomination.There were plenty of surprises, as most of the nominees in the top categories were filled with a mix of new and familiar faces. Last year's big winner, HBO's Game of Thrones was back, while FX's superlative The Americans received three nominations, including Outstanding Drama. Tom Hiddleston and The Night Manager landed a few nominations, while The People vs. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story garnered noms for Cuba Gooding Jr., Courtney B. Vance, and Sarah Paulson.Without further adieu, here is the list of nominees for the 68th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards:OUTSTANDING DRAMABetter Call Saul (AMC)Downton Abbey (PBS)Game of Thrones (HBO)Homeland (Showtime)House of Cards (Netflix)Mr. Robot (USA)The Americans (FX)OUTSTANDING LEAD ACTRESS IN A DRAMATatiana Maslany, Orphan BlackKeri Russell, The AmericansClaire Danes, HomelandViola Davis, How to Get Away With MurderTaraji P. Henson, EmpireRobin Wright, House of CardsOUTSTANDING LEAD ACTOR IN A DRAMAKyle Chandler, BloodlineRami Malek, Mr. RobotBob Odenkirk, Better Call SaulMatthew Rhys, The AmericansLiev Schreiber, Ray DonovanKevin Spacey, House of CardsOUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A DRAMAMaggie Smith, Downton AbbeyLena Headey, Game of ThronesEmilia Clarke, Game of ThronesMaisie Williams, Game of ThronesMaura Tierney, The AffairConstance Zimmer, UnRealOUTSTANDING LIMITED SERIES AND TV MOVIEAmerican Crime (ABC)Fargo (FX)The Night Manager (AMC)The People vs. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story (FX)Roots (History)TV MOVIEA Very Murray Christmas (Netflix)All the Way (HBO)Confirmation (HBO)Luther (BBC America)Sherlock: The Abominable Bride (BBC America)LEAD ACTOR IN A LIMITED SERIES OR MOVIEBryan Cranston, All the WayIdris Elba, LutherBenedict Cumberbatch, Sherlock: The Abominable BrideTom Hiddleston, The Night ManagerCuba Gooding Jr., The People vs. O.J. Simpson: American Crime StoryCourtney B. Vance, The People vs. O.J. Simpson: American Crime StoryLEAD ACTRESS LIMITEDFelicity Huffman, American CrimeLili Taylor, American CrimeKerry Washington, ConfirmationKirsten Dunst, FargoAudra McDonald, Lady Day at Emerson's Bar & GrillSarah Paulson, The People vs. O.J. Simpson: American Crime StoryOUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A DRAMAJonathan Banks, Better Call SaulJon Voight, Ray DonovanKit Harington, Game of ThronesPeter Dinklage, Game of ThronesMichael Kelly, House of CardsBen Mendelsohn, BloodlineOUTSTANDING COMEDYblack-ish (ABC)Master of None (Netflix)Modern Family (ABC)Silicon Valley (HBO)Transparent (Amazon)Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (Netflix)Veep (HBO)OUTSTANDING LEAD ACTRESS IN A COMEDYTracee Ellis Ross, black-ishLaurie Metcalf, Getting OnLily Tomlin, Grace and FrankieAmy Schumer, Inside Amy SchumerEllie Kemper, Unbreakable Kimmy SchmidtJulia Louie-Dreyfus, VeepOUTSTANDING LEAD ACTOR IN A COMEDYAnthony Anderson, black-ishAziz Ansari, Master of NoneThomas Middleditch, Silicon ValleyWill Forte, The Last Man on EarthWilliam H. Macy, ShamelessJeffrey Tambor, TransparentOUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A COMEDYNiecy Nash, Getting OnAllison Janney, MomKate McKinnon, Saturday Night LiveJudith Light, TransparentGaby Hoffman, TransparentAnny Chlumsky, VeepOUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A COMEDYLouie Anderson, BasketsAndre Braugher, Brooklyn Nine-NineKeegan-Michael Key, Key & PeeleTy Burrell, Modern FamilyTitus Burgess, Unbreakable Kimmy SchmidtTony Hale, VeepMatt Walsh, Veep-There's plenty to be surprised about with these nominations. The inclusion of Kit Harington is a surprise, especially given that Christian Slater didn't get a nomination in the Outstanding Supporting Actor category. Meanwhile, it's great to see Louie Anderson get a much-deserved nod for is role in Baskets, a show that seemed compelled to up its game to his level as the first season went on. The same can be said for Aziz Ansari and Master of None. Both deserved the nomination and could be a strong contender for the win considering the first-season love being handed the series.Maybe most surprising is the absence of The Good Wife and UnReal in the big categories, as well as Empire and Orange is the New Black. Uzo Aduba (Suzanne Warren) was the winner last year, so her absence and the series' absence here is a big surprise. Other surprise omissions include, The Leftovers, Show Me a Hero, and Louie C.K.'s Horace & Pete.The 68th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards will air on Sunday, September 18, 2016, on ABC with host Jimmy Kimmel.
Tags:
game of thrones,
homeland,
house of cards,
the americans,
orphan black,
better call saul,
emmys,
the night manager,
transparent,
mr. robot,
master of none,
downton abey
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Yesterday evening (December 1st, at the time of writing this) was the night of the annual Game Awards show, a lavish live-streamed spectacle where the best and brightest of the video games industry gathered in Los Angeles - in order to receive awards voted on by industry peers and journalists, celebrating the year in gaming. It was a good night for big-name hits like Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, the reboot of DOOM and Blizzard's mega-selling team shooter Overwatch, as well as respected independent titles like That Dragon Cancer - and it was a chance for those in attendance to show off all-new trailers for upcoming titles.Check out the full list of winners and nominees for the 2016 Game Awards:GAME OF THE YEAR:DOOM (id Software/Bethesda)Inside (Playdead)Titanfall 2 (Respawn/EA)Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End (Naughty Dog/Sony Interactive)WINNER: Overwatch (Blizzard)BEST FAMILY GAME:Dragon Quest Builders (Square Enix)Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens (TT Fusion/WBIE)Ratchet & Clank (Insomniac Games/Sony Interactive)Skylanders: Imaginators (Toy for Bob/Activision)WINNER: Pokemon Go (Niantic)BEST GAME DIRECTION:DICE (Battlefield 1)id Software (DOOM)Naughty Dog (Uncharted 4)Respawn (Titanfall 2)WINNER: Blizzard (Overwatch)BEST NARRATIVE:Firewatch (Campo Santo)Inside (Playdead)Mafia III (Hangar 13/2K)Oxenfree (Night School Studio)WINNER: Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End (Naughty Dog/SIE)GAMES FOR IMPACT:1979 Revolution (iNK Stories)Block’hood (Plethora Project/Devolver Digital)Orwell (Osmotic Studios/Surprise Attack)Sea Hero Quest (Glitchers)WINNER: That Dragon, Cancer (Numinous Games)BEST ART DIRECTION:Abzu (Giant Squid/505)Firewatch (Campo Santo)Overwatch (Blizzard)Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End (Naughty Dog/SIE)WINNER: Inside (Playdead)BEST MUSIC/SOUND DESIGN:Battlefield 1 (DICE/EA)Inside (Playdead)Rez Infinite (Enhance Games)Thumper (Drool)WINNER: DOOM (id/Bethesda)BEST PERFORMANCE:Alex Hernandez - Lincoln Clay, Mafia IIICissy Jones - Delilah, FirewatchEmily Rose - Elena, Uncharted 4Rich Summer - Henry, FirewatchTroy Baker - Sam Drake, Uncharted 4WINNER: Nolan North - Nathan Drake, Uncharted 4BEST VR GAME:Batman: Arkham VR (Rocksteady Studios/WBIE)EVE: Valkyrie (CCP Games)Job Simulator (Owlchemy Labs)Thumper (Drool)WINNER: Rez Infinite (Enhance Games)BEST INDEPENDENT GAME:Firewatch (Campo Santo)Hyper Light Drifter (Heart Machine)Stardew Valley (ConcernedApe/Chucklefish Games)The Witness (Thelka, Inc.)WINNER: Inside (Playdead)BEST MOBILE/HANDHELD:Clash Royale (Supercell)Fire Emblem Fates (Intelligent Systems/Nintendo)Monster Hunter Generations (Capcom)Severed (DrinkBox Studios)WINNER: Pokemon Go (Niantic)BEST ACTION GAME:Battlefield 1 (DICE/EA)Gears of War 4 (The Coalition/Microsoft Studios)Overwatch (Blizzard)Titanfall 2 (Respawn/EA)WINNER: DOOM (id Software/Bethesda Softworks)BEST ACTION/ADVENTURE GAME:Hitman (IO Interactive/Square-Enix)Hyper Light Drifter (Heart Machine)Ratchet & Clank (Insomniac Games/Sony Interactive)Uncharted 4 (Naughty Dog/Sony Interactive Entertainment)WINNER: Dishonored 2 (Arkane Studios/Bethesda Softworks)BEST RPG:Dark Souls 3 (FromSoftware/Bandai Namco Entertainment)Deus Ex: Mankind Divided (Eidos Montreal/Square-Enix)World of Warcraft: Legion (Blizzard)Xenoblade Chronicles X (Monolith Soft/Nintendo)WINNER: The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt -- Blood and Wine (CD Projekt RED)BEST STRATEGY GAME:Fire Emblem Fates (Intelligent Systems/Nintendo)The Banner Saga 2 (Stoic Studio/Versus Evil)Total War: Warhammer (Creative Assembly/Sega)XCOM 2 (Firaxis Games/2K)WINNER: Civilization 6 (Firaxis Games/2K)BEST SPORTS/RACING:FIFA 17 (EA Canada/EA Sports)MLB The Show 16 (SCE San Diego Studio/SIE)NBA 2K17 (Visual Concepts/2K Sports)Pro Evolution Soccer 2017 (PES Productions/Konami)WINNER: Forza Horizon 3 (Playground Games/Microsoft Studios)BEST FIGHTING GAME:Killer Instinct Season 3 (Iron Galaxy Studios/Microsoft Studios)King of Fighters XIV (SNK/Atlus USA)Pokken Tournament (Bandai Namco Studios/The Pokemon Co.)WINNER: Street Fighter V (Capcom)BEST MULTIPLAYER:Battlefield 1 (DICE/EA)Gears of War 4 (The Coalition/Microsoft Studios)Overcooked (Ghost Town Games/Team 17)Titanfall 2 (Respawn/EA)Tom Clancy’s Rainbow Six Siege (Ubisoft Montreal/Ubisoft)WINNER: Overwatch (Blizzard)MOST ANTICIPATED GAME:God of War (Santa Monica Studio/Sony Interactive)Horizon: Zero Dawn (Guerrilla Games/Sony Interactive)Mass Effect: Andromeda (Bioware/EA)Red Dead Redemption 2 (Rockstar Games)WINNER: The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild (Nintendo)TRENDING GAMER:AngryJoeShowDanny O’DwyerJackSepticEyeLirikWINNER: Boogie2988BEST ESPORTS GAME:Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (Valve)DOTA2 (Valve)League of Legends (Riot)Street Fighter V (Capcom)WINNER: Overwatch (Blizzard)BEST eSPORTS PLAYER:Faker – Lee Sang-hyeok (SK Telecom T1, League of Legends)ByuN –Hyun Woo (Starcraft 2)Infiltrator – Lee Seeon-woo (Team Razer, Street Fighter V)Hungrybox – Juan Debiedma (Team Liquid, Super Smash Bros.)WINNER: Coldzera – Marcelo David (SK Gaming, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive)BEST ESPORTS TEAM:SK Telecom T1 (League of Legends)Wings Gaming (DOTA2)SK GamingROX Tigers (League of Legends)WINNER: Cloud 9Source: The Game Awards, Polygon
Tags:
street fighter,
uncharted,
the legend of zelda,
pokemon,
Overwatch,
game awards
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Seemingly earlier than ever this year, major critics groups have begun announcing their year-end awards. So far, three films have emerged as critical favorites: Damien Chazelle’s Los Angeles musical fantasia La La Land, Kenneth Lonergan’s New England drama Manchester by the Sea and Barry Jenkins’ Miami coming-out tale Moonlight.The National Board of Review named Manchester by the Sea Best Film. The New York Film Critics Circle gave its Best Film award to La La Land, while Moonlight took the Best Picture award at the Gotham Awards. And now the Los Angeles Film Critics Association (LAFCA) has announced its choices as well.LAFCA announced Sunday that Moonlight is its pick for Best Picture, followed by La La Land as runner-up, as reported by EW (LAFCA announnces one winner and one runner-up for each award). Jenkins also took home the group’s Best Director award, with Chazelle picked as the runner-up. Moonlight’s Mahershala Ali won Best Supporting Actor, while Moonlight was also named winner of the Best Cinematography award, with James Laxton beating out La La Land’s Linus Sandgren.Read the full list of winners below:Best PictureWINNER: MoonlightRUNNER-UP: La La LandBest DirectorWINNER: Barry Jenkins - MoonlightRUNNER-UP: Damien Chazelle - La La LandBest ActorWINNER: Adam Driver - PatersonRUNNER-UP: Casey Affleck - Manchester by the SeaBest ActressWINNER: Isabelle Huppert - ElleRUNNER-UP: Rebecca Hall - ChristineBest Supporting ActorWINNER: Mahershala Ali - MoonlightRUNNER-UP: Issy Ogata - SilenceBest Supporting ActressWINNER: Lily Gladstone - Certain WomenRUNNER-UP: Michelle Williams - Manchester by the SeaBest AnimationWINNER: Your Name.RUNNER-UP: The Red TurtleBest Foreign Language FilmWINNER: The HandmaidenRUNNER-UP: Toni ErdmannBest DocumentaryWINNER: I Am Not Your NegroRUNNER-UP: OJ: Made in AmericaBest ScreenplayWINNER: Efthymis Filippou and Yorgos Lanthimos - The LobsterRUNNER-UP: Kenneth Lonergan - Manchester by the SeaBest EditingWINNER: Bret Granato, Maya Mumma, Ben Sozanski - OJ: Made in AmericaRUNNER-UP: Tom Cross - La La LandBest Production DesignWINNER: Ryu Seong-hee - The HandmaidenRUNNER-UP: David Wasco - La La LandBest Music ScoreWINNER: Justin Hurwitz - La La LandRUNNER-UP: Mica Levi - JackieBest CinematographyWINNER: James Laxton - MoonlightRUNNER-UP: Linus Sandgren - La La LandNew Generation AwardWINNER: Trey Edward Shults and Krisha Fairchild - KrishaIt’s still very early, of course, but the awards bode very well for Moonlight, the urban drama that has gained nearly universal praise since its release in October. It figures to compete across numerous Oscar categories, from Best Picture to Best Director to even more technical categories like cinematography. And since the film’s cast is split among three different eras, it’s more good news for Moonlight that Ali managed to win an acting award. Jenkins, should he win, would become the first-ever African-American Best Director winner.But don’t count out the other films yet -- La La Land and Manchester by the Sea remain top contenders, while a pair of films not yet seen by most critics -- Denzel Washington’s Fences and Martin Scorsese’s Silence -- may still catch on later in awards season. It is, after all, still only the first week in December.Source: LAFCA/EW
Tags:
la la land,
manchester by the sea
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The summer movie season (which, for several years, has encompassed May through August) of 2016 has reached its conclusion with the arrival of the Labor Day weekend holiday frame. Many filmgoers who were disappointed with this summer's batch of films have already turned their attention to the fall and its own (rather promising-looking) collection of awards season contenders and crowd-pleasing tentpoles. However, before we leave this summer fully behind and only visible in our rearview mirror, it's time to take stock of not only the best of the best this season - but also the best of the worst.Moviegoers by now no doubt know whether their favorite superhero movie this summer was of the Marvel or DC variety; whether they were a bigger fan of the season's mainstream animated films (Finding Dory, The Secret Life of Pets) or more independent offerings (Sausage Party, Kubo and the Two Strings); what their favorite movie in every genre was (sci-fi, horror, comedy) and so forth. Hence, instead of running through our selections for the "Best/Worst Superhero Movie," "Best/Worst Animated Feature," and other categories along those lines, we're going to try and mix things up a bit with how we recognize both the high-points and low-points of this year's summer movie season.Fair warning to those who are behind on their summer movie viewing: although we avoid dropping any major spoilers for the films listed here, there are MILD SPOILERS that simply had to be included, for the sake of the discussion. So, with that in mind, let's dive into our 2016 Summer Movie Awards rundown.Best Fight Sequence - Airport Battle, Captain America: Civil WarThe summer 2016 movie season started off with a bang thanks to the release of Captain America: Civil War, a critical/commercial smash success - and the Marvel Studios movie that got Phase 3 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe started on the right foot. By now, the buzz around the film has settled down enough for everyone to be able and have a more level-headed discussion of Civil War's strengths and flaws, too.Nevertheless, there's one aspect of the movie that remains all-but universally beloved: the "splash page" set piece that is the Leipzig airport-based showdown between members of #TeamCap and #TeamIronMan (rosters that include well-established Avengers and exciting MCU newcomers to boot). The Leipzig fight continues to impress simply because 1) It does a great job showcasing the different powers and capabilities of each individual superhero in the fight and 2) It allows the various superhero's personalities to shine through, thus peppering the fisticuffs and explosions with some solid moments of character development.Most people know what their favorites moments from this fight are (Spider-Man's enthusiastic contributions, Giant-Man's appearance, Sam and Bucky's odd couple banter and so on), but it's a great sequence all the same. One must also appreciate the lack of a world-ending portal anywhere in sight, after so many of this summer's films relied on such a concept during their respective "big showdown" sequences.Best Future Cult Hit - The Nice GuysSometimes movies just struggle to find a sizable audience in theaters, regardless of how good a general reception they earn from the film-loving masses (feel free to ask Dredd fans about that). The Lonely Island's mockumentary Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping is one such 2016 release that struggled to attract anything beyond a niche audience at the box office, despite earning the favor of most critics and Edgar Wright, at that. However, since we are talking about the best future cult movie that failed to make significant waves this year, commercially-speaking, that prize is going to The Nice Guys.Shane Black's 2005 film Kiss Kiss Bang Bang is practically the poster child for what qualifies as a cult hit film. As such, it should come as less of a surprise that The Nice Guys - a Black movie that contains many of the same elements as KKBB (crime-solving buddy duo, neo-Noir themes, pitch-dark comedy and so on) - is not only cut from the same cloth, but also didn't do so hot at the box office either, despite earning acclaim aplenty. If Popstar ends up being remembered as 2016's own This is Spinal Tap, then maybe film buffs will look back on Nice Guys as the Kiss Kiss Bang Bang of the year.Plus, who knows: if history repeats itself in other ways, then Nice Guys co-lead Ryan Gosling may finally wind up playing a superhero on the big screen himself (a la Robert Downey Jr. post-KKBB).Best 'Bad' Movie That Deserves a Franchise - WarcraftWarcraft the movie was derided by many critics and Warcraft/World of Warcraft players alike, even as other Warcraft fans defended it and many U.S. filmgoers... well, didn't see it, as evidenced by the movie's $47 million domestic box office gross. Even Warcraft co-writer/director Duncan Jones has confessed to feeling both "equally proud and furious" with how the theatrical cut of the high fantasy adventure game series-turned live-action/CGI tentpole turned out.Despite all that, the film's international box office take (particularly, that in China) has kept hopes alive that it will receive a sequel (or more) - something that the conclusion to the movie (heck, the entire movie) very much lays a foundation for. There are several reasons why Warcraft is deserving of a sequel too, despite being another "bad" video game movie in the eyes of many.Longtime Warcraft fans would be more than happy to tell you that some of the best storylines and characters in the original games are those that come after the events depicted in the first movie. Moreover, after so much of the first installment was spent purely on world-building, a second Warcraft film would have more freedom to prioritize narrative development instead. As mentioned, the fate of the Warcraft cinematic property is up in the air for the time being, but if a sequel is ultimately green-lit then it won't be taken as unwelcome news on our end.Best Sidekick - Steven Seagull, The ShallowsJaume Collet-Serra's Blake Lively vs. Great White Shark flick The Shallows is a lean, mean, entertaining B-movie thriller and made for a nice alternative to the various big-budget extravaganzas that were released in theaters this summer. However, the surprise standout of the film is no doubt Lively's "sidekick" (pictured above, center): a seagull that is stranded along with Lively's character after both of them are injured by said hungry shark - and whom is affectionately dubbed "Steven Seagull" by Lively in the movie. The character is played for about "99 percent of the film" (according to Collet-Serra) by Sully, a real-life seagull with a permenant wing injury that prevents it from being able to fly.While Wilson from Cast Away is the obvious point for comparison to Steven Seagull's function in The Shallows' narrative, the latter (being an actual living being and all that) forms a proper dynamic with Lively's character in the film and serves as more than just something for her to talk to while stranded away from shore. One might go so far as to argue that Steven Seagull even forms something of a personality through his interactions with Lively, which is all the more noteworthy when you remember that he is, after all, quite literally just an injured bird.Honorable Mention: Holly March (Angourie Rice) from The Nice Guys deserves a shot-out here, for doing her part to crack the case in the film - and for  making sure the movie's "heroes" (including her dad, played by Ryan Gosling) do the right thing without killing one another, along the way.Best Couple - Bebop & Rocksteady, TMNT: Out of the ShadowsEveryone has their preferred #RelationshipGoals and the movie/TV show characters who embody them. However, arguably no two characters in a Summer 2016 movie did that as well as human "errand boys"-turned mutant henchman Bebop and Rocksteady (Gary Anthony Williams and Stephen "Sheamus" Farrelly) in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows.To be clear, Bebop and Rocksteady go beyond being BFFs. These two bros-for-life have their own shared catchphrase ("My Man!") and are seemingly just happy to be in each other's company no matter what they're doing - be it battling giant ninja mutant turtles while tracking down extraterrestrial artifacts in remote jungles or chasing down a hockey stick-wielding vigilante at the command of their intimidating boss, The Shredder. Besides, how many couples are comfortable enough with one another to actively cheer each other for being as fat and slobbish as possible?Bebop and Rocksteady are much like Out of the Shadows itself: your own nostalgic love (or lack thereof) for the big, goofy, 1980s TMNT cartoon TV series that inspired them will color your perception of how enjoyable (or not) the characters and the movie they're in actually is. However, for us, there were no couple with a healthier relationship featured in a movie this summer.Best Movie-Stealer - Jillian Holtzmann, GhostbustersThere was many a great character introduced to the big screen in this year's batch of summer movies, be they live-action (ex. Black Panther in Captain America: Civil War) or animated (ex. Hank the Octopus from Finding Dory) in nature. However, there was one character in particular who was good enough to all-but steal the entire movie they were in; namely, Jillian Holtzmann from Ghostbusters. The delightfully off-beat scientist, as brought to life by frequent Saturday Night Live standout Kate McKinnon, could perhaps be summarized as a cross between a silent film comedy character like Charlie Chaplin's The Tramp and Groucho Marx - but at the same time, 100% McKinnon.However one felt about this year's Ghostbusters reboot (and the majority of those who actually saw the film did enjoy it), everyone seems to agree that Holtzmann is one of the highlights and a standout in director Paul Feig's paranormal comedy. Whether Holtzmann was cooking up shiny ghost-busting technology, kicking lots of supernatural butt during the action-packed finale or flirting with Kristen Wiig as Erin Gilbert (and yes, Feig has confirmed that she was flirting), there was nary a moment that she didn't shine during the film. One only hopes that we get to see Holtzmann again, in some form or another.Honorable Mention: The unhinged rabbit Snowball (Kevin Hart) easily stands out as the highlight among the many animal characters of The Secret Life of Pets. One can only imagine what sort of shenanigans Holtzmann and Snowball would get up to, were the pair of them to join forces. (There's still the animated Ghostbusters movie - just saying.)Best Post-Credits Scene - Everybody Wants Some!!Mid-credits and/or end-credits sequences are common practice for superhero movies these days, be they of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, DC Extended Universe and/or X-Men Cinematic Universe variety. These shared universe comic book movies credits scenes set up important characters and/or tease key developments from upcoming installments.Outside of the superhero genre though, credit sequences typically take on the form of blooper reels or, on rare occasions, an epilogue or "bonus scene". This year's Ghostbusters, for instance, played a deftly-choreographed "cut scene" in the backdrop of its end credits for the viewing pleasure of those moviegoers who were still hanging around in the theater. And then you have Everybody Wants Some!!, writer/director Richard Linklater's followup to the Oscar-winning Boyhood and the "spiritual sequel" to Linklater's 1990s cult hit, Dazed and Confused.The film chronicles the antics of a Texas college baseball team over the course of the final few days of the summer before the fall semester begins... until the credits start rolling and the main characters all spend three minutes performing their own individual raps. It's an unexpected end credits scene for certain, but given that Everybody Wants Some!! is something of an unorthodox creature (a funny and insightful character study disguised as a raunchy college comedy), perhaps it's fitting that it wraps up on an equally unorthodox and memorable note. (For those who missed it in theaters, you can watch the Everybody Wants Some!! end credits scene HERE.)Honorable Mention: The end credits scene in Finding Dory, for reuniting moviegoers with some old friends from Finding Nemo - and demonstrating that Finding Dory, like the rest of us, is #TeamGerald.Best Box Office Flop - The BFGNobody really bats an eye when a big-budget movie that earns a weak reception is also a bust at the box office - see this summer's Ben-Hur remake, for example. However, it's always disappointing when a generally well-regarded big-budget film struggles to attract the moviegoing masses, as happened this past July with Steven Spielberg's adaptation of the beloved Roald Dahl novel, The BFG.Critics applauded The BFG for Mark Rylance's stunning motion-capture performance (as the film's namesake) and how it reshapes Dahl's source material into a self-reflective work for Spielberg the aging storyteller. Filmgoers who did see The BFG generally enjoyed it (see the movie's A- Cinemascore) and the worldwide turnout for the film was decent. However, between The BFG facing stronger-than-anticipated opening weekend competition (more on that later) and being sandwiched between Finding Dory and The Secret Life of Pets while vying for the same family demographic, in hindsight it's really not a shock that Spielberg's latest couldn't even make back half of its $140 million budget at the U.S. box office.There's certainly a possibility that The BFG will be "rediscovered" in the future and live a long prosperous life on the home viewing market. If not, well, don't worry, that Spielberg guy is probably going to be okay as far as his career and directing legacy is concerned.Best Expected Flop That Wasn't a Flop - The Legend of TarzanExpectations surrounding The Legend of Tarzan headed into the film's theatrical release weren't especially high - and with fair reason. Craig Brewer had spent some time developing the project with the intention of directing it (he's credited as the film's co-writer), before David Yates took over as director instead, some years later. The Tarzan reboot then went through additional production delays before it began filming, only for additional reports of behind the scenes concerns to emerge during post-production.All things considered, Warner Bros. Pictures seemed to be setting itself up for another Pan-level failure with this particular attempt to re-imagine and revitalize a long-standing property on the big screen. However, while The Legend of Tarzan didn't become a huge hit, it wasn't at all a bomb, either. Audiences who saw it seemed to mostly enjoy it (see the film's A- Cinemascore), while many critics gave it props for ambition - at the same time, taking it to task for being too big for its britches, in that same respect.Legend of Tarzan also performed much better at the box office than expected, far eclipsing its opening weekend competitor The BFG and having nearly doubled its $180 million budget worldwide in theaters to date. It probably won't be getting a sequel, but Legend of Tarzan is further proof that there's no such thing as a sure thing (even in a bad sense), when it comes to the box office.Best New Boogieman - The Blind Man, Don't BreatheThere have been some great new boogiemen (or, in some cases, boogiwomen) featured in horror movies that debuted this summer. The Conjuring 2 introduced a demonic nun (whose true name we won't spoil here) who left enough of an impression on studio heads to convince them to give the go-ahead to a spinoff film featuring the supernatural creature. Similarly, Diana of Lights Out was creepy enough to make everyone who watched the film extra wary of turning off the lights in their house (even in the middle of the day). It appears as though Diana will be returning too, now that a Lights Out sequel is reported to be in the works.Even so, the title of Best New Boogieman this summer is instead being awarded to Stephen Lang's nameless old veteran, a.k.a. The Blind Man, from Fede Alvarez's Don't Breathe. The reasoning is straight-forward: 1) The Blind Man doesn't need supernatural capabilities to terrorize his victims (unlike his competition) and 2) Also unlike other horror movie baddies this summer, The Blind Man is convinced that his actions are in the right - even after his logic takes him to some sick, twisted places (see those third act revelations in Don't Breathe that have proven to be a divisive point for many people).As for whether or not The Blind Man will also be returning in the future: without spoiling the ending to Don't Breathe, horror fans should know by now that no matter what happens, you can never keep a good boogie-person down.Best WTF Indie Film - The LobsterSummer 2016 may have been a rougher one for big franchise movies, but it was a very good one for lower-budgeted and/or indie cinema (see: Everybody Wants Some!!, Hunt for the Wilderpeople, Midnight Special, Hell or High Water and so on).With that in mind: it would be easy - and not altogether uncalled for - to declare Swiss-Army Man as being the best off-kilter (or, to use our lingo, WTF) indie film offering of the summer. Not many films could manage to put together a funny and emotionally-resonant story about a suicidal man and his (literal) farting corpse of a companion, after all. However, for this category, we're giving the prize to The Lobster instead.Yorgos Lanthimos' film takes place in a dystopian future where single people must either find a romantic partner in 45 days or be transformed into a non-human creature of their choice. Something of a cross between a Charlie Kaufman exercise in surrealism and a darkly comical parable that has a Wes Anderson-style quirky touch (complete with literary voiceover narration), The Lobster certainly isn't a movie for everyone. However, there's not been such a witty and well-crafted film in recent memory that found such a unique way to go about asking questions about the nature of monogamous relationships and what people are willing to do for love (or something that passes in the eyes of society for love).Best Under-Appreciated Sequel - Star Trek BeyondStar Trek Beyond certainly wasn't ignored at the box office - it's grossed $244 million worldwide to date - and it was well-received by both critics and general moviegoers, on the whole. At the same time, Beyond generated far less fanfare than one would expect for the Star Trek movie arriving in time to commemorate the franchise's 50th anniversary.Timing wasn't exactly on the film's side in some respects, as Beyond hit U.S. theaters on the same weekend as San Diego Comic-Con 2016 was taking place (and when it seemed like most people who were not following Comic-Con were at home watching Stranger Things instead). However, when all is said and done, Beyond director Justin Lin and his writers (Doug Jung and costar Simon Pegg) delivered what some would argue is the best installment yet in the Star Trek movie Kelvin timeline (read: rebooted continuity).Beyond likewise strikes a nice balance between harkening back to the franchise's history (recalling the feel of an Original Series episode) and delivering the sort of high-octane action and set pieces that the other rebooted Star Trek movies have become known for. The Star Trek franchise will continue to live with on with both the upcoming Star Trek: Discovery TV series and the announced Star Trek 4, so perhaps Trekkies at large will revisit Beyond sometime down the line and come to appreciate it as one of the better Star Trek films in general.Best Ill-Conceived Sequel - Alice Through the Looking GlassThe 2016 movie season brought with it sequels of the smash-hit (Finding Dory), mixed success (X-Men: Apocalypse) and disappointing variety (Independence Day: Resurgence). However, out of the followups released over the past few months, Alice Through the Looking Glass is arguably the biggest head-scratcher.Disney and director Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland was a huge hit at the box office in 2010, but the Mouse House failed to capitalize on that film's success and get out a sequel in a timely fashion. Whereas Finding Dory's belated arrival allowed it to tap into the nostalgia for its predecessor (something Resurgence at least aspired to do), Through the Looking Glass was in the awkward position of arriving too early for fan nostalgia to kick in, but too late for it to capitalize on whatever momentum Alice in Wonderland had. Couple that with other factors (Johnny Depp's diminishing box office appeal, changes in the blockbuster landscape over the past six years) and Disney's decision to move forward with Through the Looking Glass comes off as all the more ill-conceived.The sequel wasn't a complete bust from an investment perspective thanks to its international box office turnout, but that's not much of a silver lining. Through the Looking Glass' performances also raises doubts about next year's Johnny Depp-led Disney sequel, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, not least of all due to the parallels between the two (six years between installments, diminishing interest in the franchise, etc.). Will history repeat itself for the worse here?Best Character Who Needs a Spinoff - Harley QuinnSuicide Squad didn't exactly win the DC Extended Universe many new hardcore fans, but it did leave pretty much everyone agreeing on one thing: Margot Robbie's Harley Quinn is a great character who deserves her own movie. Dr. Quinn might not be a character who sets a good example, but she is one of the more multi-faceted and complicated women (people in general, for that matter) featured in a comic book film adaptation this summer. Whatever problems you might have with Harley and Joker's (Jared Leto) relationship in the Suicide Squad film could (and should?) easily be addressed in a spinoff, too.Although Suicide Squad has been successful enough at the box office to ensure that this isn't the last time we'll see the property included in the DCEU, its future remains somewhat up in the air. A Harley Quinn-focused DCEU movie that might also feature additional big-name female DC characters (namely, the Birds of Prey) is in some stage of development, but it's possible Warner Bros. Pictures/DC will instead move forward next with Suicide Squad 2 - Harley Quinn once again being among the main characters. At the least, we should be getting more Harley Quinn, one way or another.Honorable Mention: Captain America: Civil War's Spider-Man (Tom Holland) and Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman) are great characters deserving of their own movies too... but of course, their "spinoffs" were announced before Civil War even hit theaters.Best Month for Movies - AugustAugust is typically the weakest month in the summer movie season (especially the latter half), due to studios "dumping" their less-buzzworthy films and/or those that have "bomb" written all over them in the transitionary period between the prime blockbuster season and the awards contender-loaded fall/wintertime. However, whereas years past have featured maybe one August "gem" at best (think Guardians of the Galaxy), arguably August 2016 was the best overall summer month for movies, as far as their artistic qualities and creative merits are concerned (the box office be damned).Side-stepping Suicide Squad (readers no doubt know if they love, hate or have middling feelings about that movie by now), August brought with it quite the variety of critical darlings for cinephiles to choose from. Whether you were in the mood for an atmospheric Disney re-telling (Pete's Dragon), a beautifully-animated Japanese cinema love letter (Kubo and the Two Strings), a uniquely philosophical R-Rated animated comedy (Sausage Party), a thoughtful neo-western drama (Hell or High Water), or a slick and inventive horror/thriller (Don't Breathe), August offered some great options to choose from. Even the clear-cut genre film releases in August were some of the year's better titles (see Blood Father, Florence Foster Jenkins), allowing Summer 2016 to go out on an unexpectedly strong note.In fact, it wouldn't come as a surprise if more than one this year's August releases winds up gaining traction during the impending awards season too. Kubo and the Two Strings (and possibly also Sausage Party) is definitely a shoo-in for a Best Animated Feature Film Oscar nod at next year's Academy Awards ceremony. Not to mention, Pete's Dragon should be recognized for something at the Oscars, if there's any justice.-That's it for us. If you have any special 2016 summer movie shout-outs or "awards" of your own, let us hear them in the comments section!
Tags:
ghostbusters,
star trek 3,
captain america 3,
the nice guys,
suicide squad,
kubo and the two strings
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Thanks largely to Star Wars: The Force Awakens, 2015 was a record year at the domestic box office. Star Wars, though, was not the only dormant franchise brought back to life in full force, as Jurassic World hit theaters over a decade after Jurassic Park III, and grossed over $650 million at the domestic box office. In addition to The Force Awakens and Jurassic World, major 2015 releases included Avengers: Age of Ultron, Inside Out, Minions, and Furious 7, all of which grossed over $330 million domestically.Following the record-setting year, the question no doubt turned to how 2016 would fare. With major tentpole releases like Batman V Superman, Suicide Squad, Rogue One, Captain America: Civil War, and more, this year clearly had what it takes to set a new record. It was reported in November that 2016 saw the box office earn $10 billion in record time, and things have not slowed down one bit.Deadline is now reporting that the yearly U.S. box office has crossed $11.13 billion, besting the record set last year. The report doesn't just state that 2016 has set a new record, rather, it appears that this year is going to blow past 2015. According to Deadline, ComScore is predicting that when all is said and done, the 2016 domestic box office haul will be around $11.3 or $11.4 billion.While 2015 saw six films gross more than $300 million at the domestic box office, this year, that number has risen to nine. Suicide Squad, Batman V Superman, Zootopia, Deadpool, The Jungle Book, and The Secret Life of Pets all grossed over $300 million, while Captain America: Civil War and Finding Dory each topped $400 million. And don't think we forgot Rogue One. The first of the Star Wars anthology films currently sits at $340 million and is projected to possibly earn Titanic-like numbers. Senior media analyst for ComScore, Paul Dergarabedian told Deadline:"A strong early part of the year followed by a summer season that delivered solid returns despite a slew of sequels that underperformed, still gave the industry enough momentum to power a late fall and holiday season replete with strong offerings both big and small that gave us enough kick to post only the second-ever $11 billion plus year ever. And 2017 is likely to blow the doors off 2015 and 2016."Dergarabedian could end up being right about 2017, which features no shortage of blockbusters as well. In fact, it looks a bit inevitable that 2016 will hold this record for just a year, as 2017 sees the release of of two DCEU films, Justice League and Wonder Woman; three installments in the MCU, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Spider-Man: Homecoming, and Thor Ragnarok; and Star Wars: Episode VIII — all of which are poised to earn big numbers.What is clear, is that it has been a great few years to go to the movies.Source: Deadline
Tags:
deadpool,
captain america 3,
batman v superman,
suicide squad,
star wars: rogue one
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
It's that time of year again – the time of year in which the whole world pauses briefly to recognize the finest pictures and performances of the past 12 months. That's right, it is Oscar nomination time! With only a limited number of spots, however, chances are that at least one of your favorites did not make the cut.The Academy Awards are considered to be the most prestigious, or at least the most widely recognized, of all the film-based award shows. A nomination from the Academy is seen as validation for the months (and oftentimes, years) of hard work that went into these projects.This list counts down this year's most notable Oscar nomination exclusions – the biggest snubs from the 2017 Academy Awards. If a film, filmmaker, or performer appeared to be a lock for a certain category but did not get in, or if we simply felt like a particular picture deserved more recognition than it received, it was eligible to make the list.Here are This Year's 15 Biggest Oscar Snubs.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIt's hard to argue against the nomination of Denzel Washington, Casey Affleck, Ryan Gosling, Andrew Garfield, or Viggo Mortensen for their respective roles this year, but if any performance could, it would be Jake Gyllenhaal's starring turn in Tom Ford's Nocturnal Animals. The film has enjoyed a fairly successful award season run thus far, but the adaptation appeared to have come up short regarding Oscar nominations. After numerous Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild, and BAFTA award considerations, the picture received only a single nomination from the Academy – a well-deserved supporting actor nod for Michael Shannon, who turned in one of the best efforts of his career. (Interestingly enough, co-star Aaron Taylor-Johnson, who won a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor for his work in the film earlier this month, went unrecognized by the Academy.)The performances were certainly strong across the board in this intensely dark thriller, but Gyllenhaal arguably stood out among his cohorts by delivering a magnetic and emotional portrayal of the lead character. The only real argument against the actor is that this particular category is, once again, characteristically stacked. This year's crop of leading men are as strong a group as we have seen in recent memory; Gyllenhaal's unfortunate omission is merely a side effect of that fact.If the word originality at all plays into the decision-making process of choosing a "Best Original Screenplay" nomination, then it's tough to overlook Swiss Army Man. This indie darling made audiences laugh uncontrollably and enticed moviegoers to feel a wide range of emotions. Swiss Army Man is silly, irreverent, and endearing, often all at the same time. The somewhat polarizing nature of the film's subject material, however, appears to have affected its awards season potential.As delightful as many find this picture to be, there are a large number of critics (as well as average moviegoers) who find Swiss Army Man to be utterly incoherent and somewhat self-indulgent. While it can be argued that these "flaws" are part of the story's overarching message, the fact remains that this movie simply did not appeal to everyone. Whether we like it or not, universal acclaim plays a part in the Academy's voting process, and it's certainly an area in which this feature fell a bit flat.Also, a corpse farts in this movie. Apparently, not everyone finds flatulence funny. Who knew?Hidden Figures tells the untold true story of the African-American women who served as mathematical brain power for NASA's first space missions. All around, it's an inspirational tale anchored by excellent performances. While audiences may argue over which of the leading ladies – Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer, and Janelle Monáe – gave the best performance, numerous trades pegged Henson as a likely nominee for Best Actress in a Leading Role. In the end, Spencer was the only one of the three to come away with any recognition from the Academy (a nomination for Best Supporting Actress).Not unlike the Best Actor in a Leading Role category, its female counterpart is also filled with fierce competition. Isabella Huppert, Ruth Negga, Natalie Portman, Emma Stone, and Meryl Streep all gave Oscar-worthy performances this year and were rightfully recognized for their work. Casual moviegoers may be quick to swap out Streep for their favorite performance from a leading lady in 2016, but contrary to the ever-growing popular belief: actors, actresses, and directors are not (generally) awarded nominations based on their name alone. Some fans have written off her nomination, perhaps due to the fact that Forest Foster Jenkins underperformed at the box office, or (more likely) because Streep has now been nominated 20 times for Oscar gold. That being said, while Streep's performance may not go down as being the finest of her historic career, her work was widely praised by an overwhelming majority of those who actually saw the film.2016 was a standout year for visual effects. Marvel Studios impressed with their most aesthetically stunning film yet in Doctor Strange, and a Star Wars picture received an Academy nomination for the second year in a row in the Visual Effects category. Additionally, Disney dazzled (yet again) with one of the most visually impressive movies that audiences have seen this side of James Cameron's Avatar – The Jungle Book.  Perhaps a less ostentatious choice, albeit beautiful in its own right, is Denis Villeneuve's critically acclaimed sci-fi picture, Arrival.Arrival was primed to garner a ridiculous amount Oscar consideration, and while it did perform extremely well in terms of Academy Award nominations (amassing a grand total of eight), it may have left a few on the table. One area in which the film was expected to deliver was Visual Effects, but alas, no nomination was given. This is hardly the biggest snub of the day, but the denial of such a technically impressive endeavor is eyebrow-raising to say the least. More on the film's biggest Oscar snub in a bit.As the first feature-length film of writer/director Robert Eggers' career, The Witch is a picture that took audiences by surprise early on in 2016. With a February release date, this period piece horror drama wasn't exactly placed in prime Oscar real estate, but nevertheless, it remained among many critics' top films. The movie was considered more of a dark horse contender, but many of the feature's fans, as well as fans of the horror genre itself, hoped that the Academy would recognize The Witch as one of the year's finest.Some may argue that since the Academy is allowed to nominate up to 10 films in the Best Picture category, they should fill out each and every available slot. The nomination process, however, is somewhat more complex than that. With industry professionals voting for each respective category, and a fair bit of math being involved (that's right, math), the Academy is not allowed to simply insert a tenth film in order to max out the category if the numbers don't add up. That being said, if the Best Picture category were to add one more movie, The Witch would absolutely make a great addition to an already diverse group of films.Yet another film that made a name for itself in early 2016 was Hail, Caesar! – the 17th picture in the Coen Brothers' historic filmography. This love letter to post-war Hollywood struck a chord with an overwhelming amount of critics, but casual moviegoing audiences...not so much. At last year's halfway mark, many film journalists and insiders had Hail, Caesar! ranked among 2016's best, but as Oscar season marched on, the movie continued to fall further and further down the list. The film's cinematography, however, arguably still ranks among the top five from last year's qualifiers.Cinematographer Roger Deakins is no stranger to Academy Award acclaim, having been nominated a grand total of 13 times, but this living legend still has yet to take home any Golden Statues. While this category is filled to the brim with beautiful filmmaking endeavors, a nomination for this underrated Hollywood stalworth would not have been out of place.Seriously, 13 nominations and zero wins? And you thought Leonardo DiCaprio had it bad.Deadpool fans may not have held out much hope for any Oscar consideration a few months ago, but awards season has been particularly kind to the Merc with a Mouth. After receiving a nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay from the Writers Guild of America, fans and critics alike were holding out a glimmer of hope for a possible Oscar bid for the R-rated comic book movie. Unfortunately for Ryan Reynolds and company, Deadpool was omitted in favor of more traditional picks.Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds promised a “crazy reaction video” to a hypothetical Best Picture nomination, but regrettably, for superhero film fans, a nomination never came to fruition. Audiences are hopeful that the video will surface at some point in the near future, but until then, moviegoers may have to re-watch their respective Deadpool Blu-rays for a fourth or fifth time in order to get their much-needed fix.It was a good run, everyone. Really. Deadpool made an admirable effort there toward the end. The superhero genre has been met with more and more notoriety over the past few years in technical categories, and it's only a matter of time before a comic book film receives another nomination from one of the Academy’s more prestigious superlatives.The absence of Hugh Grant from the Best Actor in a Supporting Role category was one of the bigger surprises of the nomination announcement video. In countless Oscar previews and Academy Award nomination predictions from Hollywood insiders, Grant was a consistent presence in his respective category. While his performance -- and the film as a whole -- certainly flew a bit under the radar, a nomination was almost viewed as a sure bet.Yet another surprise (if you can call a Meryl Streep Oscar nomination a surprise), was the inclusion of his co-star's record-setting nod for Best Actress consideration on top of Grant's omission. Again, Florence Foster Jenkins was not a picture that fared incredibly well at the box office, but that does not generally matter to Academy voters. Grant has been a mainstay in the Supporting Actor category throughout this season, with nominations from several other Award shows, which makes his absence from the Oscar ballot all the more noticeable.Perhaps even more surprising than Elle’s omission from the Best Foreign Language Film category is the fact that it did not even make the Academy’s shortlist of the year's nine best foreign language films. Somehow, it wasn't even close to making the cut.Elle has been making waves throughout the entirety of awards season up to this point, garnering nominations from several respected Award shows. The Golden Globes has certainly not been the end-all-be-all predictor when it comes Academy Award nominations, but things were looking up for the French film when it took home hardware for Best Actress as well as Best Foreign Language Motion Picture. However, the film failed to earn an Oscar nomination for the latter category. Despite the picture’s notable exclusion, Isabelle Huppert did continue to receive widespread recognition, as she was nominated for a Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role Oscar.Since the Oscar nomination announcement video, much ado has been made concerning the omission of the Pixar sequel, Finding Dory, in the Best Animated Picture category. Its exception has been both praised and criticized, but there is perhaps another film in the category that deserves a second look.From the beginning of its stateside run, The Little Prince has not had the easiest road. Originally, the animated feature was slated to debut in U.S. theaters in March of 2017, but mere weeks away from its scheduled release, it was pulled from the schedule. Warner Bros. had decided to relinquish its rights to the film, and it was later picked up by popular online streaming service Netflix. Skip ahead a few months, and The Little Prince made an almost unnoticeable splash in the giant ocean of stream-worthy content, leaving most moviegoers virtually unaware of its existence.2016 was a fairly good year for animated features, but The Little Prince – a picture adored by critics and audiences alike (well, those who actually saw it) – deserves some love too. An Academy Award nomination could have served as great exposure for the film, but disappointingly, it departs with little more than a whimper.Silence is a film that has been virtually ignored by the vast majority of the moviegoing population. An article concerning this unappreciated film will surface every so often, but box office numbers have been absolutely abysmal. (It's barely made back a quarter of its budget thusfar.) Any buzz surrounding the picture has been silenced (sorry) from the beginning.Silence is certainly not a tentpole blockbuster that requires advertisement nearly a year in advance, but oddly enough, the first trailer for the film didn't surface until a few weeks before the picture screened in select cities on an extremely limited release weekend. Less than a month later, and Silence was playing to nearly empty theaters nationwide.Martin Scorsese may not be Christopher Nolan in terms of being a box office draw, but the filmmaker has been one of Hollywood’s best directors for decades, creating some of his generation’s most widely-revered pictures. And the fact that Silence featured standout performances from all three of its leads (Andrew Garfield, Liam Neeson, and Adam Driver) makes its Oscar snubbing that much more noticeable. It did manage to score one nomination, however: a much deserved Best Cinematography nod for the film’s director of photography, Rodrigo Prieto.Weiner has been pegged as a shoo-in for Oscar’s documentary category for months now. The film’s relevance in recent political affairs only made the nomination appear to be more likely, but as we now know, that nomination never came to fruition.For those of you who are unaware, Weiner is a documentary about a disgraced politician (Anthony Weiner) and his failed attempt to run for mayor of New York City. Given his checkered past, this documentary is able to ask important questions concerning the state of American politics: What matters more – the person or the idea? This film was captivating, even for those who are interested in neither documentaries nor politics. And for that reason, Weiner was nominated for a BAFTA, Directors Guild of America, and a Critics' Choice Documentary award, among many others.Not only did this documentary appear to be a sure-fire nomination, but it was also considered a favorite to take home the hardware by several experts.Sing Street is arguably the best coming of age film of 2016, as well as a reminder for moviegoers that La La Land wasn’t the only noteworthy musical to make it to theaters last year. If Damien Chazelle’s La La Land was a love letter to Hollywood musicals and L.A. dreamers, then Sing Street is an ode to ‘80s rock and roll, anyone who simply wanted to impress their high school crush, and every kid who ever started a band.John Carney’s film featured an incredible soundtrack of ‘80s-inspired original tunes, but its unforgettable toe-tapping anthem “Drive It Like You Stole It” is an unequivocal favorite. Not only is this song arguably the film’s finest, but it takes place during the visual climax of the picture. Nearly the entire cast of Sing Street appears for at least a brief moment in this final sendoff, in classical musical-like fashion. The production value of this scene is easily the biggest of the entire picture, and it doesn’t appear as though a single cent was wasted.This list has seen several names that were presumably “surefire bets,” but none more so than Amy Adams for her starring role in Denis Villeneuve’s sci-fi thriller Arrival. Aesthetically speaking, the film is gorgeous. Each shot appears to have a purpose, and each directorial decision feels intentional. Even when it appears as though nothing noteworthy is taking place within the scene, a sense of an ominous threat looms in the background. The supporting cast is phenomenal and the picture itself a technical wonder. That said, this film only works with an emotionally grounded performance from its lead, Amy Adams.The entire picture is seen through the eyes of the Adams' Louise, and her presence is felt in nearly every scene. There are moments in which the camera will gaze on Louise’s reaction rather than the event at hand because her emotional response is more powerful and more important to the story. Adams has nothing to be ashamed of here. This exclusion is simply one of the biggest Oscar snubs of the year.Be sure to catch what all the fuss is about when Arrival is re-released in theaters this weekend.There is little to be said regarding Martin Scorsese’s Silence that has not already been mentioned in a previous entry. It is simply a tragically underappreciated movie, and it appears that the legendary director's most ambitious effort in years (perhaps decades) will continue on flying under the radar for the foreseeable future.What at first threatened to be an underwhelming year for cinema ended up serving moviegoers more than a handful of fantastic movies. The Academy’s crop of Best Picture nominees is incredibly diverse and distinguishable from one another. Not one film on the list feels quite like another. That being said, it is incredible to think that a Martin Scorsese film -- especially one that was well-received -- is being shut out from any Academy Award contention outside of a single cinematography nomination.Silence may not be the year’s most pleasant movie, but its expert craftsmanship at the hands of one of this generation's great filmmakers is more than capable of standing toe-to-toe with any picture from last year. All in all, the Academy selected a fine group of films, filmmakers, and actors to represent the best of 2016, but it is nearly impossible to argue that Martin Scorsese did not deserve to be mentioned among last year’s five best directors.--Do you agree with our list? What are the biggest Oscar snubs of the year in your mind? Be sure to sound off in the comments section.
Tags:
oscars
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Production for this year's DCTV crossover, called "Crisis on Earth-X", is officially underway. Having the characters from all four superhero shows on The CW (Supergirl, Arrow, The Flash, and Legends of Tomorrow) come together to fight a common threat has become a yearly and highly anticipated event. The trend was first started when Barry Allen (Grant Gustin) appeared on Arrow before spinning off onto his own show in The Flash and has continued over the years to great success (and fun).Last year's crossover was titled "Invasion!" and dealt with the heroes taking on a group of aliens known as the Dominators. It wasn't the only crossover event either. The Flash and Supergirl had their own special musical crossover that let the actors show off their impressive singing abilities and won over fans with its heartwarming storylines.Related: No Plans For Another Supergirl/Flash Musical CrossoverTo celebrate this year's crossover event, Warner Brothers and The CW commissioned legendary comic book artist Phil Jimenez to create a custom comic book cover that takes inspiration from the classic comic book crossovers that have inspired the TV event. Executive producers Marc Guggenheim & Andrew Kreisberg expressed their joy over the image:We conceived this year’s crossover to be evocative of the annual Justice League/Justice Society crossovers we grew up with and looked forward to as kids. Phil was the perfect choice to bring the comic book cover iteration of this idea to life. You can count on one hand the number of artists who could compellingly represent so many characters in a single image. Phil is one of them. And his design invokes the cover of Justice League #207, which was the 20th Annual JLA/JSA crossover. Our ten year-old selves are in heaven.Jimenez also spoke about what it meant to him to be able to create such an image as both an artist and a comic book fan:Some of the first DC Comics I ever read were those insane crossovers with a dozen characters from alternate earths and dimensions -- the kind of stuff I later became known for! So when CW asked me to do an homage cover inspired by those amazing team up covers, I couldn't resist, the chance to draw all of The CW’s DC Super-Heroes in one crazy action sequence was insanely fun and exciting. And Romulo Fajardo'a colors brought everything to life!The Arrowverse crossover will take place across two nights on Monday, November 27th and Tuesday, November 28th on The CW. The logline for "Crisis on Earth-X" reads:With all of the heroes in town to celebrate Barry and Iris's wedding, villains from Earth-X crash the festivities with a deadly agenda.Because what's a superhero wedding without some uninvited supervillain guests?NEXT: Arrowverse 2017-2018 Season Premiere SynopsesSupergirl season 3 premieres Monday, October 9 at 8 PM on The CW. On Tuesday October 10th The Flash season 4 premieres at 8 PM and  Legends of Tomorrow season 3 at 9 PM. Arrow season 6 premieres on the show’s new day and time, Thursday October 12 at 9 PM.Source: The CW
Tags:
the flash,
supergirl,
arrow,
legends of tomorrow
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
NOTE: Box office figures in this post are as of December 27, 2017-With 2017 winding down to a close, it's time to take a look at some of the biggest stories that emerged at the box office this year. Over the past 12 months, a total of 719 films opened in theaters, all having varying degrees of success commercially. Collectively, the movies of 2017 were well below their 2016 counterparts, bringing in a total of $10.8 billion (as opposed to $11.3 billion last year). Numerous high-profile works came up short of expectations, which we'll explore in this space later.As always, there were a few noteworthy trends that were impossible to ignore, some of which could have longterm ramifications for the future of the film industry. Without further ado, let's start to unpack these, beginning with one film Warner Bros. would like to forget.Justice League DisappointsThe much-maligned DC Extended Universe has had a rollercoaster ride the past couple of years. Several of their installments have been very divisive from a critic/fan reception, yet despite the mixed reviews they all managed to be commercially successful. With Wonder Woman reigning supreme over the summer and earning widespread acclaim, many felt the franchise had reached a turning point. However, the arrival of Justice League seemed to prove otherwise, throwing the entire series into question in its immediate aftermath.There's no way of talking around this. Justice League underperformed dramatically, bringing in a DCEU-low $93.8 million in its opening weekend. With word-of-mouth as toxic as it's ever been (the heavily publicized reshoots, poor VFX work, bland story/villain), things only went down from there. Unable to handle Pixar's Coco, Justice League went on a downward spiral and currently stands at $223.9 million domestically. With more and more theaters dropping it, the ensemble piece will not be able to top the figures posted by Zack Snyder's Man of Steel (either in the States or worldwide). Projections suggest it will finish its run with under $675 million globally, meaning in the most superficial sense it will have hit the magic $600 million number it needed to be "profitable." Despite that, most are in agreement the film was not a box office success - considering all of the factors.Related: Justice League Was Not A Box Office SuccessUnlike Marvel's The Avengers, Justice League failed to truly ignite the DCEU and make it a top tier franchise in Hollywood. Films like Aquaman, Shazam, and Wonder Woman 2 remain on the docket, but from an outsider's perspective, there does not appear to be a plan in place for the future. There are doubts Ben Affleck will return as Batman, and a Justice League sequel has yet to be green lit (despite the obvious set up in the post-credits scene). For now, WB is sticking to their guns, but they cannot afford another result like this. The studio had banked on DC being their flagship property after the mainline Harry Potter series wrapped up, but they still have a long way to go.While Justice League came up short, the horror genre had a banner year in 2017, with several of the latest genre entries drawing in large crowds. The clear winner was IT, which capitalized on a severe lack of mainstream competition and glowing reviews to rake in an astounding $327.4 million domestically. The Stephen King adaptation broke September records en route to setting a new all-time mark for horror movies as a whole. Unadjusted for inflation, it blew by The Exorcist ($232.9 million) to take the R-rated crown and eventually bested M. Night Shyamalan's The Sixth Sense ($293.5 million). It's no surprise WB is moving forward with the sequel, which already has a release date.IT was arguably the most high-profile success story, but it was definitely not alone. 2017 got off to a blazing start with a pair of well-received hits from Blumhouse: Split ($138.1 million) and Get Out ($175.4 million). The former marked the full return of Shyamalan as a filmmaker to watch, punctuated by a fantastic performance by James McAvoy and a jaw-dropping twist. The latter announced Jordan Peele as a unique voice in Hollywood, blending horror movie tropes with biting social satire to create an interesting and entertaining look at race relations in society. Seizing the zeitgeist, Get Out emerged as an unlikely Oscar contender when awards season revved up. Annabelle: Creation ($102 million) and even Happy Death Day ($55.6 million) were also profitable considering their production budgets.Horror movies being cost-effective definitely had a factor in this, but there was something else that's more important. The ones we mentioned in this section were all quality movies, earning mostly (and in some cases, unanimous) positive reviews, which helped their commercial appeal. Simply having a minuscule budget isn't enough to do well financially. Jigsaw, the latest installment in the Saw franchise, seems like a hit at first glance ($102 million worldwide on a $10 million budget), but a deeper exploration proves otherwise. Because it was widely panned, the film was actually the second-lowest grossing film in the series, indicating interest in the brand is down. As the old saying goes, making good movies is the best way to generate revenue. It will be interesting to see if horror's hot streak continues in 2018, but that reads as a safe bet.Page 2: Franchises & Animation Come Up Short
Tags:
box office
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
2016, with its superhero-versus-superhero dramatics in the form of both Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Captain America: Civil War, proved to be one hell of a year for that increasingly dominant force in Hollywood: the comic book movie. Amazingly enough, 2017 promises to be an even stronger, more robust, and more diverse year, with a number of new releases that run the gamut from superpowered team-ups to all-out comedies.The good news is that it’s never been a better time to be a comic book fan; the bad news is that it can be quite a lot to keep track of. That’s where we come in, dear reader – we’ve been following each of the 15 films that will hit either your closest theater or your personal Blu-ray player, so that all you have to do is sit back, count down the days, and enjoy the show.Here’s our handy list, presented in chronological order. Tell us which ones you’re the most excited to see – and which new films you had never heard of before that you’re now interested in checking out – in the comments.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewRelease date: 02.07.17Cinematic universe: DC Universe Animated Original MoviesJustice League Dark has become a major point of interest for genre fans for a whole host of reasons. For starters, there is the fact that it will be the first Justice League-branded production to be rated R, but an even bigger one is the comic book source material that director Jay Olivia has to work with. After Enchantress (the big bad from this past summer’s Suicide Squad) defeats the Justice League, it’s decided that a new, offshoot team is needed, one comprised of the more supernatural denizens of the DC Universe and dedicated to defeating such otherworldly threats.The direct-to-video movie will feature a wonderfully eclectic cast, ranging from John Constantine (Matt Ryan) to Swamp Thing (Roger Cross) to Deadman (Nicholas Turturro), and it even features members of the traditional Justice League, headed up by the Justice League Dark’s founder, Batman (played by Jason O’Mara, who also portrays S.H.I.E.L.D. Director Jeffrey Mace in the Marvel Cinematic Universe).The final reason that diehards have been keeping an eye out on Justice League Dark is because of the related, oft-delayed live-action movie that just may be part of the burgeoning DC Extended Universe. Although it currently appears to be dead in the water, director Doug Liman has just recently had some encouraging things to say about the project. Should this animated outing do well, Warner Bros. just may be tempted to finally give the official go-ahead on its big-screen brother.Release date: 02.10.17Cinematic universe: Lego Cinematic UniverseAs if the smash success of 2014’s The Lego Movie weren’t surprising enough, the wholly enthusiastic response that the film’s portrayal of a jerky, egocentric Batman (Will Arnett) got made many sit up and take notice – particularly by Warner Bros, which was quick to greenlit a solo spinoff. The Lego Batman Movie is the result, and the trailers thus far have not disappointed.Then there’s the cast – Billy Dee Williams as Two-Face, Zach Galifianakis as the Joker, Michael Cera as Robin, and Rosario Dawson as Batgirl, among many, many others – and the promise by the film’s producers (and The Lego Movie’s directors), Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, that Lego Batman will be nothing but a 90-minute Easter egg of all things Batman, which is just sweet icing on what is shaping up to be a very promising cake.Given all the doom and gloom that is sure to appear in all the other comic book movies for this year, color us excited for a little bit of fun.Release date: 03.03.17Cinematic universe: X-Men Cinematic UniverseOn the one hand, the X-Men cinematic universe seems to be on a bit of a downhill slide: X-Men: Apocalypse underperformed at the box office, and the Gambit solo film has seen nothing but delays.On the other hand, however, there havebeen a lot of traction with a few spinoff projects: Deadpool was a critical and commercial darling, leading to development on two sequels (which will apparently introduce yet another side property, X-Force), and the solo Wolverine outings continue to generate nothing but excitement. This is especially true with Logan, particularly since it will be the final installment in the standalone Wolvie series – and, more notably, marks the very last time that Hugh Jackman will play the titular character.And what a way to go out. Logan is based on the Old Man Logan comics from the Marvel Universe, depicting an on-his-last-rope Wolverine who is humanity’s best remaining hope in a post-apocalyptic future (but aren’t they all in the X-Men universe?). The previews have been nothing but stunning, and the film seems all but certain to be one of, if not the, best chapters in the overarching cinematic universe.Release date: 03.24.17Cinematic universe: N/AWilson is, without a doubt, the biggest never-heard-of-that-one-before adaptation release of the year.Based upon the comic book by underground artist and writer Daniel Clowes (who was also responsible for the acclaimed Ghost World), the original graphic novel is actually structured as a series of one-page comic strips that all tie together to tell one larger, overarching narrative. While the film doesn’t feature such an idiosyncratic format, it does manage to convey the full essence of the misanthropic, loner, socially-awkward, and brutally-honest main character (Woody Harrelson), who ends up discovering that his ex-wife (Laura Dern), who divorced him 17 years previously, gave up their daughter for adoption and, thus, sets out on a journey to locate her.If the movie sounds iffy to your traditional superhero sensibilities, you owe it to yourself to check out the red band trailer – it promises to be not only the most off-beat comic book film of the year, but also, possibly, the funniest, as well.Release date: 05.05.17Cinematic universe: Marvel Cinematic UniverseOften described as the Marvel Cinematic Universe’s answer to Star Wars, Guardians of the Galaxy eschewed Earth almost completely and instead opted to fully embrace the cosmic side of the shared universe, delivering colorful, zany characters – and an infectious ‘80s soundtrack – along the way. Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. II promises more of the same, but with two key differences: first and foremost, it’ll add the likes of Kurt Russel and Sylvester Stallone to the cast, helping to answer such burning questions as who Peter Quill’s (Chris Pratt) mysterious father is; and, secondly, it’ll have absolutely nothing to do with the MCU’s ongoing mythology, such as the location of the long-lost Infinity Stones and Thanos’s (Josh Brolin) quest to track them all down and become, essentially, a living god.Both of these items make the movie stand out the most from the rest of its Marvel brethren (how else could you describe a film that features Ego, the living planet?) and, therefore, a must-see entry of 2017’s comic book entries.Release date: 06.02.17Cinematic universe: DC Extended UniverseAfter the strongly divided response to Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad, Warner Bros. is looking to steer its still-fledgling DC Extended Universe into surer waters, starting with its first release of the year, Wonder Woman.The Amazonian princess’s first solo outing is actually a flashback to nearly a century ago, when Diana Prince (Gal Gadot) finds herself swept up both in World War I, specifically, and the world of men, generally, before she gets burnt by the experience and turns her back on humanity, becoming the transient presence that we originally encountered in Batman v Superman. The different time period, the inclusion of what seems to be an all-star cast (starting with Gadot’s co-star and love interest, Chris Pine), the vision of the first female director of a major superhero picture (Patty Jenkins), and the greater reliance on a traditional adventure story and, even, humor all combine to make what just might possibly be one of the biggest releases of the year.Release date: 07.07.17Cinematic universe: Marvel Cinematic UniverseIt wouldn’t be much of an exaggeration to say that Spider-Man: Homecoming is the most anticipated comic book movie of 2017.Let’s start with the fact that Spidey has been one of the most popular – and profitable – properties since his big-screen debut in 2002, then throw into the mix Tom Hollard’s memorable introduction as the Web-head (and as a member of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, to boot) in last year’s Captain America: Civil War, and end with Michael Keaton’s presence as Homecoming’s villain and none other than Tony Stark (Robert Downey, Jr.)’s presence as Peter Parker’s mentor; that final shot in the trailer of Spider-Man and Iron Man swinging and flying, respectively, side-by-side towards the camera was enough to make throngs of fanboys swoon all by itself.There’s even an extra sweetener to consider: given that Spidey is going to appear as an Avenger in 2018, this makes his latest solo movie one of the last pieces of set-up for The Avengers: Infinity War. Is it possible to get even more excited for the film?Release date: 07.21.17Cinematic universe: N/AThe next space opera outing from Luc Besson after 1997’s The Fifth Element, Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets is based off of one of the most popular and longest-running (43 years!) French comic book series of all time.Called Valerian and Laureline, the comic is actually – and predictably – quite convoluted (you can check out our primer for the full lowdown), but, at essence, it follows a pair of “spatio-temporal” agents that traverse both space – as in the entire galaxy – and time on a variety of missions that mostly revolve around preventing other time travelers from creating paradoxes and, thus, erasing life as they know it. A heaping helping of ’60s-era politics and religious thought was embedded all throughout the series’s run, and while it’s unknown whether Besson has kept this vein alive in the big-screen adaptation, Valerian certainly looks like it’s keeping all the strange aliens, larger-than-life landscapes, and action-adventure beats intact.Release date: 07.28.17Cinematic universe: N/AForget superhero vigilantes, supernatural adversaries, or alien empires; The Coldest City is a traditional, hardboiled spy thriller, set in 1989 Berlin, right before the Wall’s collapse and the symbolic end of the Cold War. The film stars Charlize Theron (Mad Max: Fury Road) as an accomplished MI6 agent, James McAvoy (X-Men: Apocalypse) as her forced German ally, and Sofia Boutella (Kingsman: The Secret Service) and Toby Jones (the Captain America films) in supporting roles – a well-rounded (comic book) cast to bring to life the story of a “ruthless espionage ring” that’s started to hunt down and kill undercover spies from the West.Filling out the rest of the film’s bona fides are its director (David Leitch, the producer and co-director of John Wick and the second-unit director of Captain America: Civil War) and its source (a 2012 hardback graphic novel written by Antony Johnson, who has promised to make his espionage tale into an ongoing series).Release date: Summer 2017Cinematic universe: DC Universe Animated Original MoviesUnlike Justice League Dark (and most of the other direct-to-video Warner Bros. Animation films), Batman and Harley Quinn isn’t based on a seminal title in DC Comics lore, but, rather, boasts a brand-new, original story.As if that weren’t enough to get Bat-fans all a-twitter, the news that Harley Quinn’s co-creator, Bruce Timm (who also served as the co-creator and producer on such projects as Batman: The Animated Series and Batman Beyond as well as the co-director and producer of the DTV Superman: Doomsday), is the main force behind this DC Animated Original Movie should send viewers everywhere into spasms of joy.There is absolutely no other information currently available on the picture – not even a firm release date – which has left many to wonder whether Timm will stick with the traditional, Animated Series version of Harley or opt to pull another Batman: Gotham Knight, providing a take that is inspired by and narratively attached to Suicide Squad’s recent rendition. Either way, this should be one for the history books.Release date: 10.06.17Cinematic universe: N/AOkay, yes – technically speaking, Kingsman: The Golden Circle isn’t based on a pre-existent comic book. But this actually fits with the first film’s story, which was co-written by the director, Matthew Vaughn, and only loosely based on the famous Mark Millar’s and even more famous Dave Gibbons’s original comic miniseries. And given that Vaughn’s writing partner, Jane Goldman, has gone on the record as saying that the sequel’s story is even crazier than its predecessor’s, this is a departure that, perhaps, viewers should welcome with open arms.Here’s what we know so far: the cast includes the likes of Pedro Pascal, Jeff Bridges, Halle Berry, Channing Tatum, and, even, Elton John, alongside the returning faces of Taron Egerton, Mark Strong, and – in a mysterious move – Colin Firth. The plot sees the Kingsmen abscond to America following the destruction of their secret headquarters in the United Kingdom, where they team up with the Statesmen in order to stop the evil Poppy’s (Julianne Moore) dastardly plan.Release date: 11.03.17Cinematic universe: Marvel Cinematic UniverseThor: Ragnarok, the third – and, quite possibly, final – film in the Thor series, sees the God of Thunder (Chris Hemsworth) return home to Asgard to look into just who, exactly, might be attempting to hunt down and unite all of the Infinity Stones. Oh, yeah – along the way, he has to fight off the Ragnarok (Norse mythology’s version of the apocalypse), team up with the Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), and help be the direct bridge to next year’s The Avengers: Infinity War, most likely in the form of protecting the Soul Stone from being claimed by Thanos.There are a number of other elements of note, as well, starting with the fact that Natalie Portman declined to reprise her MCU character, moving on to the brand-new character of the Valkyrie (Tessa Thompson), and ending with the inclusion of the highly popular Planet Hulk storyline from the comics. In short, Ragnarok is quickly solidifying itself as the perfect follow-up to Spider-Man: Homecoming as well as the fitting prelude to Infinity War.Release date: 11.17.17Cinematic universe: DC Extended UniverseIn a year dominated by big-name comic book movies, all signs are currently pointing to Justice League being one of, if not the, biggest heavy-hitter of them all.That’s no small feat, but seeing the likes of Batman (Ben Affleck), Superman (Henry Cavill), Wonder Woman, the Flash (Ezra Miller), Aquaman (Jason Momoa), and Cyborg (Ray Fisher) – and, just maybe, Green Lantern, to boot – all on-screen for the first time together can go a long way to fitting the bill. Even better, a number of supporting characters from the previous four movies will make an appearance (including Jesse Eisenberg’s Lex Luthor), making for one of the most packed-to-the-gills films in ages.What has die-hard fans most foaming at the mouth, however, has been the repeated assurances from both Justice League’s cast and crew about how the picture will have a lighter, more fun tone, truly selling the awe and wonder of seeing all these gods and goddesses fighting together (and, it must be said, still fighting amongst themselves, as well).Release date: TBA 2017Cinematic universe: N/AWarner Bros. Animation surprised everyone last year with the release of Batman: Return of the Caped Crusaders, a continuation of the classic 1960s Batman television series in animated form, replete with key original actors returning to lend their voices to the proceedings: Adam West (Batman), Burt Ward (Robin), and Julie Newmar (Catwoman). (Another delightful surprise: it received a limited theatrical run just before its home video release, as well, making the movie even more of an event.)It didn’t take the studio too long at all to announce a follow-up, tentatively titled – of course – Return of the Caped Crusaders 2. While we have yet to receive word on a release date or a potential return to movie theaters, we do have one concrete piece of information, and it’s an exciting one: William Shatner has been cast as Two-Face, a character who never managed to make an appearance in the TV show’s three-season run. Here’s to hoping that’s just the tip of the hype iceberg.Release date: TBA 2017Cinematic universe: N/AValiant Comics is the biggest comic book publisher you’ve never heard of. Originally started in 1989 by a former Marvel editor-in-chief, the company went through a series of corporate owners (and bankruptcies) in the decades following before finally landing on its smaller, more stable footing under its current CEO and chief creative officer, Dinesh Shamdasani.Some of Valiant’s more popular titles include X-O Manowar, Harbinger, and Ninjak, but the flagship character, by far, has always been Bloodshot, a former solider who has been injected with billions of nanites that allow him to interface with computers, to possess a Wolverine-esque healing factor, and, even, to shapeshift – although he lost his memories in the process, propelling him on a quest of self-discovery and (what else?) revenge.In early 2015, it was announced that Valiant had signed a five-film deal with Sony Pictures, with Bloodshot naturally leading the way. Given the absolute dearth of information since then, it has led many in the industry to believe that the film will miss its 2017 release window, although there is still a slight case for optimism. At any rate, with the Marvel Cinematic Universe so dominant, the X-Men universe arguably fading, and the DC Extended Universe still struggling to find its voice, there has never been a better time for a new major player to arrive on the scene. Let’s just hope that Bloodshot can deliver – and soon.
Tags:
batman,
wonder woman,
justice league,
bloodshot,
wilson,
thor 3,
wolverine 3,
guardians of the galaxy 2,
lego batman,
the coldest city,
valerian,
kingsman 2,
harley quinn,
spider-man homecoming
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
2017 was all set to be a year to remember for Electronic Arts. The publisher was bringing back a number of beloved franchises over the course of the year, with releases such as Star Wars: Battlefront II alongside staple sports launches such as FIFA 18, UFC 3, and Madden NFL 18. However, the end result was far from what EA would have been hoping for, with the publisher's games remembered far more for disappointments and controversy than for quality.Although Star Wars: Battlefront II has been getting the headlines, thanks to a loot box business model that had such a poor reception that it tanked EA's stock value, it's not the only disastrous release that EA has had on its hands this year. Instead, that honor also goes to the latest game in the Need For Speed franchise: Need For Speed: Payback.Related: The Video Game Loot Box Problem Goes Deeper Than Star Wars: Battlefront IIThe Need For Speed series has a long and acclaimed history in the video game medium. The original game's 3DO launch in 1994, and particularly the subsequent releases for MS-DOS and other come consoles in the following years, offered up a refreshing and thrilling racing experience for players, marrying together great street racing with the thrill of escaping from the authorities. EA had struck gold.From then on, Need For Speed solidified its place as one of the most important racing game series, particularly through the first few titles developed by EA Black Box. Games such as Hot Pursuit 2 and the Need For Speed: Underground duo were hugely influential in the PS2 era, earning positive reviews and armies of fans. However, a few missteps along the way and an awkward always online 2015 reboot left a lot resting on Need For Speed: Payback.Unfortunately, the game was also marred by a bizarre design choice that stifled the game's potential. Rather than an always online requirement, however, Need For Speed: Payback's progression system was not just irritating, but instead entirely broke the way that the game functioned.Quite simply, Need For Speed: Payback's level up system is more akin to a freemium game than what would be expected of a top tier title from a major publisher. Although Need For Speed: Payback is chock full of content, a lot of it is fenced off from the player unless they have built their garage up to a respectable level to compete with rival drivers. Getting this level up system going fluidly, however, is easier said than done.Related: 15 Worst Sequels To Classic Video GamesThis is because Need For Speed: Payback's progression is effectively built around loot boxes. Players are left either spending real world cash, clocking hours into the game to get an entirely new car, or completing an arduous grind to unlock Speed Cards from events, which then randomly upgrade an aspect of the player's car. It's tedious and completely takes autonomy out of the player's hands, which leads to an extremely frustrating experience overall.It's not the only time that a Need For Speed game has tried a model that tempts players into spending money to save time. Mobile game Need For Speed: No Limits timegated races for 'refueling' for instance, in a move that was roundly criticized at the time of its release in 2015. However, Payback's position as a full retail release - and the expectations that came with it - resulted in a game-ruining mechanic that proved hugely unpopular.At the end of the day, Payback's loot box model effectively allows (and tempts) players to skip over gameplay in order to progress through the game. At its core, Payback is suggesting that the grind of unlocking these Speed Cards the legitimate way is pointless and - even worse - boring. In order to have fun, users are meant to avoid playing large portions of the game.EA and developer Ghost Games introduced an update that increased the amount of experience players received for completing events, but by that point the damage had already been done. Even with the changes to make the game less of a chore to complete, Payback's place in 2017 had already been given: a failed attempt to implement a potentially dangerous additional business model into the industry.Related: The Death and Rebirth of Single Player Games In 2017The most frustrating thing is that, hidden deep down, Payback is a solid racing game that addressed at least some of the issues from its 2015 predecessor. However, the game's flaws are impossible to overlook, and a racing game should never be anything other than an adrenaline-filled thrill to play. What's worse, Payback may have been the death knell of the Need For Speed franchise as a whole.Up next for Need For Speed is a free-to-play MMO called Need For Speed: Edge, but it's far from a franchise-defining moment, instead sitting closer to other EA free-to-play spin-offs such as FIFA World. On top of that, Need For Speed's previous foray into the world of the MMO, Need For Speed: Online, was hardly a cause for celebration and never gained the level of popularity that EA expected.To make matters worse, EA rarely lets franchises continue once a trend of disappointing releases is reached. One such example is the Medal of Honor series, where a push to bring the previously Second World War-focused property into the modern day resulted in two mediocre games before being unceremoniously dumped, with no releases in the franchise since 2012. At the moment, Need For Speed's only saving grace is the lack of another big name racing property on EA's books, but the publisher's move to close down Visceral and shift the development of a Star Wars game shows that there's only so far an established franchise can go.Page 2: Page 2: How EA Killed Mass Effect
Tags:
mass effect,
need for speed,
mass effect: andromeda
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2017 Golden Globes were last night and brought with it a major set of wins for Oscar favorite La La Land, as well as some big surprises - in the Best Supporting Actor category Aaron Taylor-Johnson's unhinged story-within-a-story psycho from Nocturnal Animals beat out favorite Mahershala Ali for his turn in Moonlight. Meanwhile Isabelle Huppert brushed past favourites Amy Adams and Natalie Portman to win Best Actress for her turn as a vengeful rape victim in Elle.But, of course, awards are only half of the glitzy night. Politics was front and center; Meryl Streep made headlines for her Cecil B. DeMille Award acceptance speech where she hit out against Donald Trump, while host Jimmy Fallon made several jokes at the President-Elect's expense, reigniting the criticism of his head-fluffing pre-election interview. The undisputed highlight, however, was the opening musical number, which aped La La Land's catchy songs with a host of the biggest celebrities and characters from 2016.For those of you who didn't watch the show and missed it, the whole clip of the Golden Globes' La La Land-inspired opening has been made available online, care of Fallon's official YouTube channel. You can watch it, above.For a five minute clip, it covers a lot of ground. We open with a pastiche of La La Land's opening number, "Another Day of Sun", with Fallon singing about the impending show with support from Nicole Kidman, Amy Adams (flanked by dancers in Arrival's space suits), Sarah Paulson and more before moving into a serenading of City of Stars (with whistle support from an always-game Ryan Reynolds and insert drunk Bryan Cranston), and, after a near-miss with Tina Fey, a Planetarium dance with a mocking Justin Timberlake.The highlights are the on-point TV references - Evan Rachel Wood in full Dolores getup, Kit Harrington snapping awake a la Jon Snow and a rap from the Stanger Things kids that resurrects fan-favourite Barb (flanked by her own troupe of swimming dancers) - but the whole thing, especially the first couple of minutes, is pretty funny.This awards season is the battle of the Jimmys, with Fallon's late night talk show rival Kimmel taking on the Oscars at the end of February. Who knows what he's got up his sleeve for the biggest night on the Hollywood calendar, but it's going to need to be pretty spectacular to top Fallon's La La Land.NEXT: 2017 Golden Globes Complete Winners ListSource: The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
Tags:
golden globes
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Last night's Golden Globes saw a fairly run-of-the-mill awards show, save for some technical hiccups and a noteworthy speech by Cecile B. DeMille Lifetime Achievement Award recipient Meryl Streep. Critics and fans alike were hardly shocked when La La Land took home seven awards, though there were a few upsets and unexpected turns. For example, the critically-acclaimed HBO series Westworld went home empty-handed and new comedy show Atlanta took home some key awards. You can check out the full list of winners here.Many consider the Golden Globes to be a kind of pre-game for the Academy Awards, so fans are already excitedly speculating over which films might duke it out for top accolades this February. With many comparing NBC's Golden Globes hosting choice Jimmy Fallon to ABC's Academy Awards MC pick Jimmy Kimmel, as both host late night shows for their respective networks, it's possible the Academy Awards will be another rehashing of the Golden Globes. Despite last night's fairly tame ceremony, though, a record number of people tuned in.According to The Wrap, early reports reveal that the 2017 Golden Globes saw a 2 percent uptick from last year's Golden Globes ceremony, in Nielsen's household TV ratings. While last year's Golden Globes show received a 13.0 rating, this year's ceremony earned a 13.2. A 2 percent difference may not seem noteworthy out of context, but it actually indicates a prominent spike in viewership, especially for an awards show. The ceremonies have seen a significant decrease in popularity in recent years, with prominent shows like the Oscars and Emmys down 6 percent and 3 percent, respectively, in 2016.This ratings boost comes as somewhat of a surprise, given criticism of Fallon's hosting job. It likely indicates overwhelming fan interest in the nominees, as followers of dark horses like Deadpool or Stranger Things may have tuned in just to see their favorite works battle it out. This renewed interest in film awards also makes sense, since 2016 saw a record year at the box office. With widespread interest in movies at an all time high, it follows that moviegoers would want to see which films take home the gold. While the Golden Globes also acknowledge excellent TV programs from the past year, much of the show's buzz goes into its movie picks, since the awards take place months after the fall's Emmy awards.As we head into the Oscars, with nominations coming in but a couple weeks, it's nice to see a renewed cultural interest in filmmaking awards. Not only do these increased ratings show that NBC did well with the show (despite a confounding inability to stream the awards on their own site), they indicate a respect for critical acknowledgement overall. As more and more people join conversations about film, the wall between the Hollywood elite and casual viewers grows thinner. At the same time, these numbers also show tacit approval for institutions like HFPA and the Academy, whose awards picks are often overwhelmingly white, male, and heterosexual. In that respect, this year's Golden Globes ceremony certainly failed to break the mold.At the end of the day, it's still nice to see increased interest in film and media -- perhaps all that's missing, now, are more opportunities for viewers to make their voices heard.Oscar nominations will be announced Tuesday, Jan. 24. The 89th Academy Awards take place at 8:30 p.m. on Sunday, Feb. 26 on ABC.Source: The Wrap
Tags:
golden globes
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2017 Golden Globes list of nominees include a number of critically-acclaimed titles on the movie side, ranging from Damien Chazelle's musical throwback La La Land to Barry Jenkins' indie drama Moonlight, to Mel Gibson's grisly WWII biopic Hacksaw Ridge and even Tim Miller's raunchy superhero action/comedy, Deadpool. Elsewhere, on the TV side of the equation, newbie small screen hits like FX's subversive comedy series Atlanta and HBO's western/sci-fi drama program Westworld are going toe to toe with such seasoned competitors as Amazon's Mozart in the Jungle and HBO's own medieval fantasy series Game of Thrones, respectively.Jimmy Fallon is serving as host for the 74th Annual Golden Globes awards ceremony this year, with the event (per tradition) taking place at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, California. While there appear to be some surefire bets regarding what will win which awards under Fallon's term hosting the Golden Globes (for example, heading into the ceremony, American Crime Story: The People v. O.J. Simpson was the favorite to clean up in the limited TV series categories), one can never be too certain about what the Hollywood Foreign Press Association will pick as the best of the best in film and television for any given year.The complete list of winners at the 2017 Golden Globes ceremony (in the film, TV and limited TV series/TV movie categories) has now been officially revealed. You can read through the full list of nominees and winners from the event below and then, if you like, let us know your thoughts concerning this year's Golden Globes presenters and overall ceremony (as well as which movies and TV shows did and did not win Globes), in the comments section of this article.-Hacksaw RidgeHell or High WaterLionManchester by the SeaWINNER: Moonlight20th Century WomenFlorence Foster JenkinsDeadpoolWINNER: La La LandSing StreetAmy Adams, ArrivalJessica Chastain, Miss SloaneWINNER: Isabelle Huppert, ElleRuth Negga, LovingNatalie Portman, JackieAnnette Bening, 20th Century WomenLily Collins, Rules Don’t ApplyHailee Steinfeld, The Edge of SeventeenWINNER: Emma Stone, La La LandMeryl Streep, Florence Foster JenkinsWINNER: Casey Affleck, Manchester by the SeaJoel Edgerton, LovingAndrew Garfield, Hacksaw RidgeViggo Mortensen, Captain FantasticDenzel Washington, FencesMahershala Ali, MoonlightJeff Bridges, Hell or High WaterSimon Helberg, Florence Foster JenkinsDev Patel, LionWINNER: Aaron Taylor Johnson, Nocturnal AnimalsWINNER: Viola Davis, FencesNaomie Harris, MoonlightNicole Kidman, LionOctavia Spencer, Hidden FiguresMichelle Williams, Manchester by the SeaWINNER: Damien Chazelle, La La LandTom Ford, Nocturnal AnimalsMel Gibson, Hacksaw RidgeBarry Jenkins, MoonlightKenneth Lonergan, Manchester by the SeaColin Farrell, The LobsterWINNER: Ryan Gosling, La La LandHugh Grant, Florence Foster JenkinsJonah Hill, War DogsRyan Reynolds, DeadpoolWINNER: La La LandNocturnal AnimalsMoonlightManchester by the SeaHell or High WaterMoonlightWINNER: La La LandArrivalLionHidden FiguresKubo and the Two StringsMoanaMy Life as a ZucchiniSingWINNER: Zootopia“Can’t Stop the Feeling”, TrollsWINNER: “City of Stars”, La La Land“Faith”, Sing“Gold”, Gold“How Far I’ll Go”, MoanaDivinesWINNER: ElleNerudaThe SalesmanToni ErdmannWINNER: The CrownGame of ThronesStranger ThingsThis Is UsWestworldWINNER: AtlantaBlackishMozart in the JungleTransparentVeepAmerican CrimeThe DresserThe Night ManagerThe Night OfWINNER: The People v. O.J.: American Crime StoryRami Malek, Mr. RobotBob Odenkirk, Better Call SaulMatthew Rhys, The AmericansLiev Schreiber, Ray DonovanWINNER: Billy Bob Thornton, GoliathAnthony Anderson, BlackishGael Garcia Bernal, Mozart in the JungleWINNER: Donald Glover, AtlantaNick Nolte, GravesJeffrey Tambor, TransparentRiz Ahmed, The Night OfBryan Cranston, All the WayWINNER: Tom Hiddleston, The Night ManagerCourtney B. Vance, The People v. O.J.: American Crime StoryJohn Turturro, The Night OfSterling K. Brown, The People v. O.J.: American Crime StoryWINNER: Hugh Laurie, The Night ManagerJohn Lithgow, The CrownChristian Slater, Mr. RobotJohn Travolta, The People v. O.J.: American Crime StoryCaitriona Balfe, OutlanderWINNER: Claire Foy, The CrownKeri Russell, The AmericansWinona Ryder, Stranger ThingsEvan Rachel Wood, WestworldWINNER: Olivia Coleman, The Night ManagerLena Headey, Game of ThronesChrissy Metz, This Is UsMandy Moore, This Is UsThandie Newton, WestworldFelicity Huffman, American CrimeRiley Keough, The Girlfriend ExperienceWINNER: Sarah Paulson, The People v. O.J.: American Crime StoryCharlotte Rampling, London SpyKerry Washington, ConfirmationRachel Bloom, Crazy Ex-GirlfriendJulia Louis-Dreyfus, VeepSarah Jessica Parker, DivorceIssa Rae, InsecureGina Rodriguez, Jane the VirginWINNER: Tracee Ellis Ross, Blackish
Tags:
golden globes
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
This morning the 69th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were announced, and the list includes a number of new shows and plenty of returning favorites. Emmy voters are nothing if not committed to the series and the performers they like, and who have taken home awards before. As such, it was no surprise to see Julia Louis-Dreyfus nominated once again for her role as Selina Meyer in HBO's perennial Emmy nominee/winner Veep. It was, however, nice to see some newcomers.Of course, there was more room for a few new nominees this year because of Game of Thrones' later-than-usual start. That means the series that has taken home one the biggest awards recently won't be competing, giving voters a chance to let in some new blood or recognize a series that has gone overlooked for too long. However, instead of nominating deserving series like The Leftovers -- especially after the amazing final season it had -- the Television Academy chose to acknowledge genre newcomers, like Stranger Things and, surprisingly, Westworld. The latter certainly seems to fill the void left by the absence of HBO's current reigning king, and it bodes well for that show's future as a potential blockbuster replacement once GoT has come to an end.While it's debatable whether or not Stranger Things should be on the list, its presence sets Netlix up for dominance as far as Outstanding Drama is concerned. With three of the seven nominees in that category coming from the streaming giant, including The Crown and House of Cards (it's time to move on from that one, guys and gals of the Academy), as well as two in comedy, Netflix is sitting pretty this year.And now, here is the list of the 69th Annual Primetime Emmy Nominees:Better Call Saul (AMC)The Crown (Netflix)The Handmaid's Tale (Hulu)House of Cards (Netflix)Stranger Things (Netflix)This Is Us (NBC)Westworld (HBO)Elisabeth Moss (The Handmaid's Tale)Keri Russell (The Americans)Evan Rachel Wood (Westworld)Claire Foy (The Crown)Robin Wright (House of Cards)Viola Davis (How To Get Away With Murder)Sterling K. Brown (This Is Us)Anthony Hopkins (Westworld)Bob Odenkirk (Better Call Saul)Matthew Rhys (The Americans)Leiv Schreiber (Ray Donovan)Milo Ventimiglia (This Is Us)Kevin Spacey (House of Cards)Ann Dowd (The Handmaid's Tale)Samira Wiley (The Handmaid's Tale)Uzo Aduba (Orange is the New Black)Millie Bobby Brown (Stranger Things)Chrissy Metz (This Is Us)Thandie Newton (Westworld)Alexander Skarsgard (Big Little Lies)David Thewlis (Fargo)Alfred Molina (FEUD)Stanley Tucci (FEUD)Bill Camp (The Night Of)Michael Kenneth Williams (The Night Of)Laura Dern (Big Little Lies)Shailene Woodley (Big Little Lies)Judy Davis (FEUD)Jackie Hoffman (FEUD)Michelle Pfeiffer (The Wizard of Lies)Big Little Lies (HBO)Fargo (FX)Genius (National Geographic)FEUD (FX)The Night Of (HBO)MovieBlack Mirror (Netflix)The Immortal Life of Henritta Lacks (HBO)Dolly Parton's Christmas of Many Colors: Circle of Love (NBC)Sherlock: The Lying Detective (PBS)Wizard of Lies (HBO)Riz Ahmed (The Night Of)Benedict Cumberbatch (Sherlock)Robert De Niro (The Wizard of Lies)Ewan McGregor (Fargo)Geoffrey Rush (Genius)John Turturro (The Night Of)Carrie Coon (Fargo)Felicity Huffman (American Crime)Nicole Kidman (Big Little Lies)Jessica Lange (FEUD)Susan Sarandon (FEUD)Reese Witherspoon (Big Little Lies)Jonathan Banks (Better Call Saul)John Lithgow (The Crown)Mandy Patinkin (Homeland)Michael Kelly (House of Cards)David Harbour (Stranger Things)Ron Cephas (This Is Us)Jeffrey Wright (Westworld)Atlanta (FX)Black-ish (ABC)Master of None (Netflix)Modern Family (ABC)Silicon Valley (HBO)Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (Netflix)Veep (HBO)Pamela Adlon (Better Things)Jane Fonda (Grace and Frankie)Alison Janney (Mom)Ellie Kemper (Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt)Julia Louis-Dreyfus (Veep)Tracy Ellis Ross (Black-ish)Lilly Tomlin (Grace and Frankie)Anthony Anderson (Black-ish)Aziz Ansari (Master of None)Zach Galifianakis (Baskets)Donald Glover (Atlanta)William H. Macy (Shameless)Jeffry Tambor (Transparent)Anna Chlumsky (Veep)Vanessa Bayer (Saturday Night Live)Leslie Jones (Saturday Night Live)Kate McKinnon (Saturday Night Live)Kathryn Hahn (Transparent)Judith Light (Transparent)Louie Anderson (Baskets)Ty Burrell (Modern Family)Alec Baldwin (Saturday Night Live)Tituss Burgess (Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt)Tony Hale (Veep)Matt Walsh (Veep)The 69th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards air Sunday, September 17, 2017 on CBS.
Tags:
the americans,
fargo,
westworld,
better call saul,
emmys,
american crime,
master of none,
stranger things,
feud
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Oscars may be the most celebrated awards during this season of praise, but with that also comes the arrival of the annual Golden Raspberry Awards, otherwise known as The Razzies. In traditional fashion, Hollywood will be making their announcement for Oscar nominees tomorrow (January 24), but today we’ve been given the complete nominations list for the upcoming Golden Raspberry Awards, which marks the worst movies of the past year.Curators of the list are clearly no fans of the DC Extended Universe, with both 2016 movies entering into that franchise receiving multiple nominations, and in Batman V Superman’s case, grabbing the title of second most-nominated movie of the year. A little bit of a controversial choice for sure, as the film was certainly one that had its fans and caused perhaps the biggest divide in critics versus fans of 2016. The flick may have been panned by the official critics and review outlets, but when it comes to the legions of DC fans that went to see it, there were plenty who were impressed with the end result - especially after watching the extended edition of the film at home.Zoolander No. 2, however, is the movie that’s earned the most nominations of the year, with a total of nine that include Worst Picture, Worst Director and Worst Actor for Ben Stiller; unsurprising, when you see its score of 23% on Rotten Tomatoes. In the Worst Picture category it battles against previously-mentioned Batman V Superman, Dirty Grandpa, Gods of Egypt, Independence Day: Resurgence and Hillary’s America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party.Those behind the Razzies event explained in a statement that because of the amount of bad movies that came out over the past 12 months, an expansion was made in each of the nine Razzies categories; instead of their usual five nominees, there are now six. Here are all of those nominations ahead of the (un)lucky winners claiming their prizes late next month:WORST PICTURE – Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice, Dirty Grandpa, Gods of Egypt, Hillary’s America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party, Independence Day: Resurgence, Zoolander No. 2WORST ACTOR – Ben Affleck / Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice, Gerard Butler / Gods of Egypt & London Has Fallen, Henry Cavill / Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice, Robert de Niro / Dirty Grandpa, Dinesh D’Souza [as himself] / Hillary’s America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party, Ben Stiller / Zoolander No. 2WORST ACTRESS – Megan Fox / Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows, Tyler Perry / BOO! A Medea Halloween, Julia Roberts / Mother’s Day, Becky Turner [as Hillary Clinton] / Hillary’s America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party, Naomi Watts / Divergent Series: Allegiant & Shut-In, Shailene Woodley / Divergent Series: AllegiantWORST SUPPORTING ACTOR – Nicolas Cage / Snowden, Johnny Depp / Alice Through the Looking Glass, Will Ferrell / Zoolander No. 2, Jesse Eisenberg / Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice, Jared Leto / Suicide Squad, Owen Wilson / Zoolander No. 2WORST SUPPORTING ACTRESS – Julianne Hough / Dirty Grandpa, Kate Hudson / Mother’s Day, Aubrey Plaza / Dirty Grandpa, Jane Seymour / Fifty Shades of Black, Sela Ward / Independence Day: Resurgence, Kristen Wiig / Zoolander No. 2WORST SCREEN COMBO – Ben Affleck & His BFF (Baddest Foe Forever) Henry Cavill / Batman V Superman:Dawn of Justice, Any 2 Egyptian Gods or Mortals / Gods of Egypt, Johnny Depp & His Vomitously Vibrant Costume / Alice Through the Looking Glass, The Entire Cast of Once Respected Actors / Collateral Beauty, Tyler Perry & That Same Old Worn Out Wig / BOO! A Medea Halloween, Ben Stiller & His BFF (Barely Funny Friend) Owen Wilson / Zoolander No. 2WORST DIRECTOR – Dinesh D’Souza and Bruce Schooley / Hillary’s America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party, Roland Emmerich / Independence Day: Resurgence, Tyler Perry / BOO! A Medea Halloween, Alex Proyas / Gods of Egypt, Zack Snyder / Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice, Ben Stiller / Zoolander No. 2WORST PREQUEL, REMAKE, RIP-OFF OR SEQUEL – Alice Through the Looking Glass, Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice, Fifty Shades of Black, Independence Day: Resurgence, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows, Zoolander No. 2WORST SCREENPLAY – Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice, Dirty Grandpa, Gods of Egypt, Hillary’s America: The Secret History of the Democratic Party, Independence Day: Resurgence, Suicide Squad-The winners of each category will be announced on February 25. Stick with Screen Rant to find out the latest news straight from the Razzies as it becomes available.Source: The Golden Raspberry Awards
Tags:
zoolander 2,
independence day 2,
gods of egypt,
batman v superman,
suicide squad
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Screen Actors Guild Awards are accolades handed out in recognition of outstanding performances in both film and television by two committees made up of members of the very same union. While the awards don't seem to gain as much traction and attention as the Emmys or the Golden Globes, they are seen as a good indicator of how the Academy Awards will turn out, mostly because such a significant portion of those voting for the Oscars are also responsible for naming winners in the guild.And like the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, the Screen Actors Guild has plenty of favorites it likes to see nominated, if not win, again and again. This year marks the 23rd Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards, and though there were some fun surprises when it came to television – what with Stranger Things, Bryan Cranston, and William H. Macy taking home trophies – movies were more or less a re-run of what's been seen in the past few months, with heavy Oscar favorite La La Land landing another win for Emma Stone – though Denzel Washington wound up beating out her co-star Ryan Gosling for the Outstanding Actor honors.At any rate, here is the complete list of the 2017 Screen Actors Guild Award Winners:TVOutstanding performance by a female actor in a comedy seriesUzo Aduba, Orange Is the New BlackJane Fonda, Grace and FrankieEllie Kemper, Unbreakable Kimmy SchmidtJulia Louis-Dreyfus, VeepLily Tomlin, Grace and FrankieOutstanding performance by a male actor in a comedy seriesAnthony Anderson, Black-ishTituss Burgess, Unbreakable Kimmy SchmidtTy Burrell, Modern FamilyWilliam H. Macy, ShamelessJeffrey Tambor, TransparentOutstanding performance by an ensemble in a comedy seriesThe Big Bang TheoryBlack-ishModern FamilyOrange Is the New BlackVeepOutstanding performance by a female actor in a television movie or limited seriesBryce Dallas Howard, Black MirrorFelicity Huffman, American CrimeAudra McDonald, Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and GrillSarah Paulson, The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime StoryKerry Washington, ConfirmationOutstanding performance by a male actor in a television movie or limited seriesRiz Ahmed, The Night OfSterling K. Brown, The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime StoryBryan Cranston, All the WayJohn Turturro, The Night OfCourtney B. Vance, The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime StoryOutstanding performance by a male actor in a drama seriesSterling K. Brown, This Is UsPeter Dinklage, Game of ThronesJohn Lithgow, The CrownRami Malek, Mr. RobotKevin Spacey, House of CardsOutstanding performance by a female actor in a drama seriesMillie Bobby Brown, Stranger ThingsClaire Foy, The CrownThandie Newton, WestworldWinona Ryder, Stranger Things"Robin Wright, "House of CardsOutstanding performance by an ensemble in a drama seriesThe CrownDownton AbbeyGame of ThronesStranger ThingsWestworldStunt ensembleGame of ThronesDaredevilLuke CageThe Walking DeadWestworldMotion PicturesOutstanding performance by a female actor in a supporting roleViola Davis, FencesNaomie Harris, MoonlightNicole Kidman, LionOctavia Spencer, Hidden FiguresMichelle Williams, "Manchester by the Sea"Outstanding performance by a male actor in a supporting roleMahershala Ali, MoonlightJeff Bridges, Hell or High WaterHugh Grant, Florence Foster JenkinsLucas Hedges, Manchester by the SeaDev Patel, LionOutstanding performance by a female actor in a leading roleAmy Adams, ArrivalEmily Blunt, The Girl on the TrainNatalie Portman, JackieEmma Stone, La La LandMeryl Streep, Florence Foster JenkinsOutstanding performance by a male actor in a leading roleCasey Affleck, Manchester by the SeaAndrew Garfield, Hacksaw RidgeRyan Gosling, La La LandViggo Mortensen, Captain FantasticDenzel Washington, FencesOutstanding performance by a cast in a motion pictureCaptain FantasticFencesHidden FiguresManchester by the SeaMoonlightIt's tough to say whether or not Denzel's win means the Academy isn't going to go with the odd-on favorite in Gosling, but it's nice to see some surprises this close to the big awards show. The rest of the awards seem to line up nicely with how the Oscars will likely play out, what with Mahershala Ali, Viola Davis, and the aforementioned Stone landing big wins. It looks as though those categories are more or less locked, but then again, so did Gosling's chances. Perhaps there will be more surprises come February 26.Next: 2017 Oscar Nominations: La La Land, Moonlight, Arrival & MoreThe 89th Academy Awards will air on Sunday, February 26, 2017 on ABC.Source: SAG Awards
Tags:
moonlight,
shameless,
la la land,
the night of,
stranger things,
fences
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Though 2017 was a great year for superhero fans, it certainly had its share of awful moments. Thankfully, that awfulness shouldn't do much to derail the genre's onscreen success. 2017 was a big year for comic book television, thanks to the smashing success of Netflix's Marvel various series and The CW's Arrowverse, among others. Superhero movies thrived this year as well. The eight superhero films that released in 2017 (yes, we're counting Power Rangers and Lego Batman) have combined to bring in over $4.8 billion at the global box office. It's safe to say that the genre isn't going anywhere anytime soon.There were a few hiccups along the way, of course. While most of the year's superhero movies and TV shows were well-received by critics and fans alike, there were a few releases that fell well short of expectations. Justice League and Power Rangers failed to live up to the hype, while Marvel TV released a pair of absolute duds in Iron Fist and Inhumans. For fans that went into those movies and shows hoping for greatness, they were almost certainly let down.Related: Holiday 2017 Movie-Lover’s Gift GuideBut perhaps you're the sort of fanboy or girl that's a bit more invested in these projects than most. Perhaps their failures affect your mood a bit more than they should. If so, 2017 brought with it some truly devastating moments, moments that resulted in a string of angry internet comments and a handful of shower cries. It's time to confront the darkness as we take a look back at The 5 Worst Moments To Be A Superhero Fan In 2017 (in no particular order).Don't let its final box office figures fool you. Do not allow all the negative buzz that surrounded its production to cloud your memory. Before the public actually got a look at it, Justice League was about as highly anticipated as superhero movies get. It may not have had the same sort of cinematic build-up that The Avengers enjoyed, but make no mistake: fans were hyped to see DC's finest come together onscreen to save the world.Related: Warner Bros. Rush To Catch Up With Marvel Ruined The DCEUThat's why it was just so damn disappointing to see the reviews make their way online and substantiate nearly all of the paranoid thoughts you'd had about the film. The DCEU once again became a hotbed for controversy, and actually sitting down to watch the movie didn't help all that much. Justice League certainly wasn't a total disaster, but it's tough to say that it was better than any of the other superhero movies that released in 2017, save for Power Rangers. The potential for this one was off the charts; the fans (and the League itself) deserved better.Like Justice League, Marvel's Iron Fist had garnered its share of negative buzz before it had aired a single episode. Heading into its March debut on Netflix, hopes weren't exactly high for Danny Rand's solo series. Marvel had spent years trying to adapt this character to the screen. Showrunner Scott Buck's track record was far from sterling, and star Finn Jones wasn't inspiring a ton of confidence as a leading man. Regardless, the Marvel/Netflix dream team had already delivered two awesome seasons of Daredevil. Their Jessica Jones and Luke Cage series were certified smash hits as well. Despite all the negativity, you almost had to give them the benefit of the doubt.Related: Iron Fist Season 2 Casts Alice Eve in Mystery RoleIn the end, actually sitting through all 13 episodes wound up being the most negative experience of all. The storylines were as aimless as they were boring, and Jones' Danny Rand lacked any compelling qualities whatsoever. In short, Iron Fist thoroughly, thoroughly sucked.The Inhumans endured a long, difficult road to the screen. After a film adaptation that had been in development since 2011 stalled out, ABC took the reigns and reshaped the project into a TV show. Guess who Marvel hired as showrunner? Our old pal Scott Buck, that's who!Related: Inhumans Season 1 RecapSomewhat predictably, the series has proven to be an absolute dud. Critics and fans seem to agree (hurray!) that the show is lacking in pretty much every way imaginable. Virtually every facet of the show, from its blah-tastic design work to its melodramatic-but-still-somehow-boring characters, has been subjected to harsh criticism. Subpar ratings coupled with an overall lack of interest in the series will likely kill the series before season 2 gets the green light.But enough beating around the bush. It's time for the real question on fans' minds: which was worse, Inhumans or Iron Fist? We're just gonna say "both, both are worse" and move on. Sound good?Logan was everything you'd ever wanted from a Wolverine movie (sans comic-accurate costume, that is). It was action-packed, it was gritty, and it was bloody as all hell. After nearly two decades in the role, Hugh Jackman had finally been given the material he deserved. He was getting to go out on the highest note imaginable. As you walked out of the theater, all was right with the world.But then it sunk in. That was Jackman's last time playing Wolverine. Never again would he don the adamantium claws. That hyper-violent massacre in the forrest was the last time you'd see him going full berserker. If there was any shot of him one day slipping into the yellow and blue tights, that day had passed.Related: Hugh Jackman Wants to See New Wolverine Actor in the MCULife's last safety net had been stripped away. From this point forward, if you fell, there would be nothing there to catch you. The Wolverine is dead, and now, so are you. On the inside, anyway.We apologize for doubling down on a single movie, but it needed to be done. That damn mustache cast a cloud over Justice League that the movie simply couldn't shake in its 110 minute runtime. You can blame Paramount for not allowing Henry Cavill to shave for the reshoots. You can totally blame Warner Bros. for not pushing the release date. You can most definitely blame whoever the hell decided to put it front and center in the film's opening scene. But at the end of the day, corporate greed and poor decision-making cost Justice League its shot at bringing Cavill's Superman back to life as the truest version of the character to date.Related: Justice League (Almost) Delivers The True SupermanThe horrendously rendered CGI Supes was far from the film's only shortcoming. Honestly, his digitally reconstructed face may not have even been the worst example of shoddy special effects in Justice League. But when one of the two major talking points of your film (the other being the Zack Snyder/Joss Whedon debate) is how distracting your star's CGI'd face is, you know something has gone horribly wrong.Next: Top 10 Trending Movie Searches On Google In 2017
Tags:
marvel,
dc comics,
DCEU,
MCU
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Google recently unveiled the top trending actors of 2017, and there are more than a few surprises on the list. The days of AltaVista and Ask Jeeves are long gone, folks, and now that Google has well-established itself as the world's top search engine, it's fair to say that its search statistics paint a pretty accurate picture of the internet as a whole. Last year, for example, the presidential election and Pokémon Go ranked among the top trending searches overall. If there were ever four words to describe 2016, the "presidential election" and "Pokémon Go" are those words.2016's trending actors, meanwhile, helped encapsulate the year in pop culture. For every trending actor, there's at least one clear reason why people were searching for them so frequently. There's Brad Pitt, whose divorce from Angelina Jolie made waves in the industry. Marion Cotillard, who was rumored to have had an affair with Pitt, was also widely Googled in 2016. From Brie Larson (cast as Captain Marvel in the MCU) to Tom Holland (Spider-Man!) and Tom Hiddleston (dated Taylor Swift...also a moderately successful actor) -- across the board, the top trending actors on Google just make sense.Before we dive into 2017, keep in mind that these aren't necessarily the most searched actors on the planet overall. Rather, they're the stars that enjoyed the highest traffic spike in 2017 compared to the previous year. "Enjoyed" may not be the right word for some of these actors, of course.Kicking things off at number ten is the underdog of all underdogs, Tommy Wiseau. He of course is the writer/producer/director/star of The Room, perhaps the best worst movie of all time. Wiseau's star burned brighter than ever in 2017 thanks to James Franco's recently released film The Disaster Artist, an adaptation of the novel of the same name that chronicles the real life story behind the making of The Room.Somehow, someway, Franco managed to turn it all into a legitimate awards contender.One of the more depressing entries on our list may be a head-scratcher for some of you. Maia Campbell isn't exactly a household name these days, but she was a pretty recognizable actress in the mid to late '90s thanks to her starring role on the NBC/UPN series, In The House. Her star has faded since, and she hasn't appeared onscreen in over a decade.Unfortunately, Campbell made waves for all the wrong reasons earlier this year when she was caught on camera at a gas station asking for drugs in her underwear. The video ended up going viral. Here's hoping she gets the help she needs.Coming in at number 8 is a repeat offender from 2016's top search list, Tom Holland. The 21-year-old has quickly become one of Hollywood's fastest rising stars since landing the role of Peter Parker in the MCU, a role he reprised this past summer in Spider-Man Homecoming.Holland's wall-crawler will swing back into theaters next year for Avengers: Infinity War before pulling double duty in the red and blue tights in 2019, when he's set to appear in both Avengers 4 and the untitled Homecoming sequel.Stranger Things star Millie Bobbie Brown is another up-and-coming name in Tinseltown that you should familiarize yourself with. (Like Holland, she too was a trending actor in 2016.) Her breakout role as the soft-spoken telekinetic Eleven earned her an Emmy nomination last year, and given how well the recently released season 2 went, she could be in for another nod next fall.It might be a while before Brown returns to the role, but she's keeping busy. She recently wrapped filming on Godzilla: King of the Monsters, due out in March of 2019.Google definitely likes its young breakout stars, and 2017 brought a crazy new talent to the table in the form of 27-year-old Bill Skarsgård. The Swedish actor shot to fame with his fresh take on Pennywise the Clown in the recent horror smash, It. He must have done solid work in fans' eyes, as folks were clearly interested in learning more about the man behind the makeup.Before he reprises the role for Chapter Two in 2019, you can catch Skarsgård in another Stephen King adaptation -- the upcoming Hulu series, Castle Rock.Page 2: Hollywood Scandals, Superhero Royalty, And Actual RoyaltySubscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Google has recently released its top 10 search data for 2017.  Movies are always a popular subject for Google searches, and this year is no different, despite the troubles Hollywood has been experiencing at the box office.In spite of the release of Star Wars: The Last Jedi this month, as well as the success of several blockbusters like Spider-Man: Homecoming, Thor: Raganrok, and Pixar's Coco among others, 2017 is projected to fall below 2016's tally at the domestic box office. Summer was especially rough for Hollywood as several would-be tentpoles like King Arthur: Legend of The Sword, The Mummy, and Transformers: The Last Knight either underperformed or outright bombed.Related: The Top 10 Trending Video Games On Google In 2017Interestingly, the movies ranked below as Google's top ten most searched for movies 2017 are nearly all successes critically and commercially. Perhaps the lesson is fans generally tend to search more about movies they liked rather than movies they disliked or heard were bad.With this in mind, let's take a look at the top 10 Google trending movie searches for the year:10. DUNKIRKChristopher Nolan's ambitious World War II epic Dunkirk became the highest grossing WWII film at the global box office. The film starred Cillian Murphy, Tom Hardy, Kenneth Branagh, Mark Rylance and marked the cinematic acting debut of Harry Styles from One Direction.Using IMAX cameras to film 75% of the movie, Nolan depicted the heroic evacuation of 400,000 British soldiers from the beach at Dunkirk, France by jumping between three different timelines. The result was a nerve-racking and intense but rousing blockbuster unlike any other this past summer, which continued to cement Nolan as one of the most visionary and successful filmmakers in Hollywood.9. HIDDEN FIGURESDirector Theodore Melfi's Hidden Figures was a box office smash that told the inspiring true story of the brilliant but previously unknown African American women at NASA who helped launch astronaut John Glen into orbit and changed the course of the Space Age and of history.Hidden Figures received an Academy Award nomination for Best Picture, helping to add much needed diversity to the Best Picture race along with Fences, Lion, and the eventual Best Picture winner Moonlight. Hidden Figures also broke barriers for being a hit film led by a cast of African-American women including Taraj P. Henson, Janelle Monáe, and Academy Award-winner Octavia Spencer, who received her second Oscar nom for Best Supporting Actress.8. GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY, VOL. 2James Gunn's Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. 2 was the first of three Marvel Studios films this year and is Marvel's highest grosser at the domestic box office (though Spider-Man: Homecoming grossed more total worldwide). Vol. 2 reunited Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista, Karen Gillan, Michael Rooker, Bradley Cooper, and Vin Diesel, added Sylvester Stallone to the MCU, and pit the Guardians against Kurt Russell as Peter Quill's father, Ego.Guardians, Vol. 2 was a deeper study of the bonds of family for everybody's favorite ragtag band of intergalactic Marvel misfits, set to an eye-poppingly colorful palette and Gunn's choice cuts of his favorite 1970s and 1980s songs in its soundtrack. The result was both a rousing Marvel space adventure and an emotionally affecting crowd pleaser.7. BABY DRIVEREdgar Wright's Baby Driver was the fan favorite director's biggest ever box office hit and is a uniquely rambunctious car chase and heist film powered by Wright's eclectic soundtrack. Anson Elgort headlined as Baby, a professional wheelman under the thrall of a criminal mastermind played by Kevin Spacey, who falls in love with a waitress played by Lily James.With a fearsome band of criminals played by Jamie Foxx, Jon Hamm, Jon Bernthal, and Elia González, Baby Driver delivered an electric cinematic experience where sound and action merged together in thrilling sequences of chases and shootouts.6. LOGANJames Mangold's Logan marked the end of Hugh Jackman's portrayal of the Wolverine after 17 years, and they closed out the story of the adamantium-clawed mutant hero in grand epic fashion. Taking their cues from classic Westerns, Logan portrayed an old Wolverine and an even older Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart also reprising his role for the final time) taking a young mutant girl named Laura (Dafne Keen) on a fateful road trip.An ultra-violent, R-rated superhero tale aimed at adults, Logan nevertheless was a critically acclaimed box office smash cementing the popularity of both Wolverine the character and Jackman himself. Logan also was a rare superhero movie that left adult men in the audience teary-eyed at the end, and even received a black and white version called Logan Noir.PAGE 2:  THE TOP 5 TRENDING MOVIES ON GOOGLE FOR 2017
Tags:
wonder woman,
justice league,
it,
beauty and the beast,
baby driver,
guardians of the galaxy 2,
get out,
dunkirk,
hidden figures,
logan
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Google has recently been releasing its top search data for 2017, and it's not just the top trending actors that has been gaining interest. Instead, video games have been the subject of many a search on Google this year, as the gaming industry grows ever larger.2017 has been a massive year for video games, and so some of the top trending games of the year won't come as much of a surprise. Indeed, some of the most anticipated games of 2017 appear here, but there are also a few surprises along the way. Throw in some of the biggest video game talking points of the year, and the list certainly shows what's been important to video game fans in 2017. That said, there are some strange omissions, in particular Star Wars: Battlefront II and its loot box controversy.Without further ado, here's a rundown of the top trending video games on Google for 2017. However, do bear in mind that these are not the most popular games of the year by any means, but instead those that came up as Google's top trends for the year as a whole.Much like Jason Voorhees himself, the buzz around Friday the 13th: The Game refused to die down over the course of the year. Picking up an army of interested gamers prior to the game's May release date, the Kickstarter-backed title struggled at launch with server issues and a wealth of bugs that lingered for longer than Gun Media and Illfonic would have necessarily liked.Nonetheless, Friday the 13th's players persevered, and the charm of the asymmetrical horror title's gameplay managed to bring in the crowds, particularly with a steady stream of updates to keep gamers occupied and the searches coming. However, Friday the 13th still needs that long-promised single player mode.Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands brought back the Ghost Recon franchise this year for its tenth installment, and a lot has changed from previous entries in the series. The recent focus on futuristic warfare was gone, instead throwing players just two years ahead of present day, and the game includes what Ubisoft claimed was its largest open world to date.Given the expectations that surrounded the game, and the slight disappointment in the final product, it's not surprising that this much-anticipated game was a top trending game this year. Then, of course, there was also that controversy where Ghost Recon: Wildlands was criticized by the Bolivian government for its portrayal of the country.Although Assassin's Creed has always been something of a big hitter, it's taken the series a while to get over the notoriety that came with the buggy mess that was Assassin's Creed: Unity. Thankfully, Assassin's Creed: Origins was a much more stable - and fun - release than the recent games in the franchise, and the breathtaking vistas of ancient Egypt did much to capture the imaginations of the players.On top of this, the game also filled to the brim with secret content to keep gamers hunting down things to do in its open world. It also helped matters from a trending perspective that the game was subject to questions over the canon of the Assassin's Creed movie.Guerrilla Games' Horizon: Zero Dawn is undoubtedly one of the best games of the year. It delivered and enthralling gaming experience, with a compelling post-apocalyptic story and some of the best gameplay available on the PS4. As such, it's no surprise to see the title sitting on the list of the top trending games of the year.Alongside the game's well-earned reputation, there may be another reason why Horizon: Zero Dawn has seen such a spike in searches. After all, the game is chock full of secrets and Easter eggs, so there's a reason for even the game's most hardened players to hit up Google for some answers.A game from the Madden NFL series is a no-brainer for a list of the top trending games of the year. Madden is one of the biggest sports franchises alive in video games, and this year's entry was no different in terms of popularity from those that have gone before it, once again jumping straight to the top of the sales charts upon release.There was, however, something of a talking point in Madden NFL 18. The game introduced the Longshot story mode, a game mode that brought a character-centric narrative to gameplay that's normally affiliated with the world of the sports sim. The mode has split players down the middle, and as such it's even heightened the game's Google presence.Next Page:  The Top 5 Trending Video Games of 2017
Tags:
assassin's creed,
Resident Evil 7,
ghost recon wildlands,
injustice 2,
for honor,
horizon zero dawn,
destiny 2,
call of duty wwii
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2018 Arrowverse crossover - titled "Elseworlds" and featuring The CW DC TV shows Arrow, The Flash and Supergirl - unveils its first poster. Each year, The CW unites the heroes of its DC Comics-based television series for an annual crossover event. Starting off with only Arrow and The Flash, it's grown to include characters from Legends of Tomorrow and Supergirl. (Fellow DC-based series, Black Lightning, has not yet participated in a crossover.) However, this year will be a little different.The Arrowverse crossover is officially titled "Elseworlds," and it will only include characters from Arrow, The Flash and Supergirl. Meanwhile, Legends of Tomorrow will have a crossover with itself, but will sit out "Elseworlds." However, the 2018 crossover won't be lacking in heroes. It will also see the return of Supergirl's Superman (Tyler Hoechlin) - in a black Superman suit, no less - and introduce both Ruby Rose's Batwoman and Elizabeth Tulloch's Lois Lane. Now, the first official poster for Elseworlds has debuted.Related: What Elseworlds Means For The Arrowverse & BatwomanArrow star Stephen Amell unveiled the poster for "Elseworlds" on Twitter. The one-sheet features himself and The Flash star Grant Gustin swapping suits. However, they may not have only swapped suits, but entire superhero identities. In addition to the poster, Amell tweeted, "My name is Barry Allen and I am the fastest man alive." Take a look at the poster below.In a follow-up tweet, Amell assured fans the poster is real since, as he claimed, he's wearing the Flash costume while he tweets. See his tweet below.Based on Amell's comment along with the poster, it appears "Elseworlds" will feature the actor playing the role of Barry Allen aka. The Flash. That would mean Gustin will take on the part of Oliver Queen aka. Green Arrow (though, of course, at this point in Arrow season 7, Oliver isn't the Green Arrow). However, it's still unclear what "Elseworlds" means for the Arrowverse crossover. In the comics, Elseworlds stories are completely unrelated to the main canon. But, if the event is setting up The CW's in-development Batwoman TV show and they want the character to return for future crossovers, then "Elseworlds" must connect to the other shows' continuities somehow.Although this new poster for the Arrowverse crossover raises a great deal of questions, it provides few answers. In fact, perhaps the only answer it offers is in response to fans wondering if they'd ever get to see Amell and Gustin switch places - and the answer is, apparently, yes. As the two most established heroes of The CW's DC TV universe, and the stars of the network's longest running current superhero shows, The Flash and Arrow switching places undoubtedly intrigues fans. But, those hoping to see The Flash, Arrow and Supergirl unite with Superman and Batwoman on the "Elseworlds" poster may be a little disappointed.Still, there's plenty of time before the Arrowverse crossover kicks off in December, so a poster of the five main heroes teaming up together may yet be released. For now, fans can speculate about why Gustin and Amell have switched suits and identities for this "Elseworlds" poster.Next: Everything You Need To Know About The Arrowverse Elseworlds CrossoverThe Arrowverse's "Elseworlds" crossover event kicks off with The Flash on Sunday, Dec. 9 at 8pm ET, then continues with Arrow on Monday Dec. 10 at 8pm ET, and concludes with Supergirl on Tuesday Dec. 11 at 8pm ET.Source: Stephen Amell/Twitter
Tags:
the flash,
supergirl,
arrow,
batwoman,
elseworlds,
arrowverse
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2018 Annual Golden Globe nominations have been officially revealed, as presented by Kristen Bell, Garrett Hedlund, Alfre Woodard, and Sharon Stone. The frontrunners with the most nominations include The Shape of Water, The Post, and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, but it's difficult to tell where voters will lean. Get Out, which was released all the way back in February, has been one of the mainstream favorites in contention, but only managed to earn 2 nominations, while The Florida Project only earned a Best Supporting Actor nod for Willem Dafoe.The most surprising inclusion, however, is Ridley Scott's All the Money in the World, which risked some potential blowback following star Kevin Spacey's recent sexual allegation scandal. After recasting his role with Christopher Plummer only a month before the film's release, it managed to scoop up 3 nominations (including a Best Supporting Actor nod for Plummer himself).Related: Ridley Scott Explains All the Money in the World ReshootsAaron Sorkin snuck into the Best Screenplay category with Molly's Game, based on real-life "poker princess" Molly Bloom, competing against Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of Water, among others. Other notable surprises include a Best Picture nomination for The Greatest Showman and Best Actor nominations for Denzel Washington in Roman J. Israel, Esq. and Ansel Elgort in Baby Driver. The most noticeable snub was The Big Sick, which was completely MIA among the Golden Globe nominees.In terms of television, the nominees were expectedly strong. Despite The Handmaid's Tale sweeping at the Emmy's, it only earned 3 nominations, while Big Little Lies became the favorite with 6. Game of Thrones, on the other hand, walks away with only a single nomination for Best Television Series - Drama.One of the more notable snubs (despite earning a Best Actor nomination for Kyle MacLachlan) was David Lynch's return of Twin Peaks. Despite the critical acclaim, the show has been noticeably absent from mainstream award recognition.Here is the complete list of nominees:Best Motion Picture - DramaCall Me By Your NameDunkirkThe PostThe Shape of WaterThree Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriBest Motion Picture - Musical or ComedyThe Disaster ArtistGet OutThe Greatest ShowmanI, TonyaLady BirdBest Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - DramaJessica Chastain, Molly's GameSally Hawkins, The Shape of WaterFrances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriMeryl Streep, The PostMichelle Williams, All the Money in the WorldBest Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - DramaTimothée Chalamet - Call Me By Your NameDaniel Day Lewis - Phantom ThreadTom Hanks - The PostGary Oldman - Darkest HourDenzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq. Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - Musical or ComedyJudi Bench - Victoria & AbdulHelen Mirren - The Leisure SeekerMargot Robbie - I, TonyaSaoirse Ronan, Lady BirdEmma Stone, Battle of the SexesBest Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Musical or ComedySteve Carell - Battle of the SexesAnsel Elgort - Baby DriverJames Franco - The Disaster ArtistHugh Jackman - The Greatest ShowmanDaniel Kaluuya - Get OutBest Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in any Motion PictureMary J Blige - MudboundHong Chau - DownsizingAllison Janney - I, TonyaLaurie Metcalf - Lady BirdOctavia Spencer - The Shape of WaterBest Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion PictureWillem Dafoe - The Florida ProjectArmie Hammer - Call Me By Your NameRichard Jenkins - The Shape of WaterChristopher Plummer - All the Money in the WorldSam Rockwell - Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriBest Director - Motion PictureGuillermo del Toro - The Shape of Water Martin McDonagh - Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriChristopher Nolan - DunkirkRidley Scott, All the Money in the World Steven Spielberg - The PostBest Screenplay - Motion PictureGuillermo del Toro and Vanessa Taylor, The Shape of WaterGreta Gerwig, Lady BirdLiz Hannah and Josh Singer, The PostMartin McDonagh, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriAaron Sorkin, Molly's GameBest Motion Picture - AnimatedThe Boss BabyThe BreadwinnerCocoFerdinandLoving VincentBest Motion Picture - Foreign LanguageA Fantastic Woman (Chile)First They Killed My Father (Cambodia)In the Fade (Germany/France)Loveless (Russia)The Square (Sweden/Germany/Frace)Best Original Score - Motion PictureCarter Burwell - Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriAlexander Desplat - The Shape of WaterJonny Greenwood - Phantom ThreadJohn Williams - The PostHans Zimmer - DunkirkBest Original Song - Motion Picture"Home" - Ferdinand"Mighty River" - Mudbound"Remember Me" - Coco"The Star" - The Star"This Is Me" - The Greatest ShowmanBest Television Series - DramaThe CrownGame of thronesThe Handmaid's TaleStranger ThingsThis Is UsBest Television Series - Musical or ComedyBlackishThe Marvel Mrs. MaiselMaster of NoneSMILFWill & GraceBest Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for TelevisionBig Little LiesFargoFeud: Bette and JoanThe SinnerTop of the Lake: China GirlBest Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or a Motion Picture Made for TelevisionJessica Biel - The SinnerNicole Kidman - Big Little LiesJessica Lange - Feud: Bette and JoanSusan Sarandon- Feud: Bette and JoanReese Witherspoon- Big Little LiesBest Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or a Motion Picture Made for TelevisionRobert De Niro - The Wizard of LiesJude Law - The Young POpeKyle McLachlan - Twin PeaksEwan McGregor - FargoGeoffrey Rush - GeniusBest Performance by an Actress In A Television Series - DramaCaitriona Balfe - OutlanderClaire Floy - The CrownMaggie Gyllenhaal - The DeuceKatherine Langford - Thirteen Reasons WhyElisabeth Moss - The Handmaid's TaleBest Performance by an Actor In A Television Series - DramaJason Bateman - OzarkSterling K Brown - This Is UsFreddie Highmore - The Good DoctorBob Odenkirk - Better Call SaulLiev Schreiber  Ray DonovanBest Performance by an Actress in a Television Series - Musical or ComedyPamela Adlon - Better ThingsAlison Brie - GLOWRachel Brosnahan - The Marvelous Mrs. MaiselIssa Rae - InsecureFrankie Shaw - SMILFBest Performance by an Actor in a Television Series - Musical or ComedyAnthony Anderson - BlackishAziz Ansari - Master of NoneKevin Bacon - I Love DickWilliam H. Macy - ShamelessEric McCormack - Will & GraceBest Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for TelevisionLaura Dern - Big Little LiesAnn Dowd - The Handmaid’s TaleChrissy Metz - This Is UsMichelle Pfeiffer - The Wizard of LiesShailene Woodley - Big Little LiesBest Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for TelevisionDavid Harbour - Stranger ThingsAlfred Molina - Feud: Bette and JoanChristian Slater - Mr. RobotAlexander Skarsgard - Big Little LiesDavid Thewlis - FargoMORE: Seth Meyers to Host 2018 Golden GlobesThe 75th Annual Golden Globes will broadcast on January 7, 2018 at 8pm EST on NBC.Source: The Hollywood Foreign Press Association
Tags:
golden globes,
game of thrones,
baby driver,
the greatest showman,
darkest hour,
twin peaks,
fargo,
downsizing,
the crown,
get out,
coco,
master of none,
dunkirk,
three billboards outside ebbing missouri,
molly's game,
i tonya,
the shape of water,
stranger things,
glow,
the handmaid's tale,
feud,
phantom thread,
big little lies,
the post,
all the money in the world,
roman israel,
call me by your name,
the florida project,
lady bird,
mudbound
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2018 Golden Globe snubs included acclaimed comic book films like Logan and Wonder Woman, as well as the rom-com The Big Sick. Meanwhile, on the television side of things, David Lynch's Twin Peaks revival only landed a single nomination and found itself left off the list of best series nominees.The Golden Globes long have been more genre-film friendly than the Oscars, thanks to the split drama and musical/comedy categories. That proved the case again this year, with Jordan Peele's horror film Get Out snagging its expected Best Picture Musical/Comedy nod. Minor controversy of course erupted when the Globes said they would categorize the deadly serious Get Out as a comedy. The director himself first expressed dismay at the move, then later said he didn't care one way or the other.Related: Get Out & Wonder Woman Among AFI Movies of the YearThough Jordan Peele's Get Out received its Best Picture nod from the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, Peele himself received a snub as Best Director. Patty Jenkins also had received some steam as a possible Best Director contender for Wonder Woman but the Golden Globes didn't see it that way. After garnering some awards buzz, the R-rated superhero movie Logan seems to have fizzled, with no love from the Globes. There's still a chance for Wonder Woman or Logan to get a Best Picture Oscar nod but prospects are looking bleaker. Logan star Hugh Jackman did receive a Best Actor nod, but for his work on The Greatest Showman.On the comedy side, this summer's sleeper hit The Big Sick was the biggest Golden Globes snub. The movie's script by Kumail Nanjiani and Emily V. Gordon received no Globes love despite being widely praised. Greta Gerwig's Lady Bird received its expected Best Picture (Comedy) and pair of acting nominations (Saoirse Ronan for Best Actress and Laurie Metcalf for Best Supporting Actress). However, Gerwig herself received a snub as Best Director, though she did snag a nomination for her script.Criticism may be coming the Globes' way for some of their choices, especially in the Best Director category. In a year which saw female directors like Gerwig and Jenkins breaking out, the Globes nominated five men. Puzzlingly, the Globes gave a director nod to Ridley Scott for All the Money in the World over Gerwig or Jenkins (or Jordan Peele for that matter). Scott did yeoman work bringing the movie together quickly after dumping Kevin Spacey and reshooting scenes with Christopher Plummer. Still, there had been no buzz about the film before its surprise Globes nods.On the TV side, Twin Peaks received a snub in the Best Drama category despite tons of critical praise. The revival's only nomination came for Kyle MacLachlan for Best Actor in a Limited Series. HBO's acclaimed comedy Veep also received a snub from the Globes, as did its Emmy-darling star Julia Louis-Dreyfus.MORE: Full List of 2018 Golden Globe NomineesThe Golden Globes winners will be announced on NBC on January 7th, 2018, with Seth Meyers serving as host.Source: The Hollywood Foreign Press Association
Tags:
wonder woman,
golden globes,
wolverine 3,
the big sick
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2018 Golden Globes will live-stream on the internet for the first time ever. Each year the Hollywood Foreign Press Association gives out the Golden Globes in recognition of achievement in film and television. Former SNL head writer and current Late Night host Seth Meyers serves as host for this year's ceremony.Historically, the Golden Globes have stood as a precursor and sometimes-reliable predictor of the more prestigious Academy Awards. The ceremony itself was first televised in Los Angeles by NBC in 1958, then went national in 1964. The Globes ceremony has provided numerous entertaining - and uncomfortable - moments over the years, cementing its status as the more entertaining little brother of the uptight Oscars.Related: Golden Globes 2018 TV Predictions: Who Will Win, Who Should WinDeadline reports that the Golden Globes this year will be live-streamed on the internet for the first time. NBC has struck a deal with the Hollywood Foreign Press Association to offer the Globes ceremony via its website and mobile app. The Globes will also stream on various services including DirecTV Now, Fubo TV, Hulu Live TV, Sling TV, Sony PlayStation Vue and YouTube TV. Additionally, Facebook will stream this year's pre-show red carpet festivities.The move to live-stream the Globes comes partly in response to last year's social media backlash over a lack of online viewing options. As more young people eschew traditional TV, it becomes increasingly incumbent upon networks to offer alternative means of viewing live events. The Golden Globes are just the latest event to bend to the will of cord cutters.This year's Golden Globes could provide more controversy than usual owing to the current political climate. Host Seth Meyers, a noted critic of Donald Trump, will doubtless take some shots at the president during his monologue. The #metoo movement also will have its moment during the ceremony. Many prominent actors and actresses have pledged to dress in black in a show of solidarity with the cause of ending sexual harassment in Hollywood. One controversy already erupted prior to the ceremony when Jordan Peele's horror film Get Out was nominated in the Comedy/Musical category rather than Drama. Peele himself ultimately said he didn't care about the flap.More: Golden Globes 2018 Movies Predictions: What Will Win & What Should WinAs for the actual movies, Guillermo Del Toro's The Shape of Water has the most nominations at seven. The Post, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Lady Bird and Call Me By Your Name are among the other big contenders. On the TV side, Big Little Lies, Feud: Bette and Joan, The Handmaid's Tale, This is Us and Fargo lead the way. The Golden Globes air on NBC, and live-stream all over the internet, on January 7th, 2018 beginning at 5pm PT.Source: Deadline
Tags:
golden globes
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
2018 was a truly massive year for Hollywood movies, with several astounding record-breakers at the worldwide box office. But which films ultimately reigned supreme? And which have sneakily made bank? Here are the biggest movies of the year.2018 got off to a great start via the mega success of Marvel Studios' Black Panther, which earned over $1.3 billion worldwide. Black Panther is now the highest-grossing MCU film to date domestically, and the third-highest worldwide, behind only the first two Avengers films. Claiming the worldwide MCU crown is Avengers: Infinity War,  and several other superhero films also raked in mountains of cash, such as Deadpool 2, Aquaman, and Venom. If one thing's for certain after 2018, it's that audiences don't seem to be tiring of comic book movies.Related: The Biggest Box Office Hits of 2017Without any further ado, here are the 15 biggest earners of 2018. From giant sharks to rampaging dinosaurs to music biopics, the overall list is in many ways quite the odd collection of films. The only thing they all have in common is that audiences loved them, and went to see them in droves.Directed by Jon Turtletaub (National Treasure franchise), no one really expected The Meg to live up to Steven Spielberg's monster shark classic Jaws. With action star Jason Statham onboard, most just wanted a fun bit of popcorn fun, mixed with the occasional bit of horror at the hands of the titular prehistoric predator. Audiences seem to have mostly gotten what they hoped for out of The Meg, as the film has grossed over $500 million worldwide, despite not-so-great reviews (46% on Rotten Tomatoes). At this point, a sequel would not at all be surprising.Related: How The Meg Compares To The Real MegalodonThose who thought they wouldn't see any Chinese-made films up this high on the list were mistaken, as Detective Chinatown 2 is another sequel to earn massive bank in its homeland. About $2 million of its worldwide total was also provided by U.S. moviegoers. With 12 reviews counted, Detective Chinatown 2's RT score is 50%.Another massive hit from China, Operation Red Sea counts $1.5 million of its nearly $580 million haul as coming from stateside audiences. As China's film market only continues to grow, look for more and more of their homegrown releases to take high spots on lists such as this. With 6 reviews counted, Operation Red Sea boasts an impressive 83% score on RT.Despite lots of hand-wringing over its nostalgia-focused marketing strategy, Steven Spielberg's latest blockbuster adaptation of a novel ended up debuting to mostly positive reviews from both critics (74% on RT) and fans. Ready Player One has racked up $137.7 million domestically, along with a huge $445.2 million internationally.Related: Ready Player One: Every Change Spielberg Made To The BookComing as it does after the colossal success of Avengers: Infinity War, it's easy to point to Ant-Man & The Wasp as a financial letdown. After all, its $75.8 million domestic opening stands as one of the lowest in MCU history. However, as with most Marvel Studios movies, the reviews for Paul Rudd and Evangeline Lilly's joint superhero adventure were kind, and the film has managed to nearly quadruple its reported $162 million production budget worldwide. Helping the sequel's path to profitability is a huge $68 million opening in China, the country's fourth-highest MCU debut of all time.Related: Ant-Man & The Wasp's After-Credits Scenes Provide The Best Avengers 4 Clues YetDespite garnering a mere 40% rating on Rotten Tomatoes - the worst score in Harry Potter franchise history - Fantastic Beasts 2 doesn't seem to be having too hard a time drawing fans into theaters. The ongoing issues surrounding Johnny Depp don't seem to be effecting things much either. The Crimes of Grindelwald has earned over $600 million worldwide, turning a profit even when compared to the film's extremely high budget.Related: What Fantastic Beasts 2's Bad Reviews Are MissingConsidering how just tremendously successful the original Deadpool film proved to be in 2016, it was never really in doubt that FOX's sequel Deadpool 2 would do well at the box office. While Deadpool 2 didn't quite succeed in breaking its predecessor's record for highest R-rated domestic opening weekend, the gore and profanity filled romp did succeed in outpacing the first movie worldwide, opening to over $300 million. While Wade Wilson didn't settle in the top of end of this particular list, the Merc with a Mouth has absolutely nothing to be ashamed of.Related: Deadpool 2: Every Marvel Movie Joke & ReferenceHollywood A-lister Tom Cruise may not be quite as young as he once was, but that doesn't mean he's showing any signs of slowing down, especially when it comes to the insane stunts he performs for each entry in the Mission: Impossible franchise. His efforts aren't going unrewarded by moviegoers, which have propelled director Christopher McQuarrie's latest sequel Mission: Impossible - Fallout to box office heights faster than those achieved by Ethan Hunt's prior adventures. Critics loved the film too, awarding it a 97% positive score on Rotten Tomatoes.Related: What Could Mission: Impossible 7 Be About?While director Bryan Singer's biopic of Queen and its iconic frontman Freddie Mercury only did okay with critics (62% on RT), audiences worldwide have been rocked by Bohemian Rhapsody, which now stands head and shoulders above all prior music biopics when it comes to total gross. The movie took heat for changing around some key events in the band's history and Mercury's personal life, but when it comes to moviegoers, Bohemian Rhapsody is a champion, has successfully broken free, and found millions of people to love.Related: Bohemian Rhapsody's True Story: Everything The Inaccurate Queen Movie ChangedWhile many had their doubts about the potential success of a Venom solo movie that wasn't connected to Spider-Man, those doubts were unfounded as Venom blew past the record for biggest October opening of all time. Director Ruben Fleischer's film wasn't received warmly by critics (30% on RT), but fans disagreed, propelling the comic book adaptation to well over $800 million worldwide. Whether or not Tom Hardy will return to play Eddie Brock and the titular symbiote in a sequel is unclear, but it wouldn't be wise to bet against it.Related: Venom Can Still Fit Into The MCU (If Marvel Wants It)One of the biggest box office surprises to come out of the latter half of 2018 has been Warner Bros. and DC Films' Aquaman, the first DCEU entry to release after the critical and commercial disaster known as Justice League. While Arthur Curry's adventure did decently with critics (64% on RT), audiences have showered it with love, quickly rocketing Aquaman up to new worldwide heights for the DCEU. James Wan and Jason Momoa's aquatic epic now sits on a throne of over $1.1 billion worldwide, making it the highest-grossing DC movie ever.Related: How Aquaman Impacts the Chances for a Justice League Snyder CutAfter a nearly 15-year wait, Pixar's beloved superhero comedy The Incredibles has received a sequel. A hit with critics (94% on RT), Incredibles 2 is wasting no time climbing this list, as if it were leaping a tall building in a single bound. The Brad Bird-directed film has earned over $1 billion at the box office, easily outperforming many people's expectations. Incredibles 2 quickly vaulted past the first movie, both domestically and worldwide, vastly outdoing its predecessor's total gross of $633 million.Related: Incredibles 2: 11 Easter Eggs You Missed2015's original Jurassic World film has become a bit of an odd case, drawing decent critical acclaim and making ridiculous amounts of cash at the box office, but being bashed nearly any time it's discussed online today. While sequel Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom came up far short of fresh on Rotten Tomatoes with a 51% score, its financial prospects look almost as good as its predecessor's. With a $150 million domestic opening weekend in the books, Fallen Kingdom has banked a massive $1 billion-plus worldwide.Related: Jurassic World 2’s Ending: How It Sets Up Jurassic World 3At this point, industry prognosticators have learned not to bet against the success of an MCU film. Everyone knew Black Panther would be a seismic hit, but even so, few initially predicted just how insanely successful the Wakanda-set superhero adventure would become. Black Panther is now the highest-grossing comic book film of all-time in the U.S., and is gaining on that title worldwide. Critics also fell in love with T'Challa's solo debut, affording it a lofty 97% score on Rotten Tomatoes. When the inevitable sequel finally arrives, look for similar results.Related: Every Record Black Panther Has Broken<As the beginning of the culmination of 10 years of MCU storylines, it was never in doubt that Joe and Anthony Russo's mega blockbuster Avengers: Infinity War was going to make serious cash. Yet, the critically acclaimed (84% on RT) film actually managed to outperform most expectations, setting new all-time records for both best domestic and worldwide opening weekends. Infinity War knocked off The Force Awakens domestically with a massive $257.7 million haul, and has so far earned a Hulk-sized $2 billion worldwide. Avengers smash!Next: The Many Unanswered Questions in Avengers: Infinity War
Tags:
aquaman,
black panther,
the avengers 3,
the incredibles 2,
jurassic world 2
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
2018 is coming to a close, so the time has come to look back on the year that was for the movie industry. Throughout the year, a handful of films truly dominated the discussion and coverage. But, there were also several films that got lost in the shuffle and have wound up being largely forgotten as a result, or just never had the push necessary to get the exposure they deserved.Blockbusters like Avengers: Infinity War and Black Panther took over the first half of the year, while Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom and Mission: Impossible - Fallout controlled the summer. Now that the year is nearing the end, the surprisingly great final few weeks sees Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, Bumblebee, Aquaman, and Mary Poppins Returns enter theaters and the forefront of pop culture conversations. All of these latest blockbusters have been largely well-received, and the earlier mentions proved to dominate the box office as well.Related: The Highest-Grossing Films of 2018 (So Far)However, with so much attention going to the blockbuster titles, not to mention other tentpole movies like Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald, some other films can be forgotten. But with the amount of movies that come out every single year, there's a variety of reasons for why certain titles slipped by unnoticed, without the attention they deserved, or even to lesser acclaim. So, here's seven of the most underrated movies of 2018 - and a few underseen ones.This Page: Underrated Movies of 2018, #7 - #5Page 2: Underrated Movies of 2018, #4 - #1Page 3: Top 5 Underseen Movies7. Uncle DrewUncle Drew is the perfect example of a simple movie that knows exactly what it is. Based on the old Pepsi commercials featuring NBA All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving in old-man-makeup, playing pick up basketball against unknowing strangers, this is a movie based around his Uncle Drew persona. The film is just an excuse to get Irving paired up with several former NBA stars, such as Shaquille O'Neal, Charles Barkley, and Reggie Miller, to goof off as they try to win a tournament.Surprisingly, it mostly works. Uncle Drew's cast's chemistry makes the movie successful in delivering on several laughs. The story is straightforward and follows Get Out star Lil Rel Howery. With smaller comedic roles for Tiffany Haddish and Nick Kroll, Uncle Drew is a good time but never found the audience it deserved, receiving just a slightly positive consensus of 63% on Rotten Tomatoes. It's probably a movie for NBA fans of all generations, first and foremost, thanks to all the basketball references, but the ridiculous nature of Uncle Drew should also be enough for everyone to enjoy.6. VenomEven with Tom Hardy in the lead, Venom received a critical lashing right from the get go. Currently sitting at a 29% Rotten Tomatoes critics score, Venom has earned some brutal reviews. It is a true origin story for one of Marvel Comics' most iconic anti-heroes. Many questioned the reason for this movie to exist without any ties to Spider-Man, though. Despite this, Sony's first installment in their Spider-Man villain cinematic universe has found quite a following - as evident by the film grossing well over $800 million at the box office.Related: Venom's Bad Reviews Completely Misunderstood VenomWhile many believed they were laughing at Venom, what they may not have realized is that they were laughing with the giant, weirdly humorous symbiote. Hardy went all out for this performance, even pulling double duty on the voice of Venom. Director Ruben Fleischer is able to strike the right tone and deliver on some pretty entertaining superhero action. The film has already achieved cult hit status in North American, but Venom just may be an underrated movie as a whole given the consensus, despite it becoming one of the highest grossing movies of 2018 thanks to how much money it pulled in international markets.5. Bohemian RhapsodyThe life of Freddie Mercury and the early days of Queen are explored in Bohemian Rhapsody, but only 62% of critics on Rotten Tomatoes found it to be a favorable portrayal. The movie has been a box office hit despite this, and it's a bit odd that the overall reaction hasn't been as fond. Rami Malek's lead performance as Mercury is fabulous and should net him an Academy Award nomination, if not a win. The movie may be hurt thanks to the involvement of Bryan Singer and not concentrating more on Freddie Mercury's sexuality for some, but Bohemian Rhapsody as a whole is a musically filled exploration of Freddie and the band through the highs and lows.The supporting cast is solid, with Lucy Boynton having the best performance of them as Freddie's lover Mary Austin. With the Queen concert scenes - especially the final Live Aid concert - delivering on the much-needed scale, Bohemian Rhapsody has the performances, story, and music necessary for it to be a crowd-pleaser. It has had a mixed reception instead, earning it a surprising spot on our underrated list.Page 2 of 3: Top Four Underrated Films Of 2018
Tags:
venom,
tomb raider,
the death cure,
the hate u give,
ocean's eight,
tag,
bohemian rhapsody,
uncle drew,
eighth grade,
upgrade,
blindspotting
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Black Panther has been nominated for a grand total of seven awards at the 2018 MTV Movie & TV Awards. Released earlier this year, Black Panther marked the first solo outing for T'Challa after his debut in Captain America: Civil War and saw the newly crowed King of Wakanda face a challenge to the throne from the ominously named Killmonger. Black Panther made several vital contributions to the Marvel Cinematic Universe including the technologically advanced state of Wakanda, Danai Gurira's fierce warrior Okoye and T'Challa's genius younger sister, Shuri, all of which ended up playing key roles in Marvel's huge team-up event, Avengers: Infinity War.The release of Black Panther was already widely acclaimed prior to its release for bringing a black superhero to the forefront of their own solo movie and upon hitting theaters, became a huge critical and commercial success, even by Marvel Studios' own high standards. Black Panther passed Titanic on the way to becoming one of the top 10 highest grossing films worldwide and earned the highest Rotten Tomatoes score for a superhero movie.Given Black Panther's feverish fan reaction and box office success, it perhaps shouldn't come as a surprise that awards recognition would follow and although Ryan Coogler and co. will have to wait for awards season to start proper, the 2018 MTV Movie & TV Awards have announced that Black Panther is up for seven gongs. The full list of Panther's nods are: Best Movie, Best Hero (T'Challa), Best Villain (Killmonger), Best Performance In A Movie (Chadwick Boseman), Best On-Screen Team (Panther, Okoye, Shuri, Nakia), Scene Stealer (Shuri) and Best Fight (Panther vs. M'Baku). The nominations for each category read as follows:BEST MOVIEAvengers: Infinity War (Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures)Black Panther (Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures)Girls Trip (Universal Pictures)IT (New Line Cinema)Wonder Woman (Warner Bros. Pictures)BEST SHOW13 Reasons Why (Netflix)Game of Thrones (HBO)grown-ish (Freeform)Riverdale (The CW)Stranger Things (Netflix)BEST PERFORMANCE IN A MOVIEChadwick Boseman – Black PantherTimothée Chalamet – Call Me by Your NameAnsel Elgort – Baby DriverDaisy Ridley – Star Wars: The Last JediSaoirse Ronan – Lady BirdBEST PERFORMANCE IN A SHOWMillie Bobby Brown – Stranger ThingsDarren Criss – The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryKatherine Langford – 13 Reasons WhyIssa Rae – InsecureMaisie Williams – Game of ThronesBEST HEROChadwick Boseman (T’Challa/Black Panther) – Black PantherEmilia Clarke (Daenerys Targaryen) – Game of ThronesGal Gadot (Diana Prince/Wonder Woman) – Wonder WomanGrant Gustin (Barry Allen/The Flash) – The FlashDaisy Ridley (Rey) – Star Wars: The Last JediBEST VILLAINJosh Brolin (Thanos) – Avengers: Infinity WarAdam Driver (Kylo Ren) – Star Wars: The Last JediMichael B. Jordan (N’Jadaka/Erik Killmonger) – Black PantherAubrey Plaza (Lenny Busker) – LegionBill Skarsgard (Pennywise) – ITBEST KISSJane The Virgin – Gina Rodriguez (Jane) and Justin Baldoni (Rafael)Love, Simon – Nick Robinson (Simon) and Keiynan Lonsdale (Bram)Ready Player One – Olivia Cooke (Sam) and Tye Sheridan (Wade)Riverdale – KJ Apa (Archie) and Camila Mendes (Veronica)Stranger Things – Finn Wolfhard (Mike) and Millie Bobby Brown (Eleven)MOST FRIGHTENED PERFORMANCETalitha Bateman (Janice) – Annabelle: CreationEmily Blunt (Evelyn Abbott) – A Quiet PlaceSophia Lillis (Beverly Marsh) – ITCristin Milioti (Nanette Cole) – Black MirrorNoah Schnapp (Will Byers) – Stranger ThingsBEST ON-SCREEN TEAMBlack Panther – Chadwick Boseman (T’Challa/ Black Panther), Lupita Nyong’o (Nakia), Danai Gurira (Okoye), Letitia Wright (Shuri)IT – Finn Wolfhard (Richie), Sophia Lillis (Beverly), Jaeden Lieberher (Bill), Jack Dylan Grazer (Eddie), Wyatt Oleff (Stanley), Jeremy Ray Taylor (Ben), Chosen Jacobs (Mike)Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle – Dwayne Johnson (Smolder), Kevin Hart (Mouse), Jack Black (Shelly), Karen Gillan  (Ruby), Nick Jonas (Seaplane)Ready Player One –  Tye Sheridan (Wade), Olivia Cooke (Samantha), Philip Zhao (Sho), Win Morisaki (Daito), Lena Waithe (Aech)Stranger Things – Gaten Matarazzo (Dustin), Finn Wolfhard (Mike), Caleb McLaughlin (Lucas), Noah Schnapp (Will), Sadie Sink (Max)BEST COMEDIC PERFORMANCEJack Black – Jumanji: Welcome to the JungleTiffany Haddish – Girls TripDan Levy – Schitt’s CreekKate McKinnon – SNLAmy Schumer – I Feel PrettySCENE STEALERTiffany Haddish (Dina) – Girls TripDacre Montgomery (Billy Hargrove) – Stranger ThingsMadelaine Petsch (Cheryl Blossom) – RiverdaleTaika Waititi (Korg) – Thor: RagnarokLetitia Wright (Shuri) – Black PantherBEST FIGHTAtomic Blonde – Charlize Theron (Lorraine) vs. Daniel Hargrave (Sniper), Greg Rementer (Spotter)Avengers: Infinity War – Scarlett Johansson (Natasha Romanoff/Black Widow), Danai Gurira (Okoye), Elizabeth Olsen (Wanda Maximoff/Scarlet Witch) vs. Carrie Coon (Proxima Midnight)Black Panther – Chadwick Boseman (Black Panther) vs. Winston Duke (M’Baku)Thor: Ragnarok – Mark Ruffalo (Hulk) vs. Chris Hemsworth (Thor)Wonder Woman – Gal Gadot (Wonder Woman) vs. German SoldiersBEST MUSIC DOCUMENTARYCan’t Stop, Won’t Stop: A Bad Boy StoryDemi Lovato: Simply ComplicatedGaga: Five Foot TwoJay-Z’s “Footnotes for 4:44“The Defiant OnesBEST REALITY SERIESKeeping Up With The KardashiansLove & Hip HopReal HousewivesRuPaul’s Drag RaceVanderpump RulesIt's interesting to note that Marvel Studios' "bigger" movie, Avengers: Infinity War, is only up for three awards, although this may be party due to it being released very recently. Despite their consistently positive reviews, MCU movies do tend to attract criticism for the quality of their villains but many fans felt that Killmonger was an exception to this trend. As such, it's pleasing to see Michael B. Jordan's performance recognized in the nominations. The character of Shuri also proved to be a particular highlight, taking on the bulk of Black Panther's comedic moments and thoroughly deserves her Scene Stealer nod.MTV's Movie & TV Awards ceremony largely tends to focus on more popular, blockbuster fare compared to traditional movie award bashes like the Oscars and Golden Globes but, given how frequently those types of ceremonies ignore superhero movies, an MTV gong might unfortunately be the only awards success Black Panther tastes.More: Disney CEO 'Badly' Wanted Black Panther Movie
Tags:
wonder woman,
it,
game of thrones,
black panther,
the avengers 3,
riverdale,
stranger things,
13 reasons why
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2018 Oscar nominations have been announced by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. 2018 marks the 90th iteration of the Hollywood awards ceremony, with this year's nominations event hosted by Tiffany Haddish (Girls Trip) and Andy Serkis (Star Wars: The Last Jedi). Performers such as Gal Gadot, Rosario Dawson, Zoe Saldana, Prinyaka Chopra, Rebel Wilson, Michelle Rodriguez, Michelle Yeoh, and Molly Shannon were also on-hand to unveil 2018's crop of nominees.Heading into the Oscar nominations, Martin McDonagh's Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri was a front-runner in the major awards categories following its victories at the 2018 Golden Globes and SAG Awards. Three Billboards lead actress Frances McDormand and supporting actor Sam Rockwell are likewise at the head of the pack, where they are joined by Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour and Allison Janney for I, Tonya in the respective best actor and supporting actress categories.Related: Jimmy Kimmel is Hosting the 2018 Oscars CeremonyAll four performers have now been nominated for their efforts by the Academy, and McDonagh secured an Oscar nomination for his writing while being passed over for a Best Director nomination for Three Billboards. Awards season frontrunners Call Me By Your Name and The Shape of Water also successfully racked up multiple nominations and shouldn't be counted out of the Best Picture race. The Shape of Water cowriter and director Guillermo del Toro even won at the Golden Globes for his direction on the film, making him a frontrunner to win at the Oscars too.Jordan Peele and Greta Gerwig were both nominated for original writing and directing on Get Out and Lady Bird (their respective solo directing debuts), and Christopher Nolan finally added a Best Director nomination to his list of Oscar nods for Dunkirk. P.T. Anderson also secured his second nomination for directing thanks to Phantom Thread, and Daniel Day-Lewis received his expected Best Actor nod for his performance in the film (supposedly his last, now that he is entering a self-imposed retirement from movie acting).Mudbound cinematographer Rachel Morrison (whose next project is Marvel's Black Panther) is now the first woman to ever be nominated for a Best Cinematography Oscar, thanks to her efforts on the Dee Rees directed film. Mudbound costar Mary J. Blige also quietly made history with her nominations in both Supporting Actress and Original Song for the same year, while Meryl Streep broke her own record with her nod for The Post, marking her 21st acting Oscar nomination overall. Hugh Jackman missed out on landing an acting nod himself, but Logan broke new ground for the superhero genre by securing a Best Adapted Screenplay nomination. Unfortunately, its fellow comic book movie Wonder Woman was completely shutout by the Academy.You can read the full list of 2018 Oscar nominations (complete with the individuals nominated in each category) below!-Best PictureCall Me By Your Name; Peter Spears, Luca Guadagnino, Emilie Georges and Marco MorabitoDarkest Hour; Tim Bevan, Eric Fellner, Lisa Bruce, Anthony McCarten and Douglas UrbanskiDunkirk; Emma Thomas and Christopher NolanGet Out; Sean McKittrick, Jason Blum, Edward H. Hamm Jr. and Jordan PeeleLady Bird; Scott Rudin, Eli Bush and Evelyn O’NeillPhantom Thread; JoAnne Sellar, P.T. Anderson, Megan Ellison and Daniel LupiThe Post; Amy Pascal, Steven Spielberg and Kristie Macosko KriegerThe Shape of Water; Guillermo del Toro and J. Miles DaleThree Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri; Graham Broadbent, Pete Czernin and Martin McDonaghBest DirectorDunkirk, Christopher NolanGet Out, Jordan PeeleLady Bird, Greta GerwigPhantom Thread, P.T. AndersonThe Shape of Water, Guillermo del ToroBest ActorTimothée Chalamet, Call Me By Your NameDaniel Day-Lewis, Phantom ThreadDaniel Kaluuya, Get OutGary Oldman, Darkest HourDenzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq.Best ActressSally Hawkins, The Shape of WaterFrances McDormand, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriMargot Robbie, I, TonyaSaoirse Ronan, Lady BirdMeryl Streep, The PostBest Adapted ScreenplayCall Me By Your Name, James IvoryThe Disaster Artist, Scott Neustadter and Michael H. WeberLogan, James Mangold, Scott Frank, and Michael GreenMolly's Game, Aaron SorkinMudbound, Virgil Williams and Dee ReesBest Original ScreenplayThe Big Sick, Emily V. Gordon and Kumail NanjianiGet Out, Jordan PeeleLady Bird, Greta GerwigThe Shape of Water, Guillermo del Toro and Vanessa TaylorThree Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Martin McDonaghBest Supporting ActorWillem Dafoe, The Florida ProjectWoody Harrelson, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriRichard Jenkins, The Shape of WaterChristopher Plummer, All the Money in the WorldSam Rockwell, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriBest Supporting ActressMary J. Blige, MudboundAllison Janney, I, TonyaLesley Manville, Phantom ThreadLaurie Metcalf, Lady BirdOctavia Spencer, The Shape of WaterBest Original Song"Mighty River", Mudbound; Mary J. Blige, Raphael Saadiq and Taura Stinson"Mystery of Love", Call Me By Your Name; Sufjan Stevens"Remember Me", Coco; Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez"Stand Up For Something", Marshall; Diane Warren, Lonnie R. Lynn and Diane Warren"This Is Me", The Greatest Showman; Benj Pasek and Justin PaulBest Animated FeatureThe Boss Baby, Tom McGrath and Ramsey NaitoThe Breadwinner, Nora Twomey and Anthony LeoCoco, Lee Unkrich and Darla K. AndersonFerdinand, Carlos SaldanhaLoving Vincent, Dorota Kobiela, Hugh Welchman and Ivan MactaggartBest Original ScoreDunkirk, Hans ZimmerPhantom Thread, Johnny GreenwoodThe Shape of Water, Alexander DesplatStar Wars: The Last Jedi, John WilliamsThree Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Carter BurwellBest CinematographyBlade Runner 2049, Roger A. DeakinsDarkest Hour, Bruno DelbonnelDunkirk, Hoyte van HoytemaMudbound, Rachel MorrisonThe Shape of Water, Dan LaustsenBest Costume DesignBeauty and the Beast, Jacqueline DurranDarkest Hour, Jacqueline DurranPhantom Thread, Mark BridgesThe Shape of Water, Luis SequeiraVictoria & Abdul, Consolata BoyleBest Sound EditingBaby Driver, Julian SlaterBlade Runner 2049, Mark Mangini and Theo GreenDunkirk, Richard King and Alex GibsonThe Shape of Water, Nathan Robitaille and Nelson FerreiraStar Wars: The Last Jedi, Matthew Wood and Ren KlyceBest Sound MixingBaby Driver, Julian Slater, Tim Cavagin and Mary H. EllisBlade Runner 2049, Ron Bartlett, Doug Hemphill and Mac RuthDunkirk, Mark Weingarten, Gregg Landaker and Gary A. RizzoThe Shape of Water, Christian Cooke, Brad Zoern and Glen GauthierStar Wars: The Last Jedi, David Parker, Michael Semanick, Ren Klyce and Stuart WilsonBest Makeup and HairstylingDarkest Hour, Kazuhiro Tsuji, David Malinowski and Lucy SibbickVictoria & Abdul, Daniel Phillips and Lou SheppardWonder, Arjen TuitenBest Live-Action ShortDeKaleb Elementary, Reed Van DykThe Eleven O'Clock, Derin Seale and Josh LawsonMy Nephew Emmett, Kevin Wilson, Jr.The Silent Child, Chris Overton and Rachel ShentonWantu Wote/All of Us, Katja Benrath and Tobias RosenBest Animated ShortDear Basketball, Glen Keane and Kobe BryantGarden Party, Victor Caire and Gabriel GrapperonLou, Dave Mullins and Dana MurrayNegative Space, Max Porter and Ru KuwahataRevolting Rhymes, Jakob Schuh and Jan LachauerBest Visual EffectsBlade Runner 2049, John Nelson, Gerd Nefzer, Paul Lambert and Richard R. HooverGuardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, Christopher Townsend, Guy Williams, Jonathan Fawkner and Dan SudickKong: Skull Island, Stephen Rosenbaum, Jeff White, Scott Benza and Mike MeinardusStar Wars: The Last Jedi, Ben Morris, Mike Mulholland, Neal Scanlan and Chris CorbouldWar for the Planet of the Apes, Joe Letteri, Daniel Barrett, Dan Lemmon and Joel WhistBest Film EditingBaby Driver, Paul Machliss and Jonathan AmosDunkirk, Lee SmithI, Tonya, Tatiana S. RiegelThe Shape of Water, Sidney WolinskyThree Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Jon GregoryBest Production DesignBeauty and the Beast - Production Design: Sarah Greenwood; Set Decoration: Katie SpencerBlade Runner 2049 - Production Design: Dennis Gassner; Set Decoration: Alessandra QuerzolaDarkest Hour - Production Design: Sarah Greenwood; Set Decoration: Katie SpencerDunkirk - Production Design: Nathan Crowley; Set Decoration: Gary FettisThe Shape of Water - Production Design: Paul Denham Austerberry; Set Decoration: Shane Vieau and Jeff MelvinBest Documentary ShortEdith + Eddie, Laura Checkoway and Thomas Lee WrightHeaven is a Traffic Jam on the 405, Frank StiefelHeroin(e), Elaine McMillion Sheldon and Kerrin SheldonKnife Skills, Thomas LennonTraffic Stop, Kate Davis and David HeilbronerBest Documentary FeatureAbacus: Small Enough to Jail, Steve James, Mark Mitten and Julie GoldmanFaces Places, Agnès Varda, JR and Rosalie VardaIcarus, Bryan Fogel and Dan CoganLast Man in Aleppo, Feras Fayyad, Kareem Abeed and Søren Steen JespersenStrong Island, Yance Ford and Joslyn BarnesBest Foreign Language FilmA Fantastic Woman (Chile)The Insult (Lebanon)Loveless (Russia)On Body and Soul (Hungary)The Square (Sweden)MORE: Oscar Bait Might Be DeadThe 90th Annual Academy Awards ceremony airs Sunday, March 4.Source: The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences
Tags:
baby driver,
darkest hour,
oscars,
wolverine 3,
guardians of the galaxy 2,
kong: skull island,
blade runner 2,
get out,
coco,
war for the planet of the apes,
star wars 8,
dunkirk,
three billboards outside ebbing missouri,
molly's game,
i tonya,
the shape of water,
phantom thread,
the disaster artist,
the post,
call me by your name,
lady bird,
mudbound
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2018 Oscar nominees get honest movie posters. Earlier today, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences unveiled their full list of nominations for the 90th Academy Awards. As is the case most years, there were some surprises in the list of nominees - like Logan landing a nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay, marking a big step forward for superhero movies - and some unsurprising snubs, including Wonder Woman being completely shut out, even in the technical categories to which superhero movies are typically relegated.In the end, Guillermo del Toro's The Shape of Water received the most nominations with 13, but movies like Get Out, Lady Bird, Call Me By Your Name, Dunkirk, The Post, Phantom Thread, Darkest Hour, and Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri received nominations in major categories like Best Picture, Best Director and Best Actor/Actress as well. Still, although the Academy Awards are a chance to celebrate cinema, that doesn't mean we can't poke fun at the nominees a little bit.Related: When Are the Oscars?The Shiznit has unveiled their honest posters for the 2018 Oscar nominees - as they did in 2016 and 2017 - which poke fun at del Toro's The Shape of Water, Jordan Peele's Get Out, Greta Gerwig's Lady Bird, Luca Guadagnino's Call Me By Your Name and many more. Check out a few of the honest posters for 2018's Oscar-nominated movies in the gallery below, and see the rest on The Shiznit.[vn_gallery name="Honest Posters for 2018’s Oscar-Nominated Movies" id="1165995"]The Shiznit also tackles Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Dunkirk, The Post, I, Tonya, mother!, and All the Money in the World in hilarious fashion. Of course, these honest posters aren't meant to be insulting toward the nominated films, but are just meant to poke fun at these movies using the conversations surrounding each as a jumping off point. For instance, the honest poster for Call Me By Your Name references to peach scene that had many people talking, while the poster for Three Billboards calls attention to the film's "dubious racial politics."Still, The Shiznit left off a few nominated movies, such as Logan and Dee Rees' Mudbound, and included a film that didn't receive any nominations (Darren Aronofsky's mother!), likely because they were made ahead of the nominations being announced. Like most years, the Oscar nominations had some surprises, and 2018 was no different. But this year's list of nominations also included a few firsts. Mudbound's Rachel Morrison is the first woman to be nominated for Best Cinematography, while Get Out writer-director Jordan Peele made history as the first Black man to be nominated for writing, directing, and producing an Oscar-nominated movie.It remains to be seen which films will actually receive Oscars at the 90th Academy Awards. Still, the 2018 nominations are certainly promising, but, as The Shiznit's honest posters prove, they aren't above being poked fun of by movie fans.Next: How To Watch The Oscars 2018 Best Picture NomineesThe 90th Annual Academy Awards ceremony is going to be telecast on Sunday, March 4th on ABC, starting at 8:30pm EST.Source: The Shiznit
Tags:
oscars,
get out,
the shape of water,
call me by your name,
lady bird
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2018 Primetime Emmy Awards are an interesting mix of new and familiar faces, with the latter being especially true in the nights biggest award categories. Outstanding drama is filled with series that have been there before, with both Game of Thrones and The Handmaid’s Tale having gone home winners. This year, though, the sentimental favorite might be FX’s The Americans, which was routinely a favorite of critics, but somehow only saw recognition from Emmy voters sporadically over its last few seasons. The same is true in the actor and actress categories, with both Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys landing nominations for their roles as Elizabeth and Philip Jennings. They face stiff competition, however, as past winners Elisabeth Moss and Tatiana Maslaney are both in the running, as well as Sterling K. Brown for his multiple award-winning performance in NBC’s This Is Us. With Netflix and HBO dominating the pack, it will be interesting to see who wins out, the premium cabler and reigning Emmy champ, or the streaming upstart who’s found more and more award-season love over the past few years. Then again, given the Emmys’ track record, Hulu might find itself the winner of the big prize again this year. Follow along with Screen Rant as we update the winners list as they are announced: The AmericansThe CrownWINNER - Game of ThronesThe Handmaid's TaleThis Is UsStranger ThingsWestworldWINNER - Claire Foy -- The CrownTatiana Maslaney -- Orphan BlackElisabeth Moss -- The Handmaid's TaleSandra Oh -- Killing EveKeri Russell -- The AmericansEvan Rachel Wood -- WestworldJason Bateman - OzarkSterling K. Brown - This Is UsEd Harris - WestworldWINNER - Matthew Rhys - The AmericansMilo Ventimiglia - This Is UsJeffrey Wright - WestworldLena Heady - Game of ThronesMillie Bobby Brown - Stranger ThingsAnn Dowd - The Handmaid's TaleVanessa Kirby - The CrownYvonne Strahovski - The Handmaid's TaleAlexis Bledel - The Handmaid's TaleWINNER - Thandie Newton - WestworldNikolaj Coster-Waldau - Game of ThronesWINNER - Peter Dinklage - Game of ThronesMandy Patinkin - HomelandDavid Harbour - Stranger ThingsMatt Smith - The CrownJoseph Fiennes - The Handmaid's TaleAntonio Banderas -- GeniusWINNER - Darren Criss -- The Assassination of Gianni VersaceBenedict Cumberbatch -- Patrick MelroseJeff Daniels -- The Looming TowerJohn Legend -- Jesus Chris SuperstarJesse Plemons - Black MirrorJessica Biel - The SinnerLaura Dern - The TaleMichelle Dockery - GodlessEdie Falco - Law And Order: True CrimeWINNER - Regina King - Seven SecondsSarah Paulson - American Horror Story: CultAdina Porter - American Horror Story: CultLetitia Wright - Black MirrorSara Bareilles - Jesus Christ SuperstarWINNER - Merritt Wever - GodlessJudith Light - The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryPenelope Cruz - The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryWINNER - Jeff Daniels - GodlessBrandon Victor Dixon - Jesus Christ SuperstarRick Martin - The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryEdgar Ramirez - The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryFinn Wittrock - The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryMichael Stuhlbarg - The Looming TowerJon Leguizamo - WacoThe AlienistGodlessPatrick MelroseWINNER - The Assassination of Gianni VersaceAtlantaBarryBlackishCurb your EnthusiasmGLOWSilicon ValleyUnbreakable Kimmy SchmidtWINNER - The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel Pamela Adlon -- Better ThingsWINNER - Rachel Brosnahan - The Marvelous Ms. MaiselIssa Rae - InsecureTracee Ellis Ross - BlackishLilly Tomlin - Grace and FrankieAnthony Anderson - BlackishTed Danson - The Good PlaceLarry David - Curb Your EnthusiasmDonald Glover - AtlantaWINNER - Bill Hader - BarryWilliam H. Macey - ShamelessZazie Beets - AtlantaBetty Gilpin - GLOWLaurie Metcalf - RoseanneAidy Bryant - Saturday Night LiveLeslie Jones - Saturday Night Live Kate McKinnons - Saturday Night LiveWINNER - Alex Borstein - The Marvelous Ms. MaiselMegan Mullaly - Will & GraceBrian Tyree Henry - AtlantaWINNER - Henry Winkler - Barry Alec Baldwin - Saturday Night Live Louis Anderson - BasketsTony Shalhoub - The Marvelous Ms. MaiselKenan Thompson - Saturday Night LiveTituss Burgess - Unbreakable Kimmy SchmidtNext: Forever Review: Amazon Delivers A Satisfying and Unassumingly Weird Comedy
Tags:
emmys
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
This morning the 70th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards were announced, and as usual there were plenty of familiar faces, but also a few welcome surprises. This year, the Emmys will be broadcast live on NBC, with hosts Michael Che and Colin Jost leading the ceremony. Last year’s highlights included wins for Donald Glover and Elisabeth Moss, and it will be interesting to see whether or not their series, Atlanta and The Handmaid’s Tale, are repeat winners. After all, Emmy voters seem to like consistency above all else. This year's nominations certainly prove that to be true, as frequent favorites and previous winners dominated the list, with Game of Thrones appearing yet again, while The Americans was nominated for lead actor and actress, as well as Outstanding Drama, alongside some head-scratchers like Westworld and Stranger Things.Check out the list of nominees for the 70th Annual Primetime Emmys:The AmericansThe CrownGame of ThronesThe Handmaid's TaleThis Is UsStranger ThingsWestworldClaire Foy -- The CrownTatiana Maslaney -- Orphan BlackElisabeth Moss -- The Handmaid's TaleSandra Oh -- Killing EveKeri Russell -- The AmericansEvan Rachel Wood -- WestworldJason Bateman - OzarkSterling K. Brown - This Is UsEd Harris - WestworldMatthew Rhys - The AmericansMilo Ventimiglia - This Is UsJeffrey Wright - WestworldLena Heady - Game of ThronesMillie Bobby Brown - Stranger ThingsAnn Dowd - The Handmaid's TaleVanessa Kirby - The CrownYvonne Strahovski - The Handmaid's TaleAlexis Bledel - The Handmaid's TaleThandie Newton - WestworldNikolaj Coster-Waldau - Game of ThronesPeter Dinklage - Game of ThronesMandy Patinkin - HomelandDavid Harbour - Stranger ThingsMatt Smith - The CrownJoseph Fiennes - The Handmaid's TaleAntonio Banderas -- GeniusDarren Criss -- The Assassination of Gianni VersaceBenedict Cumberbatch -- Patrick MelroseJeff Daniels -- The Looming TowerJohn Legend -- Jesus Chris SuperstarJesse Plemons - Black MirrorJessica Biel - The SinnerLaura Dern - The TaleMichelle Dockery - GodlessEdie Falco - Law And Order: True CrimeRegina King - Seven SecondsSarah Paulson - American Horror Story: CultAdina Porter - American Horror Story: CultLetitia Wright - Black MirrorSara Bareilles - Jesus Christ SuperstarMerritt Wever - GodlessJudith Light - The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryPenelope Cruz - The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryJeff Daniels - GodlessBrandon Victor Dixon - Jesus Christ SuperstarRick Martin - The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryEdgar Ramirez - The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryFinn Wittrock - The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryMichael Stuhlbarg - The Looming TowerJon Leguizamo - WacoThe AlienistGodlessPatrick MelroseThe Assassination of Gianni VersaceAtlantaBarryBlackishCurb your EnthusiasmGLOWSilicon ValleyUnbreakable Kimmy SchmidtPamela Adlon -- Better ThingsRachel Brosnahan - The Marvelous Ms. MaiselIssa Rae - InsecureTraceee Ellis Ross - BlackishLilly Tomlin - Grace and FrankieAnthony Anderson - BlackishTed Danson - The Good PlaceLarry David - Curb Your EnthusiasmDonald Glover - AtlantaBill Hader - BarryWilliam H. Macey - ShamelessZazie Beets - AtlantaBetty Gilpin - GLOWLaurie Metcalf - RoseanneAidy Bryant - Saturday Night LiveLeslie Jones - Saturday Night Live Kate McKinnons - Saturday Night LiveAlex Borstein - The Marvelous Ms. MaiselMegan Mullaly - Will & GraceBrian Tyree Henry - AtlantaHenry Winkler - BarryAlec Baldwin - Saturday Night Live Louis Anderson - BasketsTony Shalhoub - The Marvelous Ms. MaiselKenan Thompson - Saturday Night LiveTituss Burgess - Unbreakable Kimmy SchmidtNext: Castle Rock Review: A Leisurely Stroll Through Stephen King’s WorldThe 70th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards will air live on Sept. 17 @8pm ET/5pm PT on NBC.
Tags:
the americans,
westworld,
emmys,
barry,
killing eve
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The nominations for the 2018 Razzie Awards are in, and it's looking like The Mummy, 50 Shades Darker, and Transformers: The Last Knight are set to take a beating. Dedicated to honoring the very worst in film from the previous year, the Golden Raspberry Awards have become one of the most publicized awards shows around over the years. Obviously, it's not much of an honor to be declared as one of the worst in your field, as last year's big "winners" -- Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Hillary’s America: The Secret History of The Democratic Party -- surely discovered.This year's awards won't likely be as controversial, however, as the vast majority of nominees are painfully obvious, easy targets. Big name franchises with one too many sequels dominate the pack, though there's definitely a few surprises in store in the Worst Actress category.Related: The Razzies Aren’t as Fun as They Used to BeAs you can see in the video above, the announcement of this year's Razzie nominees is about as humorous as the awards themselves. Comedic shortcomings aside, the clip only announces the nominees for Worst Picture, Actor, and Actress, though the full list has since been released (h/t USA Today). Transformers: The Last Knight leads the way with 9 nominations, including a Worst Actor nod for Mark Wahlberg and Worst Supporting Actor nods for both Anthony Hopkins and Josh Duhamel. Following closely behind the robots in disguise is Fifty Shades Darker with 8 nominations, including nods for the film's two leads, Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan. The Mummy rounds out the top nominee trio, accruing 7 of its own. Sorry, Tom Cruise.While it's no surprise to see lame duck franchises like Transformers and 50 Shades getting trashed by the Razzies, there is a shocker or two to be found in the Worst Actress category. Both Jennifer Lawrence (mother!) and Emma Watson (The Circle) were unexpectedly nominated despite delivering performances that most would deem unoffensive. The Razzies did double down on their decidedly meh joke from last year -- nominating Tyler Perry for playing Madea again -- so perhaps they were simply out of ideas for this category?In any case, the Razzies will take place on March 3rd, the night before this year's Academy Awards. We don't expect them to be all that eventful, since the only really noteworthy thing that ever happens at the ceremony is when the actors actually show up to accept their awards. But hey, it's all in good fun, right?Next: 15 Amazing Actors Who Have Been Nominated For A Razzie Award
Tags:
razzies
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Nominations for the 2018 Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards have just been revealed, as announced by Olivia Munn and Niecy Nash. The ceremony recognizes outstanding acting in both film and television, and SAG Awards nominations are voted on by SAG members themselves. First, the Motion Picture and Television Nominating Committees (a group of 2500 SAG members chosen at random each year) vote to choose the nominees, and then active SAG members choose their favorites. It's been teased as being a self-congratulatory ceremony (what awards ceremony isn't?), but it's also played a significant role in predicting Oscar winners. On the other side of the coin, the Emmys have also played a role in predicting SAG Award winners in the television categories.So, does 2017 seem like it will carry on that predictive tradition?In the film categories, Get Out, Lady Bird, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, and The Shape of Water continue to reign supreme in nominations throughout this especially competitive awards season, but the SAG Awards also included one film noticeably missing from the 2018 Golden Globe nominations. The Big Sick, which pegged to be a strong contender come awards season, was left out of the Golden Globe nominations, but earned a SAG nomination for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture. Woody Harrelson is also a pleasant addition into the mix in the Supporting Male Actor category for Three Billboards, sharing the nomination with co-star Sam Rockwell.Related: 2018 Golden Globe Nominations RevealedNetflix's Mudbound has also gotten some love from SAG, earning an expected nomination for Mary J. Blige in the Supporting Female Actor category, but also sharing a spot alongside The Big Sick in Outstanding Cast. On the other hand, Ridley Scott's All the Money in the World missed out completely on SAG nominations, despite the three it earned for the Golden Globes.As far as television goes, it looks as though the fight between The Crown and The Handmaid's Tale continues. However, in the Comedy Series categories, Netflix's GLOW may very well usurp both Orange is the New Black's Uzo Abuda and Veep's Julia Louis-Dreyfus, who have alternated wins in the Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series category in recent years. This time around, their votes could easily cancel each other out and give nominee Alison Brie her first individual win for GLOW (she and the cast of Mad Men won Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2009).The most interesting category is arguably Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Movie or Limited Series. In this category only two shows earned nominations. All three major actresses in Big Little Lies (Laura Dern, Nicole Kidman, and Reese Witherspoon) earned nominations, while the remaining two nominations belong to Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange, cos-stars in Feud.Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion PictureThe Big SickGet OutLady BirdMudboundThree Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriOutstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading RoleTimothee Chalamet, Call Me By Your NameJames Franco, The Disaster ArtistDaniel Kaluuya, Get OutGary Oldman, Darkest HourDenzel Washington, Roman J. Israel, Esq.Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading RoleJudi Dench, Victoria & AbdulSally Hawkins, The Shape of WaterFrances McDormand, Thee Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriMargot Robbie, I, TonyaSaoirse Ronan, Lady BirdOutstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role Steve Carell, Battle of the SexesWillem Dafoe, The Florida ProjectWoody Harrelson, Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, MissouriRichard Jenkins, The Shape of WaterSam Rockwell, Three Billboard Outside Ebbing, MissouriOutstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting RoleMary J. Blige, MudboundHong Chau, DownsizingHolly Hunter, The Big SickAllison Janney, I, TonyaLaurie Metcalf, Lady BirdOutstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Movie or Limited SeriesBenedict Cumberbatch, Sherlock: The Lying DetectiveJeff Daniels, GodlessRobert De Niro, Wizard of LiesGeoffrey Rush, GeniusAlexander Skarsgard, Big Little LiesOutstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Movie or Limited SeriesLaura Dern, Big Little LiesNicole Kidman, Big Little LiesJessica Lange, FeudSusan Sarandon, FeudReese Witherspoon, Big Little LiesOutstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama SeriesJason Bateman, OzarkSterling K. Brown, This Is UsPeter Dinklage, Game of ThronesDavid Harbour, Stranger ThingsBob Odenkirk, Better Call SaulOutstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama SeriesMillie Bobby Brown, Stranger ThingsClaire Foy, The CrownLaura Linney, OzarkElisabeth Moss, The Handmaid’s TaleRobin Wright, House of Cards Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy SeriesAnthony Anderson, Black-ishAziz Ansari, Master of NoneLarry David, Curb Your EnthusiasmSean Hayes, Will & GraceWilliam H. Macy, ShamelessMarc Maron, GLOWOutstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy SeriesUzo Aduba, Orange Is The New BlackAlison Brie, GLOWJane Fonda, Grace and FrankieJulia Louis-Dreyfus, VeepLily Tomlin, Grace and FrankieRelated: Alison Brie Reveals GLOW Season 2 First Look ImageOutstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama SeriesThe CrownGame of ThronesThe Handmaid’s TaleStranger ThingsThis Is Us Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy SeriesBlack-ishCurb Your EnthusiasmGLOWOrange Is The New BlackVeepOutstanding Action Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Motion PictureBaby DriverDunkirkLoganWar for the Planet of the ApesWonder Woman Outstanding Action Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Comedy or Drama SeriesGame of ThronesGLOWHomelandStranger ThingsThe Walking Dead Morgan Freeman, 53rd Annual SAG Lifetime Achievement Award RecipientMORE: Golden Globe Snubs Include Logan & The Big SickThe Screen Actors Guild Awards will broadcast LIVE January 21, 2018 at 8pm EST on both TNT and TBS. Kristen Bell will host.Source: Screen Actors Guild Awards
Tags:
wonder woman,
baby driver,
wolverine 3,
the crown,
get out,
war for the planet of the apes,
dunkirk,
three billboards outside ebbing missouri,
the shape of water,
the handmaid's tale,
feud,
big little lies,
the big sick,
mudbound
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Though summer may not technically be upon us yet, it’s time to start thinking about all the television coming our way in the next few months. You’ll want to schedule as much time in the comfort of a nice, air-conditioned living room as possible, so you won't miss out on all of the TV shows premiering this summer. As has been the case for a while now, broadcast networks, cable channels, and streaming services keep programming coming year round, and summer is certainly no exception.This May, there will be plenty of new shows worth checking out, like Showtime’s Patrick Melrose miniseries, starring Benedict Cumberbatch, as well as the return of Netflix’s 13 Reasons Why. But the month also brings HBO’s Fahrenheit 451 (which, yes, is technically a movie, but I’m going to list it here because I want to), PBS’ Little Women, and Amazon’s Picnic At Hanging Rock. Things heat up in June (sorry), with a new season of Luke Cage, the series premiere of Succession, and the series finale of Sense8. Additionally, Kevin Costner will be making his way to television with Paramount Network’s Yellowstone, which hails from Sicario (as well as its amazingly titled sequel, Sicario: Day of the Soldado) and Hell or High Water writer Taylor Sheridan, and should be one to keep an eye on. That's also true of Amazon's Jack Ryan series, which premieres at the end of August, but is so anticipated a second season has already been ordered.So there you have it, though not as jam packed as the fall television season, there’s plenty of entertainment on tap for everyone this summer. That way, you’ll have your pick of excuses to stay indoors. Thursday, May 10Safe — NetflixFriday, May 11Rocky and Bullwinkle — Amazon Bill Nye Saves the World — Netflix Spirit Riding Free — Netflix Saturday, May 12"Based on the acclaimed “Patrick Melrose” series of semi-autobiographical novels written by Edward St. Aubyn. This five-part limited series hilariously skewers the upper class as it tracks the protagonist’s harrowing odyssey from a deeply traumatic childhood through adult substance abuse and, ultimately, toward recovery. In a tour de force role, Cumberbatch plays the titular character who struggles to overcome the damage inflicted by a horribly abusive father and the mother who tacitly condoned the behavior. Academy Award nominee Jennifer Jason Leigh (The Hateful Eight) and Screen Actors Guild® winner Hugo Weaving (The Matrix trilogy) also star as the parents of Patrick Melrose. Rounding out this accomplished cast are Anna Madeley (The Crown), Blythe Danner (Meet the Fockers), Allison Williams (Girls), Pip Torrens (The Crown), Jessica Raine (Call the Midwife), Prasanna Puwanarajah (Doctor Foster), Holliday Grainger (Bonnie & Clyde), Indira Varma (Game of Thrones) and Celia Imrie (Bridget Jones's Baby). Each episode, devoted to one of the five novels, is written for television by BAFTA Award nominee David Nicholls (Far from the Madding Crowd, One Day) and directed by celebrated film director Edward Berger (Deutchland 83, Jack). A co-production between SHOWTIME and Sky Atlantic, this gripping and humorous saga encompasses the South of France in the 1960s, New York in the 1980s and Britain in the early 2000s."Sunday, May 13Little Women — PBS, 9pmFriday, May 18Inspector Gadget — Netflix13 Reasons Why — Netflix Saturday, May 19Fahrenheit 451 — HBOSunday, May 20Joe Pera Talks With You — Adult Swim, 12am Tuesday, May 22Mob Psycho 100 — Netflix Wednesday, May 23Vox Entertainment “Explained” (Doc Series) — NetflixThursday, May 24Fauda — Netflix Friday, May 25"Based on Joan Lindsay’s iconic Australian novel of the same name, Picnic at Hanging Rock is a limited series surrounding the mysterious disappearances of three schoolgirls and one teacher on Valentine’s Day in 1900. The series revolves around the subsequent investigation and the event’s far-reaching impact on the students, families and staff at Appleyard College, and on the nearby township. The series has already received critical acclaim following its recent premiere at the Berlin International Film Festival and has been selected for the upcoming Tribeca Film Festival this month."The Toys That Made Us — Netflix Trollhunters: Part Three — Netflix Sunday, May 27 The Break With Michelle Wolf — Netflix Tuesday, May 29100 Code — WGN, 9pmAnimal Kingdom — TNT, 9pm Queen Sugar — OWN, 10pm Wednesday, May 30Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt — NetflixAmerican Ninja Warrior — NBC, 8pmMasterChef — FOX, 8pmReverie — NBC, 10pm Next: June & July
Tags:
luke cage,
Fahrenheit 451,
mr mercedes,
unbreakable kimmy schmidt,
casual,
glow,
cormoran strike,
13 reasons why,
pose,
yellowstone,
get shorty,
patrick melrose,
harlots,
condor
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Television Critics Association has announced the list of nominations for the 2018 TCA Awards, which will be presented in August. Unsurprisingly, the list includes plenty of familiar faces, like last year’s winners, Atlanta and The Handmaid’s Tale, as well as their respective stars, Donald Glover and Elisabeth Moss. This year, though, there are plenty of new faces, too, including HBO’s Barry, BBC America’s Killing Eve, Netflix’s Mindhunter, and Starz’ Counterpart. And, of course, for the last time ever, FX’s The Americans finds itself nominated as a series, as well as for the performances of Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys. This year, the ceremony will be hosted by Robin Thede, host of BET’s The Rundown With Robin Thede. In addition to awarding outstanding achievements in comedy, drama, miniseries, and reality programming, this year will also be the first time an award is handed out in a brand new category: the best in sketch/variety shows.Daniel Fienberg, TCA President and TV critic for THR offered this statement on the awards:"The success of shows like Killing Eve and The Americans and Barry all underline what a killer year this was for TV. My sincerest apologies for that pun. It's an exciting time for television and the TCA Awards nominations show how much great programming there is and how it can be found anywhere and for every audience. We've recognized shows from broadcast, cable, premium cable, streaming and PBS, series aimed for the youngest of children, the most mature of adults and for viewing by the entire family. From sexy assassins to brooding spies to babies who are Muppets, I’m excited to see which series will rise to the top when we gather together on August 4."INDIVIDUAL ACHIEVEMENT IN DRAMAJodie Comer, Killing Eve – BBC AmericaDarren Criss, The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story – FXElisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale – HuluSandra Oh, Killing Eve – BBC AmericaMatthew Rhys, The Americans – FXKeri Russell, The Americans – FXINDIVIDUAL ACHIEVEMENT IN COMEDYPamela Adlon, Better Things – FXRachel Bloom, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend – The CWRachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel – AmazonTed Danson, The Good Place – NBCDonald Glover, Atlanta – FX (2017 Winner in Category)Bill Hader, Barry – HBOOUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN NEWS AND INFORMATIONAnthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown – CNN60 Minutes – CBSBlue Planet II – BBC AmericaThe Rachel Maddow Show – MSNBCThe Vietnam War – PBSWild Wild Country – NetflixOUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN REALITYThe Great British Baking Show – PBSNailed It! – NetflixProject Runway – LifetimeQueer Eye – NetflixRuPaul's Drag Race – VH1OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN YOUTH PROGRAMMINGDaniel Tiger's Neighborhood – PBS KidsElena of Avalor – Disney ChannelMuppet Babies – Disney JuniorOdd Squad – PBS KidsSesame Street – HBOSofia the First – Disney JuniorOUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN SKETCH/VARIETY SHOWSFull Frontal with Samantha Bee – TBSJimmy Kimmel Live – ABCLast Week Tonight with John Oliver – HBOLate Night with Seth Meyers – NBCThe Late Show with Stephen Colbert – CBSSaturday Night Live – NBCOUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN MOVIE OR MINISERIESAlias Grace – NetflixThe Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story – FXHowards End – StarzPatrick Melrose – ShowtimeThe Tale – HBOTwin Peaks: The Return – ShowtimeOUTSTANDING NEW PROGRAMBarry – HBOCounterpart – StarzGLOW – NetflixKilling Eve – BBC AmericaThe Marvelous Mrs. Maisel – AmazonMindhunter – NetflixOUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN DRAMAThe Americans – FXThe Crown – NetflixThe Good Fight – CBS All AccessThe Handmaid's Tale – Hulu (2017 Winner in Category)Killing Eve – BBC AmericaThis Is Us – NBCOUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN COMEDYAtlanta – FX (2017 Winner in Category)Barry – HBOGLOW  – NetflixThe Good Place – NBCThe Marvelous Mrs. Maisel – AmazonOne Day at a Time – NetflixPROGRAM OF THE YEARThe Americans – FXAtlanta – FXThe Good Place – NBCThe Handmaid's Tale – Hulu (2017 Winner in Category)Killing Eve – BBC AmericaThis Is Us – NBCNext: 12 Monkeys Season 4 Review: The Beginning Of The End Goes Back To The BeginningThe 2018 Television Critics Awards will be presented on Saturday, August 4, 2018, at the Beverly Hilton Hotel.
Tags:
mind hunter,
the americans,
atlanta,
the good place,
the good fight,
barry,
killing eve
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Winter and Spring 2018 are packed with everything from Marvel Cinematic Universe movies to X-Men films, Pacific Rim and Tomb Raider installments, and multiple Steven Spielberg projects. Things will cool off a bit at the start of the new year, following December's barrage of late year awards season contenders and crowd pleasing tentpoles (led by Star Wars: The Last Jedi and Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle). However, it won't be long before things pick back up and big franchise movies - as well as buzzed about filmmaker offerings - begin flooding theaters again.Acclaimed storytellers like Ryan Coogler, Ava DuVernay, Wes Anderson, and the king of blockbusters himself, Mr. Spielberg, will be unveiling their latest directorial efforts over the first four months of 2018. The Last Jedi costar John Boyega and Welcome to the Jungle headliner Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson aren't resting on their laurels either and have fresh projects hitting the scene over that same period of time. From original stop-motion animated features to provocative sci-fi films, genre-blending comic book adaptations, and even a Taraji P. Henson action flick, the lineup for the next few months is varied, to say the least.Per usual, these films are listed in the order of their release date and we leave it to you (the readers) to decide which ones are your personal most anticipated releases for the first third of the year. So, without further ado, here is Screen Rant's 2018 Winter & Spring Movie Preview - The 15 Films to See.VIEW TRAILERSteven Spielberg is ringing in the New Year with a valuable history lesson, before he sets off on a virtual reality adventure this spring (more on that later).Spielberg's The Post is based on the true story of how The Washington Post (circa 1971) shed a light on the infamous Pentagon Papers, revealing years of government coverups that culminated with the Vietnam War in the process. Meryl Streep stars in the film as the Post's publisher, Katharine "Kay" Graham, and shares the screen with frequent Spielberg collaborator Tom Hanks as the newspaper's editor Ben Bradlee.The Post is currently playing in an Oscar-qualifying limited theatrical release and has already picked up several award nominations, in addition to being named the Best Film of 2017 by the National Board of Review. Early word of mouth is that the film rounds out the "trilogy" that Spielberg began with Lincoln in 2012 and continued with Bridge of Spies in 2015 - movies that reflect on important moments in U.S. history and hold a mirror up to present-day political concerns and issues. The Post is another Spielberg sermon, in other words, fueled by handsome production values and more talented character actors than you can shake a stick at. Awards season buffs and/or fans of late-era Spielberg won't want to miss this one.VIEW TRAILEREveryone's favorite Peruvian bear is back with another live-action movie and plenty of marmalade sandwiches to go around.Paddington 2 finds Paddington Bear (Ben Whishaw) having settled in nicely with the Brown family and become a popular member of the Windsor Gardens community. Unfortunately, Paddington's efforts to find the perfect present to celebrate his Aunt Lucy's (Imelda Staunton) 100th birthday then go terribly awry, thanks in no small part to the illicit deeds of one washed-up actor named Phoenix Buchanan (Hugh Grant).The Paddington sequel, like its predecessor, was co-written/directed by Paul King and features a human cast led by Hugh Bonneville, Sally Hawkins, Peter Capaldi, and Julie Walters. Word of mouth from across the pond in the UK (where the film opened this past November) is that Paddington 2 is just as charmingly whimsical and heartfelt as the first installment, thanks in no small part to the return of so many key players. The movie's U.S. release nearly veered off the rails due to the collapse of The Weinstein Company - its original domestic distributor - but thankfully, Warner Bros. has since picked Paddington 2 up. Here's to another delightful outing on the big screen with Paddington and the Browns!VIEW TRAILERThis January, Taraji P. Henson will take a break from playing Cookie Lyon on the small screen to go and try her hand at being an action star on the big screen.Henson stars in Proud Mary as (who else?) Mary Goodman, an extremely efficient and deadly hit woman who works for a powerful crime family based in Boston. However, everything changes for Mary when she crosses paths with a young boy (played by youngster Jahi Di'Allo Winston of Feed the Beast) during a hit job that - of course - goes wrong and forces Mary to make some major decisions that will forever impact her career as a killer for hire.Directed by Babak Najafi (Easy Money II: Hard to Kill, London Has Fallen), Proud Mary sounds like an assassin drama/thriller that has more than a few things in common with Luc Besson hits like Léon: The Professional and The Transporter (as well as, naturally, La Femme Nikita). It's the sort of pulpy flick that stands to be elevated by a noteworthy cast that includes Neal McDonough (Arrow, Legends of Tomorrow), Billy Brown (Sons of Anarchy, How to Get Away with Murder), and decorated veterans like Danny Glover, in addition to the Oscar-nominated Henson. Who knows? If Proud Mary proves to be a hit, it might even serve as the beginning of a Taken/Transporter-style franchise for its star.VIEW TRAILERWhereas Hunger Games split its finale in two and Divergent only got to tell three-quarters of its story, Maze Runner is wrapping up with a good old-fashioned trilogy.Maze Runner: The Death Cure picks up a year or so after the second Maze Runner installment (The Scorch Trials), as series protagonist Thomas (Dylan O'Brien) and his fellow Maze survivors prepare for one final showdown with the WCKD organization. Complicating matters is Teresa (Kara Scodelario), who you may recall tried - and failed - to get Thomas and the others to join her in aligning with WCKD in The Scorch Trials.Once scheduled to hit theaters in early 2017, The Death Cure was delayed by a year after O'Brien suffered a serious stunt-related injury on the film's set. Fortunately, the actor has since recovered in full and is ready to conclude the young adult sci-fi saga that he and his collaborators - including, series director Wes Ball - set in motion in 2014. With critical-favorite character actor Walton Goggins joining the returning Maze Runner ensemble and most of the same players involved behind the scenes, The Death Cure should be able to bring things to a satisfying conclusion without sacrificing narrative momentum or stretching things out unnecessarily in the process (a la its fellow YA dystopian properties).Paramount's third Cloverfield installment remains scheduled to arrive in early 2018, but has yet to get an official trailer (at the time of writing this).Once (and possibly still) titled God Particle, Cloverfield 3 revolves around a team of astronauts who work aboard a U.S. space station orbiting the earth. When the crew witnesses a Hadron collider accident that causes humanity's home planet to vanish, they are left with naught but a team of foreign space explorers to turn to for help. But is there more going on here than meets the eye? And can these mysterious new astronauts be trusted?Similar to Cloverfield and 10 Cloverfield Lane before it, Cloverfield 3 is a thriller based around a small group of people who are tried and tested by an extreme set of circumstances. Much like its predecessors featured then lesser-knowns Matt Reeves and Dan Trachtenberg at the helm, Cloverfield 3 is being directed by Julius Onah (The Girl Is in Trouble) and is tackling a genre that's brand new to the Cloverfield franchise (here, a space based mystery/thriller). It's possible that Cloverfield 3 will connect more directly to the other films than Cloverfield and 10 Cloverfield Lane did to each other - but with costar Gugu Mbatha-Raw admitting she has "no idea" how that's possible, it's best to not hold your breath.VIEW TRAILERBefore Thanos goes hunting for Infinity Stones, Marvel Studios will kick things off in 2018 by giving Chadwick Boseman’s T’Challa a solo movie of his own.Black Panther finds the young King of Wakanda beset by threats on all sides, following the death of his father in Captain America: Civil War. Those dangers include Michael B. Jordan as Erik Killmonger - the son of a banished family, who wants the Wakandan throne for himself - and the now one-armed, but no less dangerous, smuggler and black market dealer Ulysses Klaw (Andy Serkis).Black Panther cowriter/director Ryan Coogler has already shown he's capable of retaining his auteur sensibilities while working on a franchise movie, with his Oscar-nominated Rocky sequel/spinoff Creed. Indie filmmakers James Gunn and Taika Waititi injected their Marvel Cinematic Universe installments with lots of quirky humor, but the Black Panther trailers suggest Coogler is angling to deliver more of a geopolitical thriller. Armed with a slick Afrofuturistic aesthetic and a terrific cast that includes Oscar-winners Lupita Nyong'o and Forest Whitaker, The Walking Dead's Dana Gurrai, and Get Out's Daniel Kaluuya, the odds are in favor of Coogler hitting another home run with his third time at bat.VIEW TRAILEREx Machina writer/director Alex Garland is returning to the sci-fi genre in 2018, with a movie that promises to be equal parts thought-provoking and creepy.Annihilation, which Garland adapted from Jeff VanderMeer's novel of the same name, revolves around a biologist (Natalie Portman) whose husband (Ex Machina alum Oscar Isaac) is permanently changed after he returns from a mysterious "disaster zone". The biologist thus decides to venture into this strange new world herself, in order to try and find out exactly what happened to her significant other. Suffice it to say, things don't go as expected.If the film's intriguing premise and Garland's involvement behind the camera wasn't enough, Annihilation is further bolstered by an all star cast of women that, in addition to Portman, includes Tessa Thompson (Thor: Ragnarok), Gina Rodriguez (Jane the Virgin), Jennifer Jason Leigh (The Hateful Eight), and Ex Machina's Sonoya Mizuno. The Annihilation novel is the beginning of the Southern Reach Trilogy, meaning there's source material for sequels should Garland's adaptation prove to be a hit. While the film is expected to have relatively niche appeal (see also why Netflix is handling international distribution), it seems fair to assume that most everyone who gave Ex Machina a shake will/should do the same for Annihilation.VIEW TRAILERWe may never get a Black Widow solo movie, but we are getting a film about a Russian super spy/assassin played by an A-lister... just not Scarlett Johansson.The movie in question is Red Sparrow. Based on the 2013 novel by former CIA operative Jason Matthews, Red Sparrow stars Jennifer Lawrence as Dominika Egorava: a prima ballerina who suffers a career-wrecking injury and is left facing a future of uncertainty. However, Dominika is then approached by a secret intelligence service and offered a shiny new career path - that of a Sparrow, a secret operative trained to kill through the art of seduction.Red Sparrow reunites the Oscar-winning Jennifer Lawrence with her The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Mockingbird Part 1 & 2 director Francis Lawrence. Joining J-Law onscreen is a prestigious cast that includes Oscar-nominee Charlotte Rampling and Oscar-winner Jeremy Irons, as well as prolific character actors like Joel Edgerton, Mary Louise-Parker, and Justice League's own Steppenwolf, Ciarán Hinds. Francis Lawrence is arguably somewhat under-appreciated as a filmmaker and has continuously delivered handsome genre movies throughout his career (see also Constantine, I Am Legend, Water for Elephants). That doesn't look to change with Red Sparrow either, based on the trailer footage for the spy thriller.VIEW TRAILERDisney's latest live-action fairy tale feature moves away from the studio's famous animated filmography to adapt a literary classic, instead.A Wrinkle in Time is based on Madeleine L'Engle's 1962 novel and tells the story of Meg Murray (Storm Reid), a young girl who travels through the vastness of space in order to find and rescue her father (Chris Pine). Along the way, Meg crosses paths with various celestial beings, including a trio of magical women (Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon, and Mindy Kaling) who help guide her along on her increasingly dangerous adventure.Directed by Ava DuVernay of Selma and 13th fame, A Wrinkle in Time boasts lots of phantasmagorical imagery to go along with its inclusive, star studded cast, and intriguing narrative (scripted by Frozen co-director Jennifer Lee, no less). A Wrinkle in Time does have a disadvantage compared to recent live-action Disney smash hits like The Jungle Book and Beauty and the Beast, in that it doesn't have the same built-in audiences as those reimaginings of cherished Disney animated features. There's plenty of positive buzz surrounding the film right now, fortunately, and who knows - if A Wrinkle in Time hits it off with audiences, this might not be the only entry in L'Engle's Time Quintet that makes it to the big screen.VIEW TRAILERLara Croft is returning to the big screen at long last, only now brought to life by Alicia Vikander rather than her fellow Oscar-winner Angelina Jolie.Tomb Raider (2018) is a reboot of the video game movie franchise that winds the clock back to when Lara was in her early 20s and taking college classes in London, making her living as a bike courier. Everything changes when Lara uncovers a mystery surrounding the disappearance of her father (Dominic West) seven years earlier, and sets out to uncover the truth on an adventure that will evolve her into - what else? - a full-blooded tomb raider.The Tomb Raider video games got a gritty makeover in 2013 and the film reboot is unsurprisingly drawing heavily from the modern Tomb Raider games for its own reinvention of the property. Whereas the Jolie-headlined Tomb Raider movies were helmed by blockbuster schlockmeisters like Simon West and Jan de Bont, the 2018 version is being directed by acclaimed Norwegian filmmaker Roar Uthaug (The Wave) from a screenplay by up and comer Geneva Robertson-Dworet (who's also cowriting Captain Marvel). Video game adaptations are a difficult nut to crack - but between the behind the scenes talent, its down and dirty aesthetic, and Vikander leading the way, Tomb Raider may yet break the video game film "curse".VIEW TRAILERThe Pacific Rim sequel has taken longer than expected to arrive and lost director Guillermo del Toro along the way, but is finally (almost) here.Pacific Rim Uprising picks up a decade after the Battle of the Breach, in which the portal connecting our world with that of the kaiju (and their masters) was successfully closed. Nothing lasts forever though and before long, it falls to a new generation of Jaeger pilots - including one Jake Pentecost (John Boyega), the son of the late Stacker Pentecost (Idris Elba) - to rise to the challenge and face a new kaiju-related threat to our world.While del Toro ultimately stepped down as director on the Pacific Rim sequel in order to go make The Shape of Water instead, he left the project in some very promising and capable hands. In addition to director Steven S. DeKnight (the creator of Spartacus and showrunner on Daredevil season 1), Uprising was handled by writers like Kira Snyder (The Handmaid's Tale) and Emily Carmichael (The Adventures of Ledo and Ix) and boasts an international cast of up and comers like Scott Eastwood, Cailee Spaeny, Tian Jing, and Adria Arjona. Uprising will have a different look and feel than del Toro's installment, judging by the trailers, but may yet prove to be a worthy successor that opens new doors for this sci-fi/action franchise.VIEW TRAILERFollowing a couple of live-action ventures, Wes Anderson is returning to the world of stop-motion animation that he last visited in 2009's Fantastic Mr. Fox.Anderson's Isle of Dogs is an original project that takes place in a futuristic version of Japan where, in the wake of overpopulation concerns, all the dogs in the country have been moved to a secluded island to live out their days. However, when a boy named Atari (Koyu Rankin) arrives on the island looking for his beloved pup, it falls to the isle's canine residents to band together and help the young human reunite with his true best friend.Increasingly over time, Anderson's films have become filled to the brim with A-list acting talent and Isle of Dogs is no different in that respect. In addition to frequent Anderson collaborators like Bill Murray, Jeff Goldblum, and Edward Norton, the dogs in the film are voiced by people like Bryan Cranston, Scarlett Johansson, Courtney B. Vance, and even Lady Bird filmmaker Greta Gerwig. Anderson has made it no secret that Isle of Dogs is his own idiosyncratic salute to the collective works of iconic Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa (Seven Samurai, Rashomon), so the hope is that the movie will also be culturally sensitive in its westernized take on Japanese cinema tropes. Thus far, fortunately, that appears to be the case.VIEW TRAILERNever one content to focus on a single genre, director Steven Spielberg is returning to sci-fi/action territory for his second offering of the new year.Ready Player One is based on Ernest Cline's best-selling 2011 novel and tells the story of Wade Owen Watts (Tye Sheridan), a young man living in a dystopian future where the general population spends most of its time in the virtual reality landscape of OASIS rather than the real world. Everything changes when the creator of OASIS (Mark Rylance) dies and leaves behind one final game - the winner of which gains control of his fortune and OASIS itself.The trailers for Spielberg's Ready Player One (which Cline cowrote) have been packed with pop culture easter eggs and shiny virtual reality visuals, but have also revitalized criticisms of its source material - namely, that it's an outdated "boy saves the world" power fantasy. Spielberg is at a stage in his career where even his fantastical adventure films tend to be self-reflective in their storytelling approach (see also: The Adventures of Tintin and The BFG) and Ready Player One stands to benefit from his involvement, in that respect. Those who are wary of the film can also take comfort in Rylance's claims that Spielberg's movie is almost more like "an original story" than it is a strict page-to-screen translation of Cline's own book.VIEW TRAILERHaving tried their hand at raunchy self-reflexive comedy and gritty self-reflective drama, the X-Men movies are ready to tackle horror for the first time.Enter The New Mutants, a film adaptation of the X-Men spinoff comic book property (created by Chris Claremont and Bob McLeod in 1982) about a group of troubled teenaged mutants. The big screen version takes the New Mutants (characters like Magik, Cannonball, and Wolfsbane) and sticks them in a classic horror movie setting - that of a mysterious medical institution, where everything is almost certainly not what it appears to be.Josh Boone, who is both cowriter and director on New Mutants, is clearly serious about taking the X-Men franchise into full-blown horror genre territory here. The superhero property has now gone R-Rated on two occasions - with Tim Miller's Deadpool and James Mangold's Logan - and has even gotten a David Lynch-inspired surreal makeover on the small screen, with Noah Hawley's Legion TV show. Between its Nightmare on Elm Street-inspired visuals and casting of horror film veterans like Anya Taylor-Joy (The Witch, Split), New Mutants aims to mix things up in a similarly audacious manner. Whether it succeeds, fails, or something in-between, New Mutants is definitely one that X-Men movie fans won't want to miss.VIEW TRAILERAfter being trapped in a video game in Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle, Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is now bringing a real video game to the big screen.Rampage is based on the arcade/video game and features The Rock as Davis Okoye, a primatologist who must help save the day when his best friend - a highly intelligent silverback gorilla - is mutated into a gigantic, city-wrecking creature. Naomie Harris costars as a genetic engineer who teams up with Okoye when the pair discover that there are now several enormous monsters wreaking havoc (and ruining infrastructure) across the world.The Rampage adaptation reunites Johnson with his Journey 2: The Mysterious Island and San Andreas director Brad Peyton for another spectacle-fueled pice of popcorn entertainment. Depending on how you look at it, the original Rampage gaming property's lack of plot gives the movie version an advantage/disadvantage over past adaptations of video game franchises with denser mythologies (a la Warcraft and Assassin's Creed). With the exception of Baywatch, Johnson's efforts to expand his "brand" in recent years have proven fruitful and Rampage may yet prove to be another rewarding venture for the actor. It does feature The Rock doing battle with giant gorillas, wolves, and crocodiles after all.Insidious: The Last Key (January 5) - Yes, Lin Shaye's demon-battling Elise Rainier died in the first Insidious movie, but she's back once again for the franchise's fourth installment. Question is, as the sequel to a prequel to the original film, can The Last Key find a fresh angle on this aging supernatural horror property?The Commuter (January 12) - Liam Neeson and director Jaume Collet-Serra are teaming up again for a movie where Neeson must solve a mystery aboard a moving vehicle (see also Non-Stop). Neeson and Collet-Serra's collaborations have provided good pulpy entertainment thus far, so hopefully their "Taken on a Train" thriller will follow suit too.Winchester: The House That Ghosts Built (February 2) - A movie "inspired by real events" about Helen Mirren hanging out in a big ol' weird house full of ghosts sounds like good fun. Directors Michael and Peter Spierig has an uneven track record (Predestination, Daybreakers, Jigsaw), but hopefully this one will be more The Woman in Black than not.Early Man (February 16) - Aardman Animations' comical caveman adventure is being sold as the studio's most ambitious claymation feature to date. That's nothing to sneeze at given their previous output (Chicken Run, Wallace & Gromit, Shaun the Sheep), but will it be enough for the very British Early Man to become a proper crossover success stateside?Super Troopers 2 (April 20) - A Super Troopers sequel is finally upon, after years of Broken Lizard fans asking for another outing with Vermont's worst state troopers right meow (had to be done). Can director/star Jay Chandrasekhar and his collaborators finally break the curse of belated cult comedy sequels turning out badly (see: Dumb and Dumber To, Zoolander No. 2, and so on)?
Tags:
tomb raider,
black panther,
new mutants,
rampage,
a wrinkle in time,
pacific rim 2,
Red Sparrow,
ready player one,
the death cure,
annihilation,
paddington 2,
god particle,
isle of dogs,
the post,
proud mary,
cloverfield 3
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
While most people are probably ready to say "good riddance" to 2017 and ring in the New Year already, there's still some quality television to enjoy before it is time to sing 'Auld Lang Syne'. After that, however, you're free to welcome all the new and returning TV shows that'll be hitting your screens in 2018. There's plenty to look forward to, as we whittle away the winter and excuse a little extra time in front of the flat screen on account of how short the days are. But before the holidays are over, fans get to look forward to a new Doctor Who, some stylish thuggery with the premiere of Peaky Blinders season 4, and the return of the techno-fueled nightmare that is Black Mirror on Netflix.After that, though, it's full steam ahead, with the return of The CW's Arrowverse lineup, the premiere of Black Lightning, new episodes of The X-Files, as well as the series premieres of L.A. to Vegas, and 9-1-1. February is also surprisingly busy with the premiere of Netflix's impressive looking Altered Carbon, as well as the return of Strike Back, The Tick, and Ash vs. Evil Dead.Related: Strike Back Season 5 Trailer Introduces You to the New TeamAll in all, it's going to be a busy beginning of the year for TV fans, as networks, cable channels, and streaming services all compete for your time. Here are the premiere dates for new and returning TV shows in the winter of 2017-2018:Wednesday, December 20The Librarians – TNT, 8pmThursday, December 21 Peaky Blinders – NetflixGreat News – NBC, 8pmMonday, December 25Doctor Who: Christmas Special – BBC America, 9pmCall the Midwife – PBS, 9pmFriday, December 29Black Mirror  -- Netflix Next: January 2018 TV Premiere Dates
Tags:
the flash,
x-files,
doctor who,
altered carbon,
the walking dead,
supergirl,
the magicians,
arrow,
peaky blinders,
Black Mirror,
legends of tomorrow,
star trek discovery
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With Marvel’s Avengers: Endgame and Captain Marvel set to release soon, lots of money will be spent at North American movie theaters. However, the biggest box office hit of 2019 isn’t a Hollywood blockbuster or a franchise comic adaptation. It’s The Wandering Earth, a Chinese science fiction film about a global effort to thrust planet Earth from its orbit and into a new star system.Produced for $50 million, The Wandering Earth released on February 5 and has quickly become a cinematic phenomenon. In China, the film has already become the country’s second highest-grossing movie of all time, not far behind the 2017 action sequel Wolf Warrior 2 (which also features Wu Jing in a starring role). The Wandering Earth is directed by 38-year-old Chinese filmmaker Frant Gwo, whose previous film was the 2014 coming-of-age drama My Old Classmate.Related: Iron Man 3 Was Different In China: What Scenes Were Added (& Why)?Intrigued? You should be. Here's everything we know about The Wandering Earth.The Wandering Earth Is Currently 2019’s Top Grossing MovieTo date, The Wandering Earth has grossed over $600 million worldwide. For context, it has doubled the second highest-grossing film of 2019, Crazy Alien, which is also a Chinese production. It's only in third where you get Western films: Glass, with How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World and Alita: Battle Angel not far behind.Last year, Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War grossed over $2 billion worldwide, becoming the fourth highest-grossing film ever produced. Meanwhile, China actually surpassed North America for the first time as the world’s largest box office market, at least during the year’s opening quarter. The Wandering Earth's massive success marks yet another big moment for the Chinese movie industry.Why Haven’t I Heard of The Wandering Earth?At the time of release, The Wandering Earth was only available to Chinese audiences. Last January, however, Beijing’s CMC Pictures announced that the science fiction film would indeed have a limited February release in North America. Unless you’re living in a big city, though, it’s unlikely that The Wandering Earth will be playing at your local movie theatre. Fortunately, it will be available to stream later this year.Related: China's Box Office Isn't As Important As Hollywood ThinksNetflix Just Bought The Wandering EarthOn February 20, Netflix acquired the international streaming rights for The Wandering Earth. In an official statement (via Deadline), Netflix’s Manager of Content Acquisition, Jerry Zhang, stated that the streaming powerhouse is “committed to providing entertainment lovers with access to a wide variety of global content.”Netflix will reportedly translate The Wandering Earth into 28 languages. Until The Wandering Earth arrives on Netflix, subscribers can check out its star, Wu Jing, by streaming his 2016 film Call of Heroes.More: 9 Post-Apocalyptic TV Shows to Watch on Netflix
Tags:
the wandering earth
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Hollywood Foreign Press Association has revealed its movie, TV show, and limited series nominations for the 2019 Golden Globes ceremony. The nominees were announced by Terry Crews, Danai Gurira, Leslie Mann, and Christian Slater on Thursday morning, December 6.While there's still a ways to go until next year's Academy Awards ceremony, several films have already emerged as front-runners in this year's awards season derby. Bradley Cooper's A Star is Born and Yorgos Lanthimos' The Favourite are among the movies near the front of the pack, as are critical darlings like Alfonso Cuarón's Roma, Peter Farrelly's Green Book, and Barry Jenkins' If Beale Street Could Talk. At the same time, acclaimed films that opened in theaters earlier this year (namely, Ryan Coogler's Black Panther and Spike Lee's BlacKkKlansman) will remain in the race to the Oscars, however things play out at the Golden Globes.Related: Andy Samberg & Sandra Oh to Host 2019 Golden GlobesMeanwhile, on the TV front, HBO's Sharp Objects and AMC's The Little Drummer Girl limited series adaptations are expected to earn their fair share of recognition from the awards shows to come, starting with the Golden Globes. Brand-new TV shows likes HBO's Barry and BBC America's Killing Eve have already been widely celebrated and recognized by awards bodies this year, and should only continue to rack up more nominations from here. The same goes for the celebrated sophomore seasons of returning comedies like FX's Atlanta (aka. Atlanta: Robbin' Season) and Netflix's GLOW - though, the muted response to HBO's Westworld season 2 may hurt its own awards season prospects.With all that in mind, here are the nominees for this year's Golden Globes ceremony:Best Motion Picture - DramaBlack Panther BlacKkKlansman Bohemian Rhapsody If Beale Streat Could Talk A Star Is BornBest Motion Picture - Musical or ComedyCrazy Rich Asians The Favourite Green Book Mary Poppins ReturnsViceBest Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - DramaGlenn Close, The WifeLady Gaga, A Star Is BornNicole Kidman, DestroyerMelissa McCarthy, Can You Ever Forgive Me?Rosamund Pike, A Private WarBest Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - DramaBradley Cooper, A Star is BornWillem Dafoe, At Eternity's GateLucas Hedges, Boy ErasedRami Malek, Bohemian RhapsodyJohn David Washington, BlacKkKlansmanBest Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - Musical or ComedyEmily Blunt, Mary Poppins ReturnsOlivia Colman, The FavouriteElsie Fisher, Eighth GradeCharlize Theron, TullyConstance Wu, Crazy Rich AsiansBest Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Musical or ComedyChristian Bale, ViceLin-Manuel Miranda, Mary Poppins ReturnsViggo Mortensen, Green BookRobert Redford, The Old Man & the GunJohn C. Reilly, Stan & OllieBest Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in any Motion PictureAmy Adams, ViceClaire Foy, First ManRegina King, If Beale Street Could TalkEmma Stone, The FavouriteRachel Weisz, The FavouriteBest Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion PictureMahershala Ali, Green BookTimothée Chalamet, Beautiful BoyRichard E. Grant, Can You Ever Forgive Me?Sam Rockwell, ViceAdam Driver, BlacKkKlansmanBest Director - Motion PictureBradley Cooper, A Star is BornAlfonso Cuarón, RomaPeter Farrelly, Green BookSpike Lee, BlacKkKlansmanAdam McKay, ViceBest Screenplay - Motion PictureAlfonso Cuarón, RomaDeborah Davis and Tony McNamara, The FavouriteBarry Jenkins, If Beale Street Could TalkAdam McKay, VicePeter Farrelly, Nick Vallelonga, Brian Currie, Green BookBest Motion Picture - AnimatedIncredibles 2 Isle of Dogs Mirai Ralph Breaks the Internet Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse Best Motion Picture - Foreign LanguageCapernaum Girl Never Look Away Roma ShopliftersBest Original Score - Motion PictureA Quiet Place Isle of Dogs Black Panther First Man Mary Poppins ReturnsBest Original Song - Motion Picture"All the Stars", Black Panther"Girl in the Movies", Dumplin’"Requiem for a Private War", A Private War"Revelation", Boy Erased"Shallow", A Star Is BornBest Television Series - DramaThe Americans Bodyguard Homecoming Killing Eve PoseBest Television Series - Musical or ComedyBarry The Good Place Kidding The Kominsky Method The Marvelous Mrs. MaiselBest Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for TelevisionThe AlienistThe Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryEscape at DannemoraSharp ObjectsA Very English ScandalBest Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or a Motion Picture Made for TelevisionAmy Adams, Sharp ObjectsPatricia Arquette, Escape at DannemoraConnie Britton, Dirty JohnLaura Dern, The TaleRegina King, Seven SecondsBest Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or a Motion Picture Made for TelevisionAntonio Banderas, Genius: PicasoDarren Criss, The Assassination of Giovanni Versace: American Crime StoryBenedict Cumberbatch, Patrick MelroseDaniel Brühl, The AlienistHugh Grant, A Very English ScandalBest Performance by an Actress In A Television Series - DramaCaitriona Balfe, OutlanderElisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's TaleSandra Oh, Killing EveJulia Roberts, HomecomingKeri Russell, The AmericansBest Performance by an Actor In A Television Series - DramaJason Bateman, OzarkStephan James, HomecomingRichard Madden, BodyguardBilly Porter, PoseMatthew Rhys, The AmericansBest Performance by an Actress in a Television Series - Musical or ComedyKristen Bell, The Good PlaceCandice Bergen, Murphy BrownAlison Brie, GLOWRachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. MaiselDebra Messing, Will & GraceBest Performance by an Actor in a Television Series - Musical or ComedySasha Baron Cohen, Who is America?Jim Carrey, KiddingMichael Douglas, The Kominsky MethodDonald Glover, AtlantaBill Hader, BarryBest Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for TelevisionAlex Bornstein, The Marvelous Mrs. MaiselPatricia Clarkson, Sharp ObjectsPenelope Cruz, The Assassination of Giovanni Versace: American Crime StoryThandie Newton, WestworldYvonne Strahovski, The Handmaid's TaleBest Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for TelevisionAlan Arkin, The Kominsky MethodKieran Culkin, SuccessionEdgar Ramírez, The Assassination of Giovanni Versace: American Crime StoryBen Whishaw, A Very English ScandalHenry Winkler, BarryMORE: Oscars 2019 Best Picture PredictionsThe 76th Annual Golden Globe Awards airs live on January 6 @8pm ET/5pm PT on NBC.Source: The Hollywood Foreign Press Association
Tags:
golden globes
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The time has come for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association to reveal the winners in film and television for the 2019 Golden Globes Awards Ceremony. Traditionally, the annual January awards show serves as a precursor to events like the Oscars and Emmys in the months to follow. Some years, of course, the majority of Golden Globes winners go on to dominate the remainder of a particular awards season, while in other years they're the exceptions and not the rule. Naturally, much of the fun comes from not knowing which one they'll be and whether the unexpected winners at the Globes will continue to rack up victories in the future.Heading into the Golden Globes, this year's awards race is arguably as open as it's ever been in the past. Blockbusters like Black Panther are competing against more typical awards-friendly offerings, such as BlacKkKlansman and A Star is Born. Meanwhile, newcomer TV series like Killing Eve and Pose are going up against the final season of FX's The Americans, and HBO intends to dominate the limited series category yet again, thanks to Sharp Objects. Now, we find out who won, who lost, and how the 2019 ceremony went under Andy Samberg and Sandra Oh's watch as hosts.Related: Golden Globes 2019: The Biggest Surprises From The Weirdest Awards EverRead on for the full list of winners in the film, TV, and limited TV series/TV movie categories at the 2018 Golden Globes ceremony - and let us known in the comments section if your favorites won!Black Panther BlacKkKlansman WINNER: Bohemian Rhapsody If Beale Streat Could Talk A Star Is BornCrazy Rich Asians The Favourite WINNER: Green Book Mary Poppins ReturnsViceWINNER: Glenn Close, The WifeLady Gaga, A Star Is BornNicole Kidman, DestroyerMelissa McCarthy, Can You Ever Forgive Me?Rosamund Pike, A Private WarBradley Cooper, A Star is BornWillem Dafoe, At Eternity's GateLucas Hedges, Boy ErasedWINNER: Rami Malek, Bohemian RhapsodyJohn David Washington, BlacKkKlansmanEmily Blunt, Mary Poppins ReturnsWINNER: Olivia Colman, The FavouriteElsie Fisher, Eighth GradeCharlize Theron, TullyConstance Wu, Crazy Rich AsiansWINNER: Christian Bale, ViceLin-Manuel Miranda, Mary Poppins ReturnsViggo Mortensen, Green BookRobert Redford, The Old Man & the GunJohn C. Reilly, Stan & OllieAmy Adams, ViceClaire Foy, First ManWINNER: Regina King, If Beale Street Could TalkEmma Stone, The FavouriteRachel Weisz, The FavouriteWINNER: Mahershala Ali, Green BookTimothée Chalamet, Beautiful BoyRichard E. Grant, Can You Ever Forgive Me?Sam Rockwell, ViceAdam Driver, BlacKkKlansmaBradley Cooper, A Star is BornWINNER: Alfonso Cuarón, RomaPeter Farrelly, Green BookSpike Lee, BlacKkKlansmanAdam McKay, ViceAlfonso Cuarón, RomaDeborah Davis and Tony McNamara, The FavouriteBarry Jenkins, If Beale Street Could TalkAdam McKay, ViceWINNER: Peter Farrelly, Nick Vallelonga, Brian Currie, Green BookIncredibles 2 Isle of Dogs Mirai Ralph Breaks the Internet WINNER: Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse Capernaum Girl Never Look Away WINNER: Roma ShopliftersA Quiet Place Isle of Dogs Black Panther WINNER: First Man Mary Poppins Returns"All the Stars", Black Panther"Girl in the Movies", Dumplin’"Requiem for a Private War", A Private War"Revelation", Boy ErasedWINNER: "Shallow", A Star Is BornWINNER: The Americans Bodyguard Homecoming Killing Eve PoseBarry The Good Place Kidding WINNER: The Kominsky Method The Marvelous Mrs. MaiselThe AlienistWINNER: The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime StoryEscape at DannemoraSharp ObjectsA Very English ScandalAmy Adams, Sharp ObjectsWINNER: Patricia Arquette, Escape at DannemoraConnie Britton, Dirty JohnLaura Dern, The TaleRegina King, Seven SecondsAntonio Banderas, Genius: PicasoWINNER: Darren Criss, The Assassination of Giovanni Versace: American Crime StoryBenedict Cumberbatch, Patrick MelroseDaniel Brühl, The AlienistHugh Grant, A Very English ScandalCaitriona Balfe, OutlanderElisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's TaleWINNER: Sandra Oh, Killing EveJulia Roberts, HomecomingKeri Russell, The AmericansJason Bateman, OzarkStephan James, HomecomingWINNER: Richard Madden, BodyguardBilly Porter, PoseMatthew Rhys, The AmericansKristen Bell, The Good PlaceCandice Bergen, Murphy BrownAlison Brie, GLOWWINNER: Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs. MaiselDebra Messing, Will & GraceSasha Baron Cohen, Who is America?Jim Carrey, KiddingWINNER: Michael Douglas, The Kominsky MethodDonald Glover, AtlantaBill Hader, BarryAlex Bornstein, The Marvelous Mrs. MaiselWINNER: Patricia Clarkson, Sharp ObjectsPenelope Cruz, The Assassination of Giovanni Versace: American Crime StoryThandie Newton, WestworldYvonne Strahovski, The Handmaid's TaleAlan Arkin, The Kominsky MethodKieran Culkin, SuccessionEdgar Ramírez, The Assassination of Giovanni Versace: American Crime StoryWINNER: Ben Whishaw, A Very English ScandalHenry Winkler, BarryMORE: Oscars 2019 Best Picture Predictions
Tags:
golden globes
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
There are a whole lot of movies coming out in 2019 and they run the gamut from superhero tentpoles to live-action retellings of Disney animated classics, animated sequels, prestigious historical dramas, and everything in-between. 2018 has only just concluded its run and it was a pretty terrific year for movies overall. This past month was especially impressive, with critically-acclaimed films like Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, Mary Poppins Returns, Aquaman, and Bumblebee all releasing within a week or so of one another.As always, things are slowing down now that January has arrived. Moviegoers would do best to catch their breath while they can, however, because it won't be long before the first hotly-anticipated films of 2019 start make their way to theaters (starting near the end of this month). In the meantime, we're going to run-down Every Movie Coming Out in 2019.Related: 2019 Winter & Spring Movie Preview – The 15 Films to SeeThis Page: January-March 2019Page 2: April-August 2019Page 3: September-December 2019Escape Room (Friday, January 4) - An original horror-thriller that pits six strangers against an escape room challenge that turns out to be a series of deadly traps.A Dog's Way Home (Friday, January 11) - The adaptation of W. Bruce Cameron's book follows a dog on a 400-mile journey to reunite with her owner.The Upside (Friday, January 11) - A remake of the 2011 French film The Intouchables about a paralyzed billionaire (Bryan Cranston) and his caretaker (Kevin Hart).Glass (Friday, January 18) - M. Night Shymalan's sequel to Unbreakable and Split. Bruce Willis, Samuel L. Jackson, James McAvoy, and Anya Taylor-Joy reprise their roles from those films.The Kid Who Would Be King (Friday, January 25) - A fantasy adventure in which a modern London schoolboy picks up Excalibur and battles the evil sorceress Morgana (Rebecca Ferguson).Serenity (Friday, January 25) - Matthew McConaughey stars in this mystery-thriller as a fishing boat captain whose ex-wife (Anne Hathaway) asks him to murder her abusive new husband.Miss Bala (Friday, February 1) - A remake of the 2011 Mexican drama that stars Gina Rodriguez as a makeup artist who is kidnapped by and fights back against a Mexican drug cartel.Jacob's Ladder (Friday, February 1) - A remake of the 1990 psychological horror-thriller that stars Michael Ealy as a war veteran haunted by bizarre visions and hallucinations.The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part (Friday, February 8) - The sequel to The LEGO Movie. Chris Pratt, Elizabeth Banks, and Will Arnett reprise their voice roles from the original film.What Men Want (Friday, February 8) - Taraji P. Henson plays a woman who can read men's minds in this gender-swapped remake of the 2000 comedy What Women Want.Cold Pursuit (Friday, February 8) - Liam Neeson stars as a snowplow driver seeking revenge against a drug cartel. An Americanized remake of the 2011 Norwegian dark action-comedy In Order of Disappearance.The Prodigy (Friday, February 8) - A horror-thriller that stars Taylor Schilling as a mother whose son starts to behave in disturbing ways and may be supernaturally possessed.Isn't It Romantic (Thursday, February 14) - Rebel Wilson stars in this comedy as a woman who is knocked out during an attempted mugging and wakes up in a PG-13 rom-com universe.Alita: Battle Angel (Thursday, February 14) - A live-action adaptation of the sci-fi action manga that was directed by Robert Rodriguez and co-written/produced by James Cameron.Happy Death Day 2U (Thursday, February 14) - The sequel to Blumhouse's sci-fi slasher horror-comedy Happy Death Day. Jessica Rothe and Israel Broussard reprise their roles from the first movie.Fighting with My Family (Thursday, February 14) - A docudrama-comedy inspired by Saraya-Jade Bevis' real life journey to becoming the WWE wrestling sensation Paige.How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World (Friday, February 22) - The third and final entry in the How to Train Your Dragon series. Jay Baruchel and America Ferrera reprise their voice roles from the previous films.The Rhythm Section (Friday, February 22) - Blake Lively stars as a woman who becomes an assassin as she hunts down the people responsible for her family's death. Based on the novel by Mark Burnell.The Turning (Friday, February 22) - A modern adaptation of Henry James' novel The Turn of the Screw. Mackenzie Davis stars as a nanny who cares for two orphans in what she comes to believe is a haunted house.Tyler Perry's A Madea Family Funeral (Friday, March 1) - Madea (Tyler Perry) and her family's attempt to plan a funeral goes awry in this comedy. This will reportedly be Perry's last Madea film.Greta (Friday, March 1) - A young woman (Chloë Grace Moretz) befriends a lonely widow (Isabelle Huppert) who's not what she seems in this Neil Jordan thriller.Captain Marvel (Friday, March 8) - The second to last film in Phase 3 of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Brie Larson stars as Carol Danvers, an ex-U.S. Air Force pilot who becomes one of the galaxy's most powerful heroes.Us (Friday, March 15) - A family on vacation battles their evil doppelgängers in Jordan Peele's second horror-thriller after Get Out.Wonder Park (Friday, March 15) - An original animated film about a young girl who imagines a magical amusement park populated by talking animals... only to discover the park exists in real-life.Greyhound (Friday, March 22) -  Tom Hanks stars as the newly-minted commander of the Navy destroyer Greyhound in this WWII drama. Based on the novel The Good Shepherd by C. S. Forester.The Beach Bum (Friday, March 22) - Harmony Korine's comedy stars Matthew McConaughey as a stoner named Moondog, who lives life by his own rules.Five Feet Apart (Friday, March 22) - A pair of teenagers with cystic fibrosis fall in love while struggling to battle their illnesses. Adapted from the novel by Rachel Lippincott.Where'd You Go, Bernadette (Friday, March 22) - Cate Blanchett plays an architect who mysteriously disappears one day, leaving it to daughter to find her. Based on the novel by Maria Semple.The Informer (Friday, March 22) - Joel Kinnaman stars as a special ops soldier-turned convict who teams up with the FBI to take down a powerful crime boss. Adapted from the book Three Seconds by Roslund & Hellström.Captive State (Friday, March 29) - This original sci-fi thriller takes place ten years after an alien force occupies earth. John Goodman, Ashton Saunders, and Vera Farmiga star in the film.Dumbo (Friday, March 29) - Tim Burton directs this live-action remake of Disney's animated film about an infant circus elephant whose enormous ears allow him to fly.Wounds (Friday, March 29) - A psychological thriller about a New Orleans bartender (Armie Hammer) whose life begins to fall apart after he picks up a phone left behind at his bar.Next Page: April-August 2019Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
2019 will be the year of superhero movies, seeing the release of a record-setting amount: a whopping eleven films. As the superhero movie craze continues, next year looks poised to be the prime example of how invested Hollywood as a whole really is. There's the usual amount of Marvel movies, but increased output from Warner Bros. and DC, as well as some final Fox X-Men titles. All of these make up an astonishing ten confirmed 2019 superhero movies.Just how big of a jump is this? Well, in 2018 six live-action superhero movies hit theaters (Black Panther, Avengers: Infinity War, Deadpool 2, Ant-Man & the Wasp, Venom and Aquaman). Even if this is expanded to include animated movies like Teen Titans Go! To The Movies and Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, that's only eight. 2017 and 2016 each had seven movies; 2015 had just three; 2014 had four, and 2013 had five. Each of those years felt loaded with superhero movies in their own right, but 2019 will blow past them - and it isn't entirely by design.Related: Every Superhero Movie Coming In 2020Before we lay out the insane 2019 lineup, it's worth clarifying that two of the films weren't intended to be released that late. Both of Fox's X-Men titles in 2019 - Dark Phoenix and New Mutants - were originally scheduled to hit theaters in 2018, before reshoots delayed each release. As such 2019 was supposed to have only eight movies. Things were further changed when Wonder Woman 1984 moved back from November 2019 to Summer 2020. Regardless, Diana Prince's exit wasn't enough to stop 2019 having an all-time lineup.Last updated: January 2, 2019Glass - January 18While no one knew M. Night Shyamalan's Split was part of a superhero universe back in 2017, everyone is now aware of this fact with Glass. The film is a sequel to both Split and Unbreakable that brings together the casts from both films. Bruce Willis returns as David Dunn, as does Samuel L. Jackson as Elijah Price, James McAvoy as the Beast, and Anya Taylor-Joy as Casey Cooke. With a release date of January 18, it means 2019 barely gets two weeks in before the superhero action begins. However, in classic Shyamalan fashion, Glass doesn't want to be a standard superhero film.Related: Glass: Every Update You Need To KnowCaptain Marvel - March 8Marvel Studios kicks off their 2019 slate on March 8 with one of their most important films to date: Captain Marvel will be the MCU's first movie ever to be led by a female. Oscar-winner Brie Larson takes the mantle of Carol Danvers, an airforce pilot gifted with alien powers (and cosmic suit to match). Directed by Ryan Fleck and Anna Boden - the latter being the first female to receive directing credit on an MCU film - Captain Marvel goes back to the 1990s to tell her origin and explore the Kree-Skrull war. Joining Larson are familiar MCU faces like Samuel L. Jackson (Nick Fury), Clark Gregg (Phil Coulson), Lee Pace (Ronan), and Djimon Hounsou (Korath), as well as newcomers like Jude Law, Ben Mendelsohn, Annette Bening, Gemma Chan, and more.Related: Captain Marvel: Every Update You Need To KnowShazam! - April 5The first of three DC movies to hit theaters in 2019 will be Shazam! on April 5. Warner Bros. attempt to start a cinematic universe currently has more misses than hits, and it's no surprise that Shazam! is looking to emulate the lighter tone of the DCEU's biggest hit, Wonder Woman. Zachary Levi will play the superhero portion of the leading role, while Asher Angel stars as Billy Batson - a kid who gains superpowers from a mysterious wizard. They'll fight Mark Strong's Doctor Sivana, while Jack Dylan Grazer's Freddy Freeman tags along as the comedic friend. Horror director David F. Sandberg makes the jump to studio superhero film, and the first trailer gives a strong indication that what he's created will deliver.Related: Shazam Movie: Every Update You Need To KnowHellboy arrives in theaters on April 12, looking to reboot the character with a new take. The movie obviously comes on the heels of Guillermo Del Toro and Ron Perlman's two films that are quite loved, giving new star David Harbour a tough bar to hit. Neil Marshall steps in as the director, while Harbour is surrounded by Ian McShane, Milla Jovovich, Daniel Dae Kim, Sasha Lane, and more. The big difference comes with the R-rated approach they're taking now. A Hellboy trailer was light on that R, but certainly promised a unique adventure.The biggest movie, not just of the superhero genre, in 2019 is arguably Avengers: Endgame. After Avengers: Infinity War set the box office ablaze in 2018, Avengers 4 looks to wrap up eleven years of storytelling, while also setting up a future for the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Thanos (Josh Brolin) will return to foil the Avengers, whose numbers are significantly smaller now (by approximately 50%). Larson's Captain Marvel joins the fray, along with Paul Rudd's Ant-Man. The high levels of secrecy currently surrounding Avengers: Endgame meant even its title was a secret until the trailer released in early December 2018, a marketing trick that has only kept everyone talking about the unknown aspects.Related: Avengers 4: Every Update You Need To KnowPage 2: Five More Superhero Movies Coming In 2019
Tags:
spawn,
shazam,
new mutants,
hellboy,
the avengers 4,
captain marvel,
spider-man homecoming 2,
x-men dark phoenix,
glass,
wonder woman 2,
joker
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Winter is here and spring is on the way, so we're counting down the movies to see over the first four months of 2019. (May, per Screen Rant tradition, will be covered in our summer preview.) 2018 was pretty back-loaded when it came to films, with several tentpoles hitting theaters in the second half of December alone. So, in a way, it's good that things are going to slow down a bit and give everyone time to get caught up on 2018's late-year blockbusters (Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse, Aquaman, etc.).That's not to say early 2019 is hurting for event movies - far from it. Both the Marvel Cinematic Universe and DC Extended Universe have new films coming out, culminating with the release of this year's followup to Avengers: Infinity War. Of course, if superheroes aren't your flavor, there are several promising animated features on the horizon, including the much-anticipated finale to the How to Train Your Dragon series. Horror fans will also have multiple offerings to choose from, including one that's of the comic book variety.Related: All the Movie Franchises Ending in 2019To help narrow things down, we've put together a list of 15 Winter & Spring 2019 movies to see (along with some honorable mentions, at the end). The films are numbered in the order of their theatrical release date, so feel free to let us know what your personal most anticipated movies are in the comments section!This Page: Superheroes, LEGOs & DragonsPage 2: (More) Superheroes, Horror Movies & Honorable MentionsPlot Summary: M. Night Shyamalan brings together the narratives of two of his standout originals - 2000’s Unbreakable, from Touchstone, and 2016’s Split, from Universal - in one explosive, all-new comic-book thriller: Glass. From Unbreakable, Bruce Willis returns as David Dunn as does Samuel L. Jackson as Elijah Price, known also by his pseudonym Mr. Glass. Joining from Split are James McAvoy, reprising his role as Kevin Wendell Crumb and the multiple identities who reside within, and Anya Taylor-Joy as Casey Cooke, the only captive to survive an encounter with The Beast. Following the conclusion of Split, Glass finds Dunn pursuing Crumb’s superhuman figure of The Beast in a series of escalating encounters, while the shadowy presence of Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men.VIEW TRAILERThe Breakdown: Unbreakable fans have been waiting nearly two decades for Glass and, judging by the trailers, their patience may yet be rewarded. M. Night Shyamalan's earned his best reviews in years since he went back to making modestly budgeted thrillers, and now aims to keep that trend going with his own shared universe sequel. More than anything, Glass looks and feels strikingly different from every other superhero movie coming out in 2019 - which is good, considering how saturated the genre's going to be that year. Plus, it's a Shyamalan movie, so you know there's going to be a major twist (or two) that everyone will be watching for.Plot Summary: Old school magic meets the modern world in the epic adventure THE KID WHO WOULD BE KING. Alex (Ashbourne Serkis) thinks he's just another nobody, until he stumbles upon the mythical Sword in the Stone, Excalibur. Now, he must unite his friends and enemies into a band of knights and, together with the legendary wizard Merlin (Patrick Stewart), take on the wicked enchantress Morgana (Rebecca Ferguson). With the future at stake, Alex must become the great leader he never dreamed he could be.VIEW TRAILERThe Breakdown: You might not know the name Joe Cornish, but his 2011 directorial debut Attack the Block was an acclaimed sci-fi adventure that jump-started both Star Wars' John Boyega and Doctor Who's Jodie Whittaker's careers. Cornish is finally back with a new movie that has many of the same elements (a diverse group of young Londoners banding together to battle a fantastical threat) as his debut, and may yet prove to be equally entertaining for it. The Kid Who Would Be King's trailers are certainly playful and, really, any Arthurian reimagining that casts Stewart and Ferguson as Merlin and Morgana is doing (at least) two things right.Plot Summary: The much-anticipated sequel to the critically acclaimed, global box office phenomenon that started it all, “The LEGO® Movie 2: The Second Part” reunites the heroes of Bricksburg in an all new action-packed adventure to save their beloved city. It’s been five years since everything was awesome and the citizens are now facing a huge new threat: LEGO DUPLO® invaders from outer space, wrecking everything faster than it can be rebuilt. The battle to defeat the invaders and restore harmony to the LEGO universe will take Emmet, Lucy, Batman and their friends to faraway, unexplored worlds, including a strange galaxy where everything is a musical. It will test their courage, creativity and Master Building skills, and reveal just how special they really are.VIEW TRAILERThe Breakdown: The LEGO Movie 2 looks like a perfectly satisfactory kid's movie sequel... which is both a good and not-so-good thing. LEGO Movie directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller only worked on the script this time around, so that may explain why The LEGO Movie 2 trailer footage has felt somewhat generic and lacking its predecessor's freshness. At the same time, the sequel adds some promising names to the returning voice cast (Stephanie Beatriz, Tiffany Haddish) and promises to deliver much of what audiences love about the LEGO film brand. Everything might not be awesome anymore, but things could still be cool enough here.Plot Summary: Based on a true story, FIGHTING WITH MY FAMILY follows reformed gangster Ricky, wife Julia, daughter Paige and son Zak as they make a living wrestling together in tiny venues. When Paige and Zak get the opportunity to try out for WWE, the family grabs a once-in-a-lifetime chance to turn their wildest dreams into a dazzling future. However, brother and sister quickly discover that to become superstars, both their talent and their relationship will be put to the test. FIGHTING WITH MY FAMILY is a heartwarming and smart comedy that proves everything is worth fighting for when it comes to family.VIEW TRAILERThe Breakdown: It's time already for another Dwayne Johnson movie - sorta. The Rock's being heavily used to sell Fighting with My Family, but in reality the film's a docudrama about real-life wrestler Saraya-Jade Bevis (aka. the WWE's Paige). With Stephen Merchant writing and directing, the film has the makings of a funny yet tender examination of Paige's journey from a working-class background to the major wrestling leagues. The movie also kicks off what could be a big (as in, breakout) year for star Florence Pugh, between her turn here and her roles in Ari Aster's Midsommar and Greta Gerwig's Little Women in the second half of 2019.Plot Summary: From DreamWorks Animation comes a surprising tale about growing up, finding the courage to face the unknown…and how nothing can ever train you to let go. What began as an unlikely friendship between an adolescent Viking and a fearsome Night Fury dragon has become an epic adventure spanning their lives. Welcome to the most astonishing chapter of one of the most beloved animated franchises in film history: How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World. Now chief and ruler of Berk alongside Astrid, Hiccup has created a gloriously chaotic dragon utopia. When the sudden appearance of a female Light Fury coincides with the darkest threat their village has ever faced, Hiccup and Toothless must leave the only home they’ve known and journey to a hidden world thought only to exist in myth. As their true destines are revealed, dragon and rider will fight together - to the very ends of the Earth - to protect everything they’ve grown to treasure.VIEW TRAILERThe Breakdown: How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World promises to be the Toy Story 3 of the series, in the very best way. The How to Train Your Dragon movies have long been celebrated for their beautiful animation and stirring mix of humor and drama, but The Hidden World aims to double-down on both of those aspects. In a year full of franchises that are ending in some fashion, the How to Train Your Dragon trilogy finale is on-course to deliver the most definitive and (possibly) satisfying conclusion of them all. Suffice it to say, audiences should prepare themselves emotionally for their final trip back to Berk.Plot Summary: The story follows Carol Danvers as she becomes one of the universe’s most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races.  Set in the 1990s, “Captain Marvel” is an all-new adventure from a previously unseen period in the history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.VIEW TRAILERThe Breakdown: While MCU fans are plenty excited for Captain Marvel, that arguably has more to do with Marvel Studios' track record and the film's actual footage than its marketing. Captain Marvel's trailers haven't done all that great a job of explaining what the film's even about, much less who Carol Danvers is or why her origin story is compelling. But again, the movie itself seems quite engaging, between Brie Larson's stoic turn as Captain Marvel herself and the dazzling imagery of Carol using her (incredibly powerful) super-abilities in full. Even the digital de-aging on Samuel L. Jackson's Nick Fury (with two working eyes and all) looks great so far.Plot Summary: Set in present day along the iconic Northern California coastline, Us, from Monkeypaw Productions, stars Oscar winner Lupita Nyong’o as Adelaide Wilson, a woman returning to her beachside childhood home with her husband, Gabe (Black Panther’s Winston Duke), and their two children (Shahadi Wright Joseph, Evan Alex) for an idyllic summer getaway. Haunted by an unexplainable and unresolved trauma from her past and compounded by a string of eerie coincidences, Adelaide feels her paranoia elevate to high-alert as she grows increasingly certain that something bad is going to befall her family. After spending a tense beach day with their friends, the Tylers (Emmy winner Elisabeth Moss, Tim Heidecker, Cali Sheldon, Noelle Sheldon), Adelaide and her family return to their vacation home. When darkness falls, the Wilsons discover the silhouette of four figures holding hands as they stand in the driveway. Us pits an endearing American family against a terrifying and uncanny opponent: doppelgängers of themselves.VIEW TRAILERThe Breakdown: Us, we're pleased to report, looks as freaky and fascinating as everyone was hoping Jordan Peele's followup to his Oscar-winning horror hit Get Out would be. There are certainly elements the films have in common, but otherwise Us looks and feels like a different beast than Get Out, from a storytelling perspective. A horror-thriller about characters (somewhat literally) battling themselves sounds legitimately unnerving; all the more so when you know it's Peele who's calling the shots. Us promises to be further unsettling from a visual perspective, thanks to the cinematography by Mike Gioulakis (the same DP who worked on It Follows, Split, and Glass).Plot Summary: Set in a Chicago neighborhood nearly a decade after an occupation by an extra-terrestrial force, “Captive State” explores the lives on both sides of the conflict - the collaborators and dissidents.VIEW TRAILERThe Breakdown: Rupert Wyatt has worked more in television than film since he made 2011's Rise of the Planet of the Apes, but he's finally back with a new movie (and a sci-fi one, too) in 2019's Captive State. This one appears to wear its political concerns on its sleeves and seems all the more intriguing for it, based on the trailers released so far. It also has a great cast that includes Moonlight's Ashton Sanders, John Goodman, Vera Farmiga, and If Beale Street Could Talk's KiKi Layne in key roles. There's not a ton of buzz around this one right now, but Captive State may yet become a dark horse success, judging by the talent involved.NEXT PAGE: (More) Superheroes, Horror Movies & Honorable MentionsSubscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In 2020, Marvel Studios, DC Films, and Sony Pictures could be releasing several superhero movies that would make it one of the biggest years in the genre's history. Over the years, the number of superhero movies (and superhero movie universes) has only grown, and is now a cornerstone in almost every major movie studio.Interestingly, a number of superhero movies that studios planned to release in 2020 have already been shifted for a number of reasons, including Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3, Cyborg, and Green Lantern Corps. However, the big players in the superhero market do still have important releases to come.Related: DC Could Be Outproducing Marvel By 2020While the future of 20th Century Fox’s Marvel characters (and their Marvel movies) is unclear, pending the upcoming Disney acquisition that's scheduled to complete in January, the MCU, DCEU, and Sony’s multiple Spider-Man universes are all going to expand in 2020.This Page: Superhero Movies Set For 2020 ReleasePage 2: Other Superhero Movies Possibly Releasing In 2020The sequel to 2017’s Wonder Woman was supposed to arrive on November 1, 2019, before being pushed back to June 5, 2020. That puts Wonder Woman 1984's release date on the same weekend that the first movie released on in 2017. Given just how well Wonder Woman performed at the box-office, it’s a smart strategic move from Warner Bros.Wonder Woman 2, now known as Wonder Woman 1984, will once again be directed by Patty Jenkins and star Gal Gadot as Diana Prince. The story will take a giant leap forward to the 1980s, but Wonder Woman will still be involved in warfare - this time swapping World War I for the Cold War. Intriguingly, Chris Pine is also going to return, although exactly how Steve Trevor is going to come back remains to be there. However, there are some rumors suggesting Diana will make a deal with a deity to resurrect Steve. Pedro Pascal, meanwhile, has been cast in an unknown role, with Kristen Wiig appearing as Cheetah, the classic Wonder Woman villain from DC Comics.Read more: Wonder Woman 1984: Every Update You Need To KnowBirds of Prey (And The Fantabulous Emancipation Of One Harley Quinn) is currently winning the race for most convoluted superhero title of 2020, but it also has a strong cast and premise to boot. There is, of course, Margot Robbie reprising her role as Harley Quinn, while the other part of the movie’s title - the actual Birds of Prey - will be filled by Jurnee Smollett-Bell as Black Canary and Mary Elizabeth Winstead as Huntress. Rosie Perez, meanwhile, will play Gotham City detective Renee Montoya, with Ella Jay Basco taking on the role of Cassandra Cain.Cathy Yan is directing from a script by Christina Hodson, and Birds of Prey is expected to see Gotham’s (anti-)heroines teaming up against Black Mask, who’ll be portrayed by Ewan McGregor. Birds of Prey (And The Fantabulous Emancipation Of One Harley Quinn) will release February 7, 2020.Read more: Birds of Prey Movie: Every Update You Need To KnowVery little is set in stone for the MCU’s Phase 4 slate, which could very much be a result of James Gunn's firing and Disney/Marvel Studios shelving Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3, but one project that is known to be happening is a movie based around some of the universe’s oldest beings: the Eternals.The Eternals movie, which is comprised of an alien race created by Jack Kirby as Marvel’s answer to DC’s New Gods (who were also created by Kirby), will be made up of a team including Sersi, Ikaris, Gilgamesh, Makkari, Elysius, Thena, Zuras, and Starfox. Ancient beings with great powers, who were initially created to be the defenders of Earth and are even related to Thanos, this could serve as a prequel to the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe.The Eternals movie is being written by Matthew and Ryan Firpo, and will be directed by Chloé Zhao. Although a release date hasn't been set yet, The Eternals could release in November 2020, thus occupying Marvel's last release date for the year.Read more: Marvel's Eternals: Every Update You Need To KnowA decade after Scarlett Johansson first appeared in Iron Man 2, her Marvel character, Black Widow, is finally getting her own movie. Johansson will be reprising her role as Black Widow, and she'll be getting a significant boost in salary thanks to reworking her contract. Berlin Syndrome’s Cate Shortland is set to direct, with Jac Schaeffer writing the script. Interestingly, Schaeffer is also credited for Captain Marvel, which could allude to a connection between both projects.Like with The Eternals, the Black Widow movie is also reportedly going to be a prequel and perhaps even an origin story for the famed Marvel character. For years, MCU fans have heard about the likes of the Red Room, Budapest, and the red in her ledger, and Black Widow is supposed to reveal the truth behind some of those secrets. Other MCU characters could appear as well, with a suggestion of a cameo from Sebastian Stan’s Bucky Barnes. Like The Eternals movie, Black Widow doesn't yet have a release date, but it's certainly possible it could release as early as May 2020.Read more: Black Widow: Every Update You Need To KnowVenom was an unexpectedly massive hit for Sony Pictures, grossing over $800 million worldwide and passing every X-Men movie at the box office, which has been a massive boost for their burgeoning Spider-Villains universe. Considering how much money it has made already, it stands to reason that Sony's spinoff universe is only going to get bigger from here.And that means Venom 2 is understandably central to those plans, with a potential release date of October 2, 2020, which has been staked out for a Sony Marvel sequel. Tom Hardy is expected to return considering his interest in the continuing as the anti-hero on the big screen and not to mention the fact that he's contracted for multiple sequels. Plus, Venom has already teased what Venom 2's story will be: Venom's post-credits scene revealed Woody Harrelson as symbiotic Carnage, thus setting him up as the antagonist of Venom 2.Related: Venom 2: Every Update You Need To KnowThe other 2020 entry into Sony’s Spider-Man Villain Universe is Morbius, based around Marvel Comics character Morbius the Living Vampire. In the comics, Morbius was a biochemist who was imbued with vampiric abilities and physical traits after an experiment went wrong. Initially a villain, he's since become more of a tragic anti-hero.Jared Leto, no stranger to comic book villains after his performance as the Joker in Suicide Squad, has been cast in the lead role of Morbius. The villain will be Loxias Crown, one of Morbius' friends who is a new creation but may be based on the comics villain Crown. Safe House's Daniel Espinosa will direct Morbius, with the movie expected to take Sony's "non-sequel" release date in July 2020, though that hasn't been confirmed just yet.Page 2 of 2: Other Superhero Movies Possibly Releasing in 2020
Tags:
black widow,
birds of prey,
wonder woman 2,
morbius,
the eternals,
venom 2,
spider-man into the spider-verse 2
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
No don't worry, this isn't another Watchmen lawsuit-esque case where the big bad head honchos at 20th Century Fox are trying to screw over an industry rival - this is Fox simply scrapping a subsidiary company. Apparently, the marketing arm/branch of Atomic was already absorbed into the parent Fox company, thus deeming Atomic as "vulnerable."The independent branch company of 20th Century Fox was set up in 2007 by Peter Rice and was created to focus on comedy and genre films, often taking the form of grizzly horrors (such as Turistas, The Hills Have Eyes II and 28 Weeks Later). Debbie Liebling was made head of the company but she won't have to worry about looking for another exec position - She'll be carried over into 20th Century Fox where she'll continue to help develop the comedies and genre films that she has been doing for the last couple of years.The movies Atomic focused on originally were taken care of by the overall 20th Century Fox company, but because of Liebling showing flare for small comedies (such as Dodgeball and Borat), she was given the responsibility of heading the newly created Fox Atomic. The company was created in hopes of getting more of these types of movies made and with more focus spent on this specific genre, this would give them more of a chance to produce a lot more successes than before.In case you're wondering, all projects that were in the pipeline, either in development or in post-production, will still go ahead under the larger 20th Century Fox brand. Just for kicks, here's a list of movies that were reportedly being made under the Fox Atomic name:Jennifer's BodyI Love You, Beth CooperAccidentesBrad Cutter Ruined My LifeNinja GoldDon't Lean on Me28 Months LaterHarvey and Marky: A True Story of Friendship and BetrayalFishing on the EdgeThe Post Grad Survival GuideThe EntityIncurableFathomOur good friends over at /Film remind us that the company even owned the rights to a movie adaptation of the successful Grand Theft Auto video game series, but something tells me that was unlikely to get made any time soon, even if this company wasn't folding...Although the actual studio itself "couldn't be reached for comment," which is very convenient, this seems very likely to happen. The speculation that's going around is that the side company simply wasn't producing enough hits to warrant its continued existence. To put it bluntly, with such films as Turistas (making only $14 million worldwide... ouch, almost as bad as the quality of the movie... almost...) The Hills Have Eyes II (making $37 million worldwide, almost half what the first one made) and The Rocker (making an abysmal $8 million worldwide, half of what it cost to make) all under-performing.Although Liebling won't be losing her job, instead having a nice comfy seat amongst the big guys, this will probably won't be such good news for many others who will quietly go unnamed by either the closing studio or 20th Century Fox. Even if it makes sense from a business standpoint for Fox to close down Atomic because it's no longer worth the while either financially or hassle-wise, the closure of any company is never good for the more ground-level employees.If this turns out to be completely true and the shutting down of Atomic goes ahead, which I'm sure I'm not the only one who suspects it will, although it would be good in some ways for Fox (one being purely they don't have to worry about the cost of having another company on the go), it may not be such a good thing for them in the long run. Not only would there be the expenses of shutting down a company right off the bat, but it might even hinder the production capacity of the studio, especially on the genre of movies Atomic focused specifically on.What do you make Fox Atomic most likely being shut down by 20th Century Fox? Should they keep the company going so that it can focus on the smaller comedies and horrors or is it best just to have those under the larger Fox name?Source: Variety and /FilmSubscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With the ashes of Fantastic Four still smoldering, its understandable that 20th Century Fox might be on the lookout for a new potential cash cow. There is a lot of buzz around Fall of Gods, an upcoming crowd-funded illustrated novel based on North mythology, which has been compared to hits like Game of Thrones and the upcoming Warcraft, and it seems that Fox has taken an interest as well.Fall of Gods is the work of Rasmus Bergreen at MOOD Visuals, alongside artist Jan Ditlev Christensen and writer Michael Vogt (Hitman). The illustrated novel pairs breathtaking artwork with a fresh take on ancient Norse mythology, and it might just become a major movie franchise.According to info obtained exclusively by The Tracking Board, Fox is very close to landing the preemptive film rights to Fall of Gods. The site claims that Steve Tzirlin (Star Wars: The Clone Wars) and Brooklyn Weaver (Extant) are attached as producers.It's important to note that Fall of Gods is currently available through pre-order only. That apparently hasn't stopped talent agency CAA from working hard for a lucrative rights package, or Fox from snooping around the exciting prospect. The overview provided by MOOD serves to explain the mission at the heart of the epic story.The gods have long ago vanished. In their place, two rivaling races now inhabit Midgard; humans and jotnar. Fifteen years ago, a coalition of chieftains drove the jotnar race from Midgard. Now, from each side of the border, humans and jotnar eye each other with hatred and suspicion.When his wife, the estranged daughter of one of Midgard’s most powerful chieftains, is mysteriously kidnapped, a retired warrior takes up the hatchet and sets out to rescue her. But he risks unleashing the wild demon buried deep within him and losing his soul in the process.His journey will bring him into conflict with terrible forces as a cynical plot is revealed and the dark mythological past of the North begins to awaken once more.Rasmus Bergreen appears hopeful that the novel and any resulting film franchise will work to repair the damage caused by the creative license Hollywood often takes with Norse mythology. Yes, he means Thor. “[I] have mostly seen American versions of Norse mythology," said Bergreen. "As a Scandinavian I really think it’s time to get [our] point of view across.”If Fox can play its cards right, a Fall of Gods franchise could do more than vindicate Scandinavians everywhere - it could signal a new era for the fantasy film genre, filling the void left by the original Lord of the Rings trilogy. At least, if Warcraft doesn't manage do so first. Of course, the only way a story like this is going to get off the ground is with a respectable budget. A single glimpse at the visuals provided in the picture book is enough to firmly justify the need for quality special effects.As big as Fall of Gods has the potential to be, Fox doesn't have the greatest track record with hyped properties. Deadpool looks good but is unproven, and the X-Men franchise is just now wobbling back onto the right track. To make this film right, the studio will have to show a tremendous amount of faith - and fork over quite a bit of cash.We'll keep you updated on Fall of Gods as development continues.Source: The Tracking Board.
Tags:
fall of gods
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Predicting 20th Century Fox's Marvel movie release date lineup is a bit like reading tea leaves. Tentpole feature release date schedules are, of course, subject to change, but Fox's franchises have been particularly unstable. The futures of the Marvel Cinematic Universe and DC Extended Universes are transparent several years out, but we know very little about what's going on with Fox's X-Men and Fantastic Four lineups beyond next March's Logan.A follow-up to X-Men: Apocalypse has been promised, though the ill critical reception and lackluster box office have fans wondering if Fox might take the series another way. Gambit was originally promised for late 2016 but hasn't begun production yet and recently lost another director. A New Mutants film has been said be in development, but no solid information has surfaced about the project. The reboot of Fantastic Four bombed so hard that fans were left wondering if Fox might simply give up the franchise for good, though producer Simon Kinberg promises that's not the case. At this point, the only film that seems like an absolute given is Deadpool 2, which still doesn't have an official release date and has recently struggled through a directorial change-of-guard.Amidst the turmoil, 20th Century Fox has offered up two new goalposts for fans to look forward to. Courtesy of BoxOffice.com, release dates for two new Marvel films (and one from James Cameron's Lightstorm Entertainment) as far out as February 2019.The Lightstorm film is likely the first sequel to Avatar, which has previously been announced for December 2018. So what are the Marvel films that may be filling these additional slots? The recently announced Deadpool 3 is a very likely candidate for the February 14, 2019 slot. The first film released during 2016's Valentines Day weekend and broke records for both the month and for R-rated films as a whole. Fox is unlikely to want to fix what isn't broken. Deadpool 2 is rumored to set up an R-rated X-Force film. It's possible that this film will pre-date the 3rd Deadpool and fall in the November 2018 slot.Assuming no previous dates have been dropped, [UPDATE: October 6th, 2017 has been officially overtaken by Kingsman: The Golden Circle] that leaves the new schedule looking like this:March 3rd, 2017 - LoganMarch 2nd, 2018 - Unannounced (possibly Deadpool 2)June 29th, 2018 - Unannounced (possibly New Mutants)November 2nd, 2018 - Unannounced (possibly Gambit, X-Force, or the untitled young X-Men sequel)February 14, 2019 - Unannounced (possibly Deadpool 3)Our guesses are based on where we assume the films are in development, as well as times of the year that Fox has expressed interest in dropping the films in question in the past. It's worth noting that these new dates avoid veering close to any MCU or DCEU films by a wide margin.Stay tuned to Screen Rant for updates on Fox's Marvel lineup as they hit.Source: BoxOffice.com
Tags:
x-men,
fantastic four,
marvel
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A sequel to 21 Jump Street entered development before the first movie opened in theaters, back when many a person (well, save for Screen Rant's Kofi Outlaw) was skeptical about a quirky buddy action-comedy based on a outdated 1980s TV series and pairing Channing Tatum with Jonah Hill. How things have changed, now that 21 Jump Street is regarded by many to be The Surprise Hit of 2012.We found out last week that Sony will released the 21 Jump Street sequel (official title TBD) in theaters by 2014; today, we have an update that includes a more specific time frame for the theatrical release, in addition to details about who is directing, the story and returning cast members (as well as the potential for many a new face).21 Jump Street producer Neal H. Moritz, who is currently doing interviews for next month's Fast & Furious 6, spoke to Collider and confirmed that directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller are coming back to call the shots on the sequel:"They are attached to direct the movie, we’re actively developing the script with them.  Right now, we got a first draft that we’re pleased and the second draft is coming along. We’re supposed to start shooting in late September, early October."Suffice it to say, Lord and Miller returning on the sequel is welcome news, given how essential the duo was in shaping 21 Jump Street as an ingenious hodgepodge of raunchy action-comedy, self-satire, tender buddy tale and witty examination of modern high school life. The timing works out nicely too, as the animation process for Lord and Miller's The Lego Movie will be ongoing when the two set to work on the next 21 Jump Street movie; hence, they should be available.Moritz also confirmed that the sequel will followup on the final scene in 21 Jump Street, which set the stage for Schmidt (Hill) and Jenko (Tatum) to get entangled in new deranged hijinks at a local college. No doubt, Hill and his co-screenwriter on the first movie, Michael Bacall (who also wrote Project X), have ideas for the wild mayhem that ensues, but Moritz promises they will also continue to develop the series' "heart" (i.e. Schmidt and Jenko's relationship):"[The '21 Jump Street' sequel] leads off where we ended the last film and our guys are going to college... Now they’re actual partners, so they’re married – what happens once marriage starts?  In certain ways, it’s kind of like the Seven Year Itch of police buddy comedies.  What worked so well about the first one was – it was funny, yes, there was good action, yes – but really what worked more than anything was that there was great heart.  That’s the thing we’ve been working really hard on, just try and make sure that the heart of the first one is there for the second one. "Moritz went on to confirm that Ice Cube will reprise as Schmidt and Jenko's scene-stealing boss, Captain Dickson, and that he wouldn't be the only familiar face in the supporting cast; though, the producer also mentioned "we're going to add quite a few people." It sounds as though the plan is to significantly increase the number of cameos in comparison to the first movie, which did feature brief appearances by such people as Nick Offerman (Parks and Recreation) and original 21 Jump Street-er Johnny Depp, among others.That leaves the door open for Brie Larson to return as Molly, who could feasibly be in college by the time the 21 Jump Street sequel picks up; the same holds true for some of the other high school students from the first movie - save, perhaps, for the incarcerated Eric (Dave Franco). Mind you, that's not to say the sequel should go in that direction - much less bring back any of the aforementioned characters for a significant role - but it's certainly a possibility.Moving on - the next 21 Jump Street is being prepped to release during the prime summer blockbuster season, and will have a larger budget to boot; though, Moritz doesn't expect that to affect the final product too much:"Yes, but I don’t think that’s the make or break of the movie, honestly.  We will have more money but I don’t think people will come into 21 Jump Street to see the action.  I think the action needs to be good and will be good but it’s not like Fast and the Furious – when they come to see Fast and the Furious they’re expecting big action.  What they’re expecting here is good, funny movie with a great combination of Channing and Jonah, with a lot of heart.  And that’s what we hope to deliver – but there will be action as well."So long as there's something on par with an exploding chicken truck (warning: that link is NSFW!), it's all good by me.------Look for the 21 Jump Street sequel in theaters by Summer 2014.Source: Collider
Tags:
21 jump street,
21 Jump Street 2,
22 Jump Street
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Phil Lord and Chris Miller capped off 22 Jump Street with one of the film's best gags: a slew of fake trailers for Jump Street follow-ups, each one more ridiculous than the last. Medical school, ninja academy, beauty school, culinary school, Sunday school; the sequence even sends Schmidt and Jenko to outer space. More than a punchline, the clip show is a comment on the industry's relentless need to milk its productions to death through relentless sequels and ancillary marketing.It's a joke, of course, and a good one at that, but life often has a funny way of imitating art. We've known for a few months now that Sony already has a 23 Jump Street in the works, with 22 Jump Street co-scribe Rodney Rothman already plugging away at the script; given that 22 Jump Street made a serious chunk of change at the box office, nobody should be surprised that the studio has a third picture in the franchise under development. It's par for the course.What may come as a surprise, though, is Sony's plan to fuse the Jump Street series with another one of their big screen brands: Men in Black. (Feel free to pause and re-read that if necessary.) The news comes courtesy of both the hacker leaks that have strewn Sony's best-kept secrets across the breadth of the Internet, as well as reporting by The Wall Street Journal. Turns out Sony thinks having BFFs Schmidt and Jenko cross paths with the mysterious alien-policing organization is a pretty keen idea, based on some emails from the studio's motion picture chief.That's about as much as can be gleaned from company correspondence; at present, it looks like Lord and Miller are producing and writing (for a possible 2016/2017 release). Sony hopes to include Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum in the film, but it's not clear whether Will Smith and Tommy Lee Jones would show up to reprise their Men in Black characters in a leading capacity.So...that happened. If you saw 22 Jump Street, you probably didn't think to take its ending montage seriously, and why would you? It's pure Lord and Miller, taking the mickey out of the biz with the sort of tongue in cheek irreverence that they're built their careers on. How could that possibly spin out into something as oddball as putting Schmidt and Jenko smack-dab in a world where aliens make up a not insignificant percentage of the planet's population. That's weird. That's weirder than enrolling them in mariachi school.But against all better judgment, this concept actually sounds intriguing. Why skewer one franchise at a time when you can combine two franchises under one farcical umbrella? There's a lot of room for Lord and Miller to pen a solid Men in Black film while also satirizing the very notion of blending franchises. Frankly, that concept falls so perfectly in their wheelhouse that it'd be a shock if they didn't end up in the director's chair, too.What does this mean for 23 Jump Street? Is this project actually going to be 23 Jump Street? What about Men in Black 4? How many easter eggs can the duo squeeze into a movie that doubles up on franchises? Sony's plan raises as many questions as eyebrows. We'll keep you up to date as we learn more.Source: The Wall Street Journal
Tags:
21 jump street,
Men in Black,
Men in Black 4,
22 Jump Street,
23 jump street
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
When film buffs first heard that the iconic 1980s TV series, 21 Jump Street - about a baby-faced undercover police force that specializes in investigating crimes perpetuated at High Schools and colleges - reactions were largely negative. The backlash was due, at least in part, to the number of underwhelming franchise remakes that Hollywood has been churning out over the last few years (Miami Vice and Starsky and Hutch come to mind). However, other would-be moviegoers were simply skeptical of how producers would handle the 21 Jump Street property - specifically fan-favorite character, Officer Tom Hanson, who was played by a pre-Edward Scissorhands Johnny Depp.Then, even the most skeptical move buffs stopped and took notice when directing team, Phil Lord and Chris Miller (Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs) were hired on for the project and cast oddball pair Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum in lead roles (neither one plays Hanson). So, does Lord and Miller's 21 Jump Street remake ultimately offer up an entertaining trip to the theater that 21 Jump Street fans and non-fans can both enjoy?Fortunately, the answer is yes. The film certainly takes its own approach to the 21 Jump Street source material, but it does so knowingly and with a lot of tongue in cheek humor - there's even a joke about repackaging something old and reselling it to the same people again and again. As a result, 21 Jump Street excels at toying with the audience's expectations. While plot developments adhere to an archetypal 80s format (making the overarching storyline pretty predictable), the various action and comedy scenes are full of surprises.The success of the film will largely depend on what moviegoers might be expecting from a 21 Jump Street remake - as this is most definitely not a "gritty" or "grounded" update to the basic premise. Lord and Miller's Jump Street is unapologetic in attempting to be a laugh-a-minute riff on the absurdity of the source material's undercover cops in high school storyline. In the remake, Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Jenko (Channing Tatum) reconnect years after they graduated from the same high school, and together, the pair successfully complete the rigors of police academy - with Schmidt overseeing their studies and Jenko in charge of their physical training. However, when the two botch their first actual arrest, they're kicked over to Captain Dickson (Ice Cube), who runs a covert police operation placing youthful-looking (and immature acting) officers in schools and universities to infiltrate crime organizations. Without anywhere else to go, and looking for a chance at redemption (and/or to be cool in high school), Schmidt and Jenko sign on at 21 Jump Street.Some moviegoers were skeptical about the casting of Hill and Tatum - considering that both actors have had headlined their share of cinematic duds (The Sitter and Stop-Loss, respectively). Hill in particular is often known for roles that rely on over-the-top gross-out humor - a standard that the 21 Jump Street marketing team was eager to embrace. However, while 21 Jump Street does have plenty of low-brow comedy moments, there's also an abundance of sharper gags that will sing even for viewers who might be turned off by penis jokes.As a result, Hill is noticeably at home with the 21 Jump Street subject matter, playing an awkward and irreverent "high schooler" trying to fit in. While Schmidt is nothing we haven't seen from the actor before, combined with Tatum's Jenko, audiences will get to see Hill's familiar shtick play against a very different sidekick - resulting in a number of laugh-out-loud gags. Tatum, who usually plays muscled tough guys (see: Haywire and G.I. Joe, among others) and/or charming lover boys (The Vow) has a surprising talent for comedy - and the actor not only keeps up with Hill's fast-paced timing, he also brings a lot of heart to the Jenko character (which is somewhat lacking in this particular version of Hill's awkward guy formula).Side characters like Tracey (Brie Larson) and Eric (Dave Franco) are enjoyable to watch at first - as they play against Jenko and Schmidt's cool-kid expectations. That said, many of the 21 Jump Street supporting players ultimately devolve into caricatures by the end of the film and are forced into dramatic shifts that aren't particularly developed or earned through preceding scene work. These shifts don't detract from the comedy, and it's certainly possible they were an intentional attempt at rousing 80's movie tropes, but they undermine opportunities to have done something more nuanced with the anti-stereotypes the film has established. Once in awhile, it's as if riffing on the TV source material is more important than delivering a fully-realized modern movie experience.Similarly, the overarching plot of the film is about as thin as its remake inspiration - and would completely buckle under the weight of play-by-play analysis or scrutiny. Viewers looking for an intriguing undercover cop story should definitely look elsewhere, as - aside from reconnaissance work performed by Jenko and his new chemistry-loving friends - our officer leads don't actually engage in particularly compelling police work; the focus of the film is clearly on crazy antics, not an intricate narcotics investigation. Regardless of the director pair's intent, the finale (despite a lot of gunfire and explosions) may be somewhat underwhelming for anyone hoping to see an interesting pay off to the narcotics storyline. Not to mention, considering the undercover cop "reality" of 21 Jump Street, the finale also includes one of the most awkward "emotional" plot point resolutions in recent memory.Ultimately, criticism of the 21 Jump Street story shouldn't be taken as a denouncement of the 21 Jump Street experience - since the film delivers on its intended purpose to provide laugh-a-minute antics within the flimsy premise of the source material. However, much like their protagonists (who get overwhelmed by their undercover lives), it's as if Lord and Miller got overwhelmed by their comedy gags, and lost sight of a few core fundamentals that make for a great modern day movie. Ultimately, they get the remake job done with tongue-in-cheek style and plenty of outrageous moments - but that doesn't mean there aren't a few slip-ups that could have offered an even better payoff.If you’re still on the fence about 21 Jump Street, check out the trailer below:-[poll id="285"]-Follow me on Twitter @benkendrick - and let us know what you thought of the film below.21 Jump Street is rated R for for crude and sexual content, pervasive language, drug material, teen drinking and some violence. Now playing in theaters.
Tags:
21 jump street
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
There has been heavy doubt surrounding 21 Jump Street ever since it was learned that Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum would be playing the lead roles of two Cops who infiltrate a high school. The name of those two actors alone was enough to convince some movie fans to never see this film in their natural lives. However, others (like yours truly) have been cautiously optimistic that the film could be good - especially when early character and story details leaked to the Web.Today we have red & green band trailers for 21 Jump Street which reveals exactly what this film is going to be like in terms of tone and comedic style. Needless to say, with Hill involved there's going to be some raunch, and with Tatum onboard there's going to be some action. Everything in between is...well...you'll see:RED BAND TRAILER [NSFW]GREEN BAND TRAILERWe're going to go out on the limb and say that 21 Jump Street is better than your average movie fan probably thought it would be, and everything that Jonah Hill-haters feared it would be. To his credit, Tatum looks to be riffing on his tough pretty boy image to perfection, and the line about him "looking like a 40-year-old *@#$ing man" is a great acknowledgement of the ridiculousness of the premise. Then again, this seems to be the type of movie where ridiculousness is welcome.If you couldn't tell from the trailer, the supporting cast of the film is full of some great comedic actors - as well as Ice Cube riffing on his own image as...Ice Cube. Included in the mix are Rob Riggle, DeRay Davis, Dave Franco, Jake Johnson, Johnny Simmons, Johnny Pemberton, Dakota Johnson, Ellie Kemper - and yes, there will be an appearance by the original Jump Streeter, Johnny Depp.Do you feel any differently about this film, now that you've seen the trailers?21 Jump Street will be in theaters on March 16, 2012Source: 21 Jump Street Facebook Page
Tags:
21 jump street
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Netflix has released an official trailer for writer/director Paul Greengrass' docudrama, 22 July. The movie tells the real-life story of the 2011 Norway attacks, which were carried out by right-wing terrorist Anders Behring Breivik and resulted in the deaths of 77 people total - making it the deadliest terrorist attack in the country's history.After setting off a car bomb attack in Oslo that resulted in the deaths of eight people on (as the title implies) July 22, 2011, Breivik gunned down 69 people who were participating in a Workers' Youth League (or AUF) summer camp for teenagers, on the island of Utøya. Greengrass' film explores Breivik's attack from multiple perspectives, but unfolds primarily from the point of view of a survivor from his assault on the AUF camp.Related: Olivia Colman is a Mad Queen in The Favourite Trailer22 July will have its world premiere at the 2018 Venice International Film Festival tomorrow (September 5, at the time of writing), before it hits select theaters (for Oscars qualification) and begins streaming through Netflix in the first half of October. Check out the trailer in the space below:While Greengrass is best known for directing three of the five Bourne movies released to date (starting with 2004's The Bourne Supremacy), he has a long and decorated history when it comes to docudrama fare. Since he made the transition from being a journalist to a full-time filmmaker, Greengrass has developed movies about the Irish civil rights protest massacre of 1972 (Bloody Sunday), one of the hijacked planes during the 9/11 terrorist attack in the U.S. (United 93), and the 2009 hijacking of the Maersk Alabama by Somali pirates (Captain Phillips).Judging by the trailer, 22 July is cut from the same cloth as Greengrass' previous true story drama-thrillers and should offer a similarly unflinching look at the real world horrors of the 2011 Norway attack. Authenticity has always been vital to the filmmaker's docudrama efforts and that will remain the case with 22 July - a film that features not only an all-Norwegian cast, but even Norwegian crew members like cinematographer Pål Ulvik Rokseth (The Snowman).Beyond that, it will be interesting to see how 22 July fares among this year's awards season contenders. Netflix already has one serious pony in the race for next year's Oscars ceremony, thanks to Alfonso Cuarón's semi-autobiography Roma (which earned raves from the critics who saw it at the VIFF last week). Greengrass has only received a single Academy Award nomination to date (for directing United 93), so he's arguably due for some recognition from the Academy, at this point in his career. Whether or not he gets it for 22 July, however, is another matter.MORE: Oscars 2019 Best Picture PredictionsSource: Netflix
Tags:
22 july
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Despite last summer's 22 Jump Street ending with a hilarious post-credits sequence that seemingly rendered any potential follow-up obsolete, franchise-starved Sony is in fact moving forward with 23 Jump Street. Whether this project simply continues the misadventures of Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Jenko (Channing Tatum), or sees our favorite undercover cops team up with the Men in Black remains to be seen, but it is a film that will be coming down the pipeline nonetheless.A big reason why the first two installments were so successful critically and commercially was the comic sensibilities of directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller. Since they've demonstrated a knack for handling this kind of material two times over, fans are probably hoping they'll be back behind the camera for the third entry. However, it looks like the duo will only be on board as producers and nothing more.Speaking with /Film, Miller provided an update on the project, which included how involved he and Lord will be this time around:“We are hard at work on 23 Jump Street, which I think we will probably just produce from a time standpoint. We’ve been working really hard. We’ve got a really good first draft of a script in and we’re really excited about it.”In all honesty, this should not come as a surprise. In the time since 22 Jump Street and The LEGO Movie (which Lord and Miller also directed) became acclaimed box office smashes, the two have been among the most in-demand talents in Hollywood. In a relatively short amount of time they've accumulated a full dance card, which includes writing Warner Bros.' The Flash solo movie, penning an animated Spider-Man movie for Sony, and the little task of directing Lucasfilm's young Han Solo Star Wars Anthology film (among several other commitments). They simply don't have the time for a more hands-on role in 23 Jump Street.As disappointing as this may be for fans, it makes sense professionally for Lord and Miller to pursue other options. Having already played in this sandbox twice (mocking the very concept of a big sequel in 22 Jump Street), they probably want to broaden their horizons and try their hands at something new. At the same time, that should be equally as exciting for moviegoers, as seeing the duo put their unique spin on something like a space adventure or superhero tale presents numerous possibilities for fresh and entertaining stories - as opposed to running the risk of the Jump Street premise going stale on them.Of course, there's always the possibility Lord and Miller reverse course and return to direct, but the smart money would be betting against that. Even if a new Jump Street film is in early development, Sony would prefer to get it out sooner rather than later, and with the Han Solo spinoff already having a May 2018 release date, the production schedules for the two films could clash. In all likelihood, Jump Street fans will be seeing a new filmmaker take the reins.The $1 million question now becomes who will take Lord and Miller's place in the director's chair for the Jump Street franchise.  That the duo is staying on as producers is comforting, but given their busy schedule they may not be available to oversee the entire process. If that's the case, then the new helmsman will become an even more important figure in the film's development, as they'll most likely have more of a say in what happens in 23 Jump Street. Everyone's aware that comedy sequels are a tricky beast to tame, so it's paramount for Sony to find somebody who is just as skilled as Lord and Miller in that department (no easy task).We'll keep you updated on 23 Jump Street as more information becomes available.Source: /Film
Tags:
23 jump street
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
I've come to a startling conclusion:Jack Bauer is Batman.Really, it's the only plausible explanation for Jack to be able to do everything he does. :-)Season 5 of 24 (man, has it been 5 years already?) has been one rockin' ride. So much so that the finale was almost a letdown. Almost. Maybe it was just emotional exhaustion from the previous 22 episodes, or the fact that the show is so proficient at keeping viewers on the edge of their seats, that our tolerance increases and we need ever increasing levels of suspense and shocks.Bottom line: It was excellent and wrapped things up neatly and satisfactorily, except for what happens to the weasel who erased the critical evidence. No doubt he will turn up in Season 6 since no one besides the President knows what he did. I have to say that the method with which they got the confession was brilliant and unexpected. Nicely done, folks.And then of course there was the "shocker" at the end (Drag your cursor over the text below to view):The Chinese show up in the last minutes of the episode to kidnap and beat the hell of Jack, and then put him on a freighter to China!I guess it's just not possible to end a season of any show these days without a bloody cliffhanger, eh? At least we know next season should be quite different from prior ones, and that's a really good thing since even though the show has been high quality, the plot lines can get redundant.Also, I personally love the fact that they start later in the TV season and run the episodes every week without repeats or interruption. I wish more shows would do that (Lost is taking a hint from 24 and will not run repeats next season).Here's looking forward to next year.
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
After 9 years, 8 seasons and 192 episodes, the hit Fox drama, 24 has been officially canceled. While rumors have been running rampant for weeks pointing to the show's cancellation, it wasn’t until today that we received word from someone connected to the show. Former 24 executive producer, Jon Cassar, broke the news via his Twitter page.News from the 24 set,the crew has been told that 24 has come to an end. There will b no season 9. Its been a great run, thanx all 4 watchingScreen Rant actually received word from a reliable source yesterday informing us of 24 being officially canceled, but we were unable to confirm the information with anyone directly associated with the show. So, instead of running with it, we decided to wait until more information was released. While a tweet from a former show executive isn’t exactly an officially announcement, in this era of social networking and micro-blogging, it’s pretty close.While I’m sure many of you 24 fans are sad to see the show go, remember that this isn’t necessarily the end of Jack Bauer. No, I’m not trying to say something sappy like, “He’ll always be in your heart!” I’m referencing the fact that Fox is still working on a 24 movie and as we’ve been told numerous times, in order for the film to move forward, the series would have to end.So, instead of thinking this as an end of an era (even though it is), think of it as a new beginning. Unless, of course, another network picks up the series.We’ve recently reported that NBC might pick up 24 if Fox decided to cancel it. While NBC has yet to hint at their decision, one way or another, word is that “there’s definitely some interest.”When it comes down to it, technically 24 has been canceled, but I’d be lying if I said this was the last we’ll see of Jack Bauer. Besides, after having so many bad days, doesn't Jack deserve some peaceful R&R with family and friends?What do you think of 24 being canceled? Will you continue to watch the series if it switches to NBC? Would you go see a 24 movie?Source: TwitterTune in to the last episodes of 24 Monday’s @ 9:00pm, on Fox.Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasio
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
As 24, Day 8 arrives on Fox this evening, Jack Bauer fans are hyped up about several things:1. Jack is back. Do we REALLY need to know anything else?2. We're set back in New York City, with a new pseudo CTU set up, electronified and ready to tangle with a new season of terrorist shenanigans.3. Sure, we'll see Kim Bauer, but we'll also get a giant slate of acting talent that will help smooth out the waves of often-felt discord regarding Kim (and she wasn't THAT bad last season).4. Jack's inevitable on-screen screams will be there at some point to kick-start our adrenaline.Regardless of where the story, plot twists and injections of adrenaline take us this year, I and those of you that have been following 24 for years are jazzed, prepped and ready to take a trip on another of the worst days of Jack Bauer's life on 24.I've been very satisfied with the lack of spoilers conveyed in the trailers and previews that have been offered this year - and hope they keep pre-episode spoilers to a minimum throughout this (possibly) final season.And now, on to the review:-- Review of Season/Day 8's hours 1 (4pm-5pm) & 2 (5pm-6pm) For 24 --The hype has been bold, and non-stop for months. Small, generally-spoilerless but action-packed trailers and sneaks have paved the way for the return of Jack Bauer in New York and the night has finally arrived.The Scenario: Jack Bauer, reasonably happy and trying to live life to its fullest is not-so-surprisingly jerked from his peaceful perch to hopefully save the day. He and Chloe brave technological speedbumps that they quickly overcome with skill sets, patience and episode-based time crunches. Barking screams from Jack encouraging people to give him answers, "NOW!",  explosions and gunfire of all kinds hypechallenge the in-home theater systems of Americans and the "ClUnK!" of terrorists who fall at the hand of Jack Bauer's hand. All this in-between commercials and product placements galore.The Problem: This description is from season 5,6 and 7 of 24 on Fox.I have had the distinct pleasure of reviewing 24 for a long time. I have watched it since its inception. I have real zeal and love for the character of Jack Bauer, his never-ending want for answers and his ability to get them - regardless of the means. Officially however, I am tired of listing of the same 16 different plot "twists" and "traits" that comprise a season of 24. Aren't you? Let me explain.While I am a hater of spoilers in general, the dialog, and eventual discussion will be spoiler-ridden to prove my point. Readers beware.This season we are in New York. Jack is playing with his now four-or-so year old grandaughter, Teri, who helps us understand, along with phone dialog from Jack's daughter Kim, that Jack has emerged from a coma, taken in the dangerous, life-threatening-all-around dangerous operation that Kim volunteered to partake in last season and now lives, happily. Hmm, Jack Bauer playing in the realm of happy life? That sounds familiar.A former contact from Jack's past CTU-based life ends up being shot, and finds Jack Bauer to confess his role in a near-future murder plot of a leader of a nameless, middle-east-based country. Jack contacts Chloe, a newly-minted, apparently-neophyte tech comm agent at the new New York-based CTU to tell her of the plot and to engage the new CTU leader who has promised a new age of national security and protection with a new team in a new facility that all looks very familiar down the the surround-all glassness, giant video screens, subdued lighting, hot ladies with badges, secluded unlit areas - literally. Hmm.Agents are sent to meet with Jack and the bleeding-to-death guest star who have been directed to a police station that is only 5 city blocks away. We know this because of the first use of the new, next-generation Eye Drone Technology (cousin of the Eye Traffic Camera technology), which will clearly be used a LOT in this season of the show. Jack's route is blocked by bad guys who are summarily killed by Jack without bullets of any kind. Those keeping tally: A fire ax and long clanking fall down a staircase kill the first of this year's baddies. Jack continues on dragging along Mr. SoonToDie. New, responsibility-laden CTU agents arrive at a Drone-Eye-designated rooftop where one of the fleet of black CTU helicopters arrive to take Jack and his informant to CTU to figure out the plan! An unwelcome rocket/missle is fired from someone across the way and destroys the helicopter in a giant explosion killing several agents and eventually the needed informant who has conveyed that there is "an insider involved in the hit on the nameless country's president" before his eyes roll back in his head and he dies with Jack hovering above him.After the short less-than-10 minute- drive to CTU, Jack is taken into custo-- err is welcomed into the new CTU NY offices and will be debriefed by the woman that not only doesn't know how to do anything, not only can insult and derail discussion with anyone, but will be left with the responsibility to debrief the only lead CTU now has to the informant. All this while claiming that they have more important things to track down via a tasty bit of electronic detective work that fits together better than a security protocol and a scriptwriter's paycheck. All right! But wait, there is dissent. The young gun agent wants to tell the truth, but the man in charge of CTU wants him to keep it under his hat to avoid internal investigations that will only hamper the general goals of CTU. Can't have that! While the faces have changed, and the production designer has change, these too are terribly familiar.Madam President (a woman who has somehow been re-elected after putting her daughter in prison, divorced her angry, vengeful, also-out-of-a-coma husband) has convened a grand, world-changing treaty discussion with President Hassan of - some country. These negotiations will change the way that country does - something, and it's really important because we couldn't possibly have a nuclear bomb go off on our soil. Thanks to all of the intel, debriefs and hand-held camera moves, we are able to take in the framed reporter into custody. CTU NY brings her to the all-new fresh from Logan's Run interrogation rooms and - asks questions! We've never seen things like this before, have we?A phone call is received by one of CTU NY's crack agents, Jenny - err Dana, who has apparently left a former life to create this all new life where we'll be marrying a CTU NY Coworker (who just survived exploding helicopter death). That's interesting. She must really be skilled to pass the gauntlet of governmental investigation required for this new position. The man on the phone tells her that he knows what she did in her previous life, and that she needs to do what she wants or he'll tell the police about it! Ah ha, another NEW personal wrinkle experience for a sitting, prestigious CTU agent. Hmmm.Jack has a conversation with Chloe where he not only debriefs, he also takes part in the first part of yet another bit of treason with Chloe. Ahh, what's a little treason between former CTU coworkers, right? Jack commands Chloe to give him access to the CTU NY armory, and while she's at it, hack into the new system she doesn't understand and review every piece of archival drone camera history here in the next few minutes while I go wander around CTU and fetch any firearm I want. While Jack is checking out the stock of apparently already-loaded weapons, he is taken into custody! Jack turns the tables on the new CTU NY head, using overhead knowledge from several conversations in the previous hour to leverage - well - anything he wants. In an hour and 35 minutes, Jack has been able to achieve full autonomy over the new CTU head, to command any resources he wants, and to have the incompetent, treasonous criminal Chloe O'Brian as his leader at Ops. What season is this?The unnamed country's President's brother (did I just type that?) encourages his brother to have no more contact with the female reporter that will get him in trouble. It's best for the nation, it's best for his family and more importantly, it's best for his estranged wife and child. As President Hassan heads back to ponder his decision, the brother makes a phone call from his Sprint cell phone to the man that has, in the last hour, traveled to a house across town, used a personal laptop and hacked into the UN database, found and secured the vital security documents essential to success, acquired a rocket launcher, destroyed a helicopter from an anonymous rooftop, killed CTU agents and changed clothes at least once. Luckily, we know all of this because Jack and Chloe have illegally accessed the immense void of "drone imagery archives", seen the medallion on the hood of the taxi (from tens of thousands of feet in the air) the man took and traced his movements to a general part of New York City. Cool.We find out that the previously Russian/Bosnian/IDontKnowWhatian master assassin and helicopter-destroyer has infiltrated the New York Police Department over a long period of time and is now involved/in charge of the security caravan that will be transporting the nameless country leader to his next vista of interest. Ah ha, a mole who has managed to fool everyone, including a large number of law enforcement officers in collusion with the brother of the man who is in the crosshairs who is on the inside! A brother on the inside? Hotly original!Jack grabs his manpurse, tells his daughter, granddaughter and silent son-in-law that he'll see them in LA eventually, grabs the stack of incredibly important papers and orders the initiation of the search of traffic cams via the always-popular Jesus Eye technology. And the boop, beep, boop, beep continues...With a very sharp but fat tongue in cheek, you now have the review of these first two general and familiar hours of Season 8 of Fox' 24. While I've enjoyed the first hour or so before we (in my opinion) completely erased the void of last season and this season, we are in terribly familiar waters. Where is the originality that made this show what it was at one time? How can other programs like SVU, NCIS and a litany of others provide us with shows that occur in only 42 minutes give us such original satisfaction, but something that so many want to be impressed by give us - this?Another trait I see intruding on a show that I dearly love is the lack of SUSPENSE. Remember when you'd learn pieces of a puzzle, over an episode and perhaps at the end something is paid off? That is now apparently not "in the formula" of 24 and has been discarded and replaced with a literal televised display of Attention Deficit Disorder. The best sample of this is President Hassan's brother who goes from caring, best for the country advice-giving brother to bold and unabashed plotter of his own brother's death - in less than 3 minutes. How about peppering hints through several episodes and then paying those things off? Where IS that suspense I mentioned in general?And so I ask YOU, the good readership, to help me understand where this season is going but more importantly, how can we get past the "well, that's what HAPPENS in 24, Mike" answer that I anticipate?There ARE original stories that can fit into the 24 format.
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Well it's finally here: The 24 finale. Not only the season finale, but the series finale. It's the end of the road for Jack Bauer - and based on what Fox has allowed to be done to his character this season all I can say is "Rest in Peace."Now that's not to say that I know he's going to die in tonight's episode (this is being written prior to the show airing), but what I am saying is that as far as I'm concerned the well-loved, honorable, stop-at-(almost)-nothing to defend his country man that we've come to know died a few episodes back.Whoever took over the series and the character played by Keifer Sutherland from the original creators of 24 seems to have had a different vision of who Jack Bauer really is... apparantly a vengeful psychopath that has just been barely held in check for 7 seasons. This season he's crossed a line he never actually contemplated crossing before: Cold blooded murder of unarmed people for revenge - and torture so vile that it would make Al Qaeda proud.In case it's not clear, I've not been happy about this final season (#8) of 24 - frankly, I wish they'd retired it about three years ago while it was still great - and with what they've done with the show this season I just don't see the prospect of a theatrical version of 24 doing that well at the box office.The following review is full of spoilers for this episode.The culmination of the season sees Jack determined to go all the way up to the top of the chain of terrorist events of the past 24 hours and expose Russian President Suvarov, who was the ultimate power behind the day's events. Jack has killed everyone up the chain up to that point and is making headway in getting to Suvarov. They do at least show a bit of humanity in Jack when he tells ex-President Logan's aide that they took away the option of a justice system for him when they tried to bury the events of the day - making him judge and jury. He spares the life of the aide instead of murdering him.Dalia (now President of the IRK) finds out about the source of the assassination and confronts President Taylor, who finally has to come clean about the cover up. Taylor has been sliding down that slippery slope and fighting it as best she can, but is willing to pay almost any price for the Middle East peace agreement to go through. When Dalia refuses to sign the agreement once she learns the truth, Taylor goes off the deep end and threatens a full scale attack if Dalia doesn't sign the treaty. VERY grudgingly, Dalia agrees to sign.Jack of course makes it into the UN building without much trouble, while Chloe, Arlo and Ortiz try to get to Jack in order to retrieve the video evidence, get the information out and stop him from assassinating the Russian President.Chloe comes upon Jack as he is about to assassinate the Russian President, and manages to get through to him by invoking Renee Walker - saying she wouldn't want a war started because of her (with a country that has intercontinental nukes, no less). Jack acquiesces, - but knows that the TAC team is coming and gets Chloe to shoot him just as they arrive in order for her to be able to get the digital recording out.Eventually President Taylor has a change of heart, after watching a recording that Jack made for his daughter about the events of the day and stops the agreement from being signed - along with stopping the planned assassination of Bauer by Logan. In the end Jack's death is barely averted, but Taylor tells him that they'll both have to face the consequences of what they did that day - and is going to give him some time to leave the country and go into hiding. In a heartfelt goodbye, Jack tells Chloe that he never thought that she would be the one who watched out for him for so many years - and that is the end.After the incredible suspense of some previous seasons, this final episode felt lacking. Maybe it's from having gone through this so many times, but there was never really a sense that the plan wouldn't succeed or that the news wouldn't somehow get out. I guess they can only dangle you out over the edge of the precipice so many times until you learn they're always going to bring you back in to safety.And here's a major issue: The final episode of every season has always revolved around some critical danger that Jack has to stop. In this episode the big issue was "will he assassinate the Russian President?"Seriously?Was the audience supposed to be on the edge of its seat for fear that Jack would go through with it? The man was responsible for an attempted terrorist attack that would have taken out tens of thousands of people, which was only avoided because JACK stopped it.Jack had already taken out everyone else up the chain who was involved, so who gives a damn if the guy was killed? That was a poor, poor lynch-pin for the episode. Yeah, yeah - nuclear war, yadda yadda - not much of a motivating threat in the last 45 minutes of a series finale.The one thing that was in doubt was whether they would actually kill Jack at the end of the episode since this was the end of the series - but no, they left him alive and on the run. There was too much similarity to the same thing that happened a few seasons back when Jack had to go on the run from the U.S. government. Frankly after 8 "days" I was ready to see Jack finally have some peace in his life, as they hinted at 24 episodes ago in the season opener... the chance to finally retire and enjoy life with his daughter and grandchild.So after so many years of nail-biting episodes and entire seasons, this final episode of 24 felt like it went out more with a whimper than with a roar.Sadly, not a fitting end to the story of Jack Bauer - no doubt due to the bloody temptation to bring him back once more whether it be in another season, series or feature film.Bummer.
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
24: Legacy has been canceled by FOX after one season. 24, the action-adventure series starring Kiefer Sutherland as counterterrorism agent Jack Bauer, was one of the most significant network TV phenomena of the current millennium, following its debut in late 2001. It helped define the post-9/11 era, contributing to real life debates about anti-terrorism tactics and torture, while also revolutionizing television storytelling with its real-time structure.24’s original run ended after eight seasons in 2010, but FOX spent several years afterward attempting to resurrect it in various formats. There was much talk of a feature film that never happened, although Sutherland’s Jack Bauer did return for a limited series, 24: Live Another Day, that aired in 2014. 24 was revived again this past season for a 12-episode sequel series, 24: Legacy, with no Bauer; now, the future of the 24 franchise is uncertain once again.Variety reported Wednesday on the series' cancelation; however, FOX is continuing to explore “future iterations” of the 24 concept, including some type of real-time anthology series, so it may not be truly dead after all.The new version of 24, which starred Corey Hawkins as Bauer stand-in Eric Carter, retained the look and feel, as well as the format, pace and musical style, of the original series, with a pair of former 24 writers, Manny Coto and Evan Katz, serving as showrunners. But while Carlos Bernard’s Tony Almeida returned, the new 24 was missing a key element -- Jack Bauer.Therefore, the decision is not much of a surprise. Ratings, starting with the show’s debut following February’s Super Bowl, were soft. But beyond that, the series never really captured the imagination of the culture at large, the way the original series had all those years ago. This spring had some buzzy TV shows, but 24: Legacy never achieved that status, possibly because there was never much appetite for a post-Jack 24.FOX has made a habit the last few years of rebooting various expired TV series, with The X-Files and Prison Break both getting revivals recently. 24: Legacy is another example of this, and judging by the Variety report, the network is not done with it yet. But perhaps they should be. 24 was a very important series in television history and was great for a long time, but it had clearly run out of steam by the end, even when Kiefer Sutherland was still part of the show. Perhaps the network should take it as a sign that they’re better off pursuing a more original idea.Next: 24: Legacy Review: The Same 24, For Better or WorseSource: Variety
Tags:
24,
24 legacy
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
While it's definitely true that television is perpetually on a quest for the Next Big Thing, sometimes that thing is part of an already established formula. At least that's what FOX and the producers behind 24: Legacy are likely hoping, as the series that became famous for packing a season's worth of action and adventure into one horrible, no good, very bad day, is now set to continue the… legacy of original series star Kiefer Sutherland. That's a tall order, as throughout Sutherland's nine-season run, the sound of Jack Bauer's thunder punches and cries of "Dammit, Chloe!" became as synonymous with the series as its ever-present ticking clock.But as the series gets set to welcome in a new lead actor and hero with Corey Hawkins taking on the role of Eric Carter, it becomes clear this new iteration is more about passing the torch than reinventing the wheel. This has been more or less evident since FOX released the first footage from the show, sharing a lengthy first-look at Legacy with potential advertisers earlier this year. But the degree to which that initial footage successfully demonstrated the potential of lifting a key component like Bauer from the series and inserting an unknown commodity like Hawkins's Carter was surprising. While it didn't exactly breathe new life into the concept of the long-running series, it's not necessarily a concept that requires much in the way of rethinking.That doesn't necessarily mean FOX is assured a winner when the show finally premieres after the Super Bowl in February 2017. As such, the network has begun what's sure to be a marketing onslaught for the new series over the next few months. The opening salvo of that blitz begins with a new extended trailer for Legacy that does double duty in terms of spelling out the specifics of the threat facing Carter and the CTU, while enticing potential viewers with a rundown of the show's impressive cast.Hawkins, of course, has seen his star rise considerably since taking on the role of Dr. Dre in the biopic Straight Outta Compton. In addition to Hawkins, though, the new trailer is sure to remind everyone that co-star Miranda Otto, who plays former head of the CTU Rebecca Ingram, was one of the best things about Homeland season 5, and that Emmy-winner Jimmy Smits (because Emmy-winner is easier than running down the impressive list of TV shows and movies Smits has been involved in over the years) also has a key role as John Donovan, a Senator making a run for president who also happens to be Ingram's husband.But if the cast doesn't convince you that 24 is in good hands, then perhaps the many, many action shots will. The trailer doesn't offer up much that hasn't been seen before, but it does do a better job of putting the explosions, gunfights, and car chases into better perspective. By underlining the season's overarching plot of a terrorist set on wreaking havoc on U.S. soil and exacting a little revenge on Carter and his fellow Army Rangers, the new trailer does a solid job reminding viewers why the 24 formula works so well.-24: Legacy premieres Sunday, February 5, 2017 after the Super Bowl on FOX.Photos: FOX
Tags:
24 legacy
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
For 8 seasons, a one off event series (Live Another Day), and a TV movie (Redemption), Kiefer Sutherland's iconic, CTU super agent, Jack Bauer compelled audiences with his tough but heartfelt temperament and characteristically questionable (but arguably effective) tactics in FOX's hit show 24. With Sutherland's alter ego last seen en route to a Russian prison and the show's network forging ahead with their upcoming reboot series 24: Legacy, the actor has discussed his thoughts regarding the franchise's Bauer-less future and the unresolved fate of his character.24 pushed traditional narrative boundaries with the device of presenting their thriller plots within a real time format. Each hour-long episode represented an actual hour within a high-drama conflict taking place over the course of a single day. The original series ran between 2001 and 2010, returning for its 12-hour event season in 2014.Creators Robert Cochran and Joel Surnow will revisit their differentiating narrative format for 24: Legacy, but have replaced their hero with a yet to be cast new protagonist, described by FOX as a Military hero, recently returned from deployment and seeking help from the CTU due to a threat to his life and a dangerous terrorist plot afoot. FOX CEO Dana Walden has recently discussed casting and confirmed that while Legacy will nod to original characters and events, the new series will feature an all new cast of 24 characters.At a recent TIFF LIVE Q&A session Sutherland was given the opportunity to publicly weigh in on the reboot concept:“I have said from the beginning that the real star of 24 is the idea, and I mean that wholeheartedly.”In the clip unveiled by TVLine, the actor praised 24's writers for Bauer's long-game character arc over the nine epic seasons and said he expects "pretty extraordinary things" from Legacy. He joked about not accepting blame for his character's unresolved fate and went on to speculate about the sometime-discussed concept of a Bauer-based movie or at least possible future in-show cameo:“I have no idea if the [24] movie will ever happen, or Jack Bauer might end up finding his way into an episode one day and clarifying all of that, or ending all of that,”Unless Sutherland is keeping a secret Bauer appearance under his hat for the purpose of not revealing Legacy spoilers, fans hoping that the show's legendary hero would drop into the new series at some point may be disappointed. Despite the high stakes drama of 24's story lines and fast paced presentation, it is arguable that it was Sutherland's award-winning performance that was the show's greatest selling point. The creators displayed a penchant for truly torturing their lead character (both physically and emotionally) and Sutherland continually rose to the challenge, combining machine-like drive with moments of captivating vulnerability within the character. Whether this unique element is vital to 24's ongoing success or even possible to replicate is the question existing fans will be most concerned with.Whoever is cast as the new lead has large boots to fill, the possibilities for new story lines and characters are pretty unrestricted by 24's themes and setting. It will be interesting to see how Legacy will develop the franchise and work with a new set of characters to explore.We will continue to keep you posted with news of 24: Legacy as it develops.Source: TVLine, TIFF Live
Tags:
24,
24 legacy
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
On the heels of The X-Files revival and the Netflix sitcom sequel series Fuller House is the next TV reboot, FOX's upcoming 24: Legacy. Another terrorist conspiracy is set to occupy the CTU, which will return without 24's iconic lead Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland), but retain the original show's real-time format of seeing an hour of the story play out during each episode.With 2014’s 12-episode limited series, 24: Live Another Day proving a big success for the network, the continuation of the show is an exciting prospect for fans. For the past month, 24: Legacy has been busy filling out its main cast, with Straight Outta Compton star Corey Hawkins and Homeland's Miranda Otto set as the leads, along with The Flash's Teddy Sears as another key cast member.Now, TV Line reports that 24: Legacy will add another familiar face to its cast as a major character: Sons of Anarchy and NYPD Blue's Jimmy Smits, who will play U.S. Senator John Donovan. Smits' character is married to Miranda Otto's former CTU head Rebecca Ingram and is a powerful political figure with aspirations for higher office.FOX co-chairman and CEO Dana Walden also spoke a bit more about the premise:"There’s a time jump, a new organization, a completely different story. It’s a contemporary story about the potential to activate sleeper cells in the United States. There are nods in the pilot to prior CTU agents, but no ongoing characters."Jimmy Smits is a powerful presence whenever he turns up and usually steals plenty of scenes, even as he provides solid and generous supporting chops. Fans have most recently seen him play brothel owner Nero Padilla on the final seasons of Sons of Anarchy, but he has experience playing a powerful politician in his role as U.S. Representative Matt Santos on The West Wing, a character modeled on Barack Obama.Smits' powerful senator character is of course bound to be a central figure in 24: Legacy's plot, and his relationship with Miranda Otto's former director of the Counter Terrorist Unit sounds like a large and complicated conflict-of-interest story arc waiting to happen. Fans will undoubtedly feel Kiefer Sutherland's absence in a big way, but with charismatic and versatile leads like Hawkins, Otto, and now Jimmy Smits involved, there is plenty of potential to not just please 24's diehard audience but draw in new viewers as well.Screen Rant will continue to keep you posted with news of 24: Legacy as it develops.Source: TV Line
Tags:
24 legacy
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
After discovering the upcoming 24 reboot 24: Legacy would not feature the series' iconic Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) as the male lead, the most awaited news for fans of the original show was the casting of the new protagonist: military hero, Eric Carter. Now that it has been revealed Straight Outta Compton's Corey Hawkins has landed the role, interest has shifted further to the series' mysterious new female lead and the actor who will be bringing her to life.Fans did not need to wait long for the answer to that question, though, as it has been revealed that Miranda Otto, whose recent role in Homeland proved she's more than qualified to portray secret government agents, has been recruited to join the brand new cast.24: Legacy will continue with the successful concept of the original, maintaining the real-time format and setting, but shifting the focus to an all new cast and fresh plot. The new series has been scripted by 24 writers Evan Katz and Manny Coto and will be directed by Stephen Hopkins, who is returning to the franchise from the pilot episode back in 2001.FOX has revealed that Legacy will center around Carter who becomes involved with CTU when his life is threatened by an as-yet unexplained connection from his military past. This threat will somehow correspond to a larger plot of a deadly terrorist attack on American soil. Deadline has confirmed Otto's casting and the details of her role on the show.The Australian actress will play former CTU chief and Senator's wife, Rebecca Ingram, who regrets her decision to leave the unit and will no doubt be drawn back into the action in light of the new threats. This role will mark the second time Otto will have worked with Homeland's executive producer Howard Gordon (who joins co-producers Katz, Coto, and Brian Glazer for the series). Otto made an impression as Homeland's Alison Carr in her season 5 role, handling the sensual and conniving CIA agent with subtle command throughout a complicated character arc that involved a long game reveal of her true intentions and allegiances.Whereas long-time 24 fans may be disenchanted by the lack of Sutherland's established talent, each new casting announcement suggests the showrunners are handling their decisions astutely, bringing diversity and proven aptitude into the new roles. Both Hawkins and Otto have large shoes to fill in Legacy but their combined talents could be more than enough to cement the franchise's new direction in the eyes of 24's existing fan base and potential new audience.When we are let back through CTU's glass doors, the faces may be new but the continued involvement of veteran 24 creators is a reassuring sign that much will also be familiar. And although it doesn't look as if Jack Bauer will be released from his Russian prison anytime soon, Sutherland has endorsed Legacy with his blessing, so hopefully it won't disappoint.Screen Rant will continue to keep you posted with news of 24: Legacy as it develops.Source: Deadline
Tags:
24 legacy
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Given the state of television and movies as of late, the idea that FOX would ever let the 24 series lie dormant for an extended period of time was incredibly unlikely. The series lasted for nearly a decade, providing audiences with a collection of violent day-in-the-life stories from the perspective of hero Jack Bauer. Kiefer Sutherland's performance in the role played a huge part in the show's success, proving that even after Jack put in his notice with the CTU, the character could come back and lead a smaller-sized story to another ratings victory. But after Jack was hoisted into the air by a Russian helicopter, it seemed the future of the series was as much in question as the character's. And so the network and producer Howard Gordon made the inevitable decision to continue the series with the aptly titled 24: Legacy.Turning the show over to a new hero in Corey Hawkins' Eric Carter is a risky bet, one that the series hedges by maintaining as many similarities to the original show as it possibly can. That means 24: Legacy comes complete with the same (almost) real-time presentation as its namesake (though shortened to a 13-episode season, like 24: Live Another Day) and the same incredibly fast-paced action, segmented editing, and trust-no-one plotlines. It also demonstrates how, nearly 16 years after the series first premiered, the 24 franchise's worldview hasn't changed at all since its 2001 premiere.The show's reticence in that sense is something of a double-edged sword, one that serves the core intention it has successfully maintained since its inception. 24 may exist in a world where absolutely anyone the hero interacts with may be a mole, but such narrative ambiguities don't necessarily extend to the way 24 is guaranteed to depict its characters. The actions of the hero are fairly cut-and-dry; even those that clearly cross a line are presented as blameless given the extreme nature and immediacy of his circumstances. 24 was never a show that dabbled much in subtlety or nuance, and 24: Legacy continues that specific legacy of "might makes right" by having Eric Carter follow in Jack Bauer's footsteps in every way possible. The result is the same high-octane series that nonetheless pins its narrative on tired, stereotypical representations of specific groups, especially Muslims and African Americans.Legacy begins with a level of graphic violence common to the show. A family is the victim of a bloody home invasion that is quickly revealed to be retribution by a group of Islamic terrorists killing Army Rangers in the name of their now-dead leader Sheik Bin-Khalid. It turns out, Eric is part of an elite group of Rangers responsible for the Sheik's death and now his followers have come to exact bloody vengeance. Oh, and there's a flash drive involved, because there always has to be a tech-based MacGuffin for the characters to chase down and plug into a computer or phone, revealing some tertiary but still necessary plot point.Soon after, Eric is introduced, having come home from a far less demanding job working high-level security. There's tension between him and his wife Nicole (Anna Diop), as it seems Eric is having trouble adjusting to civilian life. But such examinations have to wait, as the Carters are set to become the next victims of the terrorist group cruising through town, laying waste to now-retired Army Rangers. It's the sort of sequence that proves the couple's mettle, and also provides key information about a lockbox stolen from the Sheik by Marcus Grimes (Charlie Hofheimer), the only other surviving member of Eric's unit. The moment is effective in how it delivers on the 24 promise that every encounter between opposing forces will reveal some heretofore unknown yet essential detail, heightening the tension and raising the stakes for the hero as his next objective becomes clear.The first hour's objectives are laid out with video game-like proficiency; Eric's goals are to get his wife to safety, find Marcus (and chastise him about stealing), and get to the bottom of a potential conspiracy that may or may not involve the new head of the CTU, Keith Mullins (Teddy Sears). That requires cutting the narrative into multiple threads and introducing Miranda Otto's outgoing CTU head Rebecca Ingram, whose husband Sen. John Donovan (Jimmy Smits) has much higher political ambitions. Rebecca becomes Eric's eyes and ears through the magic of always-on surveillance equipment. As an added bonus, Rebecca and her millennial-hating CTU tech assistant Andy (Dan Bucatinsky) arrive at the conclusion that the incomprehensibly porous CTU once again must have a mole and that mole must be Keith.The ability to juggle multiple plotlines while moving at the television equivalent of a full sprint continues to be the series' most vital component. It's especially important here as Legacy is tasked with passing the baton from Sutherland to Hawkins. While there will undoubtedly be those watching who find the idea of a Jack Bauer-less 24 too unappealing a prospect to consider watching, the transition from Jack to Eric is more or less effortless, proving how surprisingly easy it is for the series to alternate characters in the hero slot.Designated Hero is about as far as the characterization of Eric goes in the first hour. He's more or less a blank slate on which the series' ever-complicated narrative can be written. The premiere does what it can to add to his circumstances, introducing Eric's brother Isaac (Ashley Thomas) as a Stringer Bell-like drug dealer who shares a past with Nicole and around whom a power struggle is about to erupt. 24: Legacy is not The Wire nor does it aim to be, so it seems unlikely the series will have anything substantive to say on the topic it introduces with Isaac and the particulars of his chosen racket. Which again raises the issue of easy stereotypes, and the show's reliance on them as shortcut for characterization.As frustrating as it can be for the series to begin conversations it has neither the intention nor the time to follow through with, it's the price of the series' reality adjacent premise. Like its predecessor, 24: Legacy borrows certain elements from the real world to help augment and maintain its status as a fast-paced yet grounded action-thriller. Doing so in 2017, however, reveals the problems inherent in resurrecting a series born in and of a much different political climate.To that end, 24: Legacy will likely thrill those looking to be wowed by the action-hero antics of Eric Carter and the series' willingness to embrace narrative twists no matter how implausible they may seem. In that regard, this reboot/continuation works like a charm. But for others, this legacy will feel more like a dusty relic than a proper update.Next:24: Legacy Extended Trailer – New Day. New Hero.24: Legacy continues on Monday with '1:00pm – 2:00pm' @9pm on FOX.
Tags:
24 legacy
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
For nearly as long as there's been a Super Bowl, TV networks have used the time slot immediately following the broadcast to bring the big game’s audience to high-profile programming. Sometimes, the network shows the premiere of a debuting series; other times, it’s a particularly major episode of an existing series.This year, with FOX showing the game, it gave the post-Super Bowl spot to the premiere of 24: Legacy, the new spinoff series of its long-running hit 24. The new show retains the visual style and format of the original series with an all-new cast that doesn’t include longtime hero Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland), while coming from a pair of longtime 24 producers. Now, the ratings are in for the first episode.The premiere episode of 24: Legacy attracted 17.6 million viewers and 6.1 rating, according to EW. While those are pretty strong numbers by normal television standards, they actually represent the lowest ratings for a post-Super Bowl broadcast in 14 years. That was the series premiere of Alias in 2003; the last three post-Super Bowl broadcasts — the Prince-starring New Girl episode on FOX in 2014, The Blacklist episode on NBC in 2015 and The Late Show with Stephen Colbert on CBS in 2016 — all broke 20 million viewers.The broadcast of 24: Legacy started unusually late as the game, in which the New England Patriots defeated the Atlanta Falcons, was the first Super Bowl in the game’s 51-year history to go into overtime. The game ended after 10 p.m. on the East Coast, and after various postgame ceremonies, the 24 broadcast began at around 11. According to FOX, it was the third-latest start for a post-Super Bowl broadcast in history.The late start may not be the sole reason for the lower ratings. After all, the game had an outstanding and surprising finish, which likely kept more eyeballs on the Super Bowl who might have tuned out an hour or two earlier had the contest remained a blowout. There’s also the notion that the show earned lukewarm reviews, and much like the time a Matt Damon-less Bourne movie was attempted -- also with “Legacy” in the title — perhaps there isn’t much audience interest in a 24 without Jack Bauer.The ratings story will likely become clearer before long, especially with the second episode airing Monday night. Although, it's worth remembering that when the original 24 debuted in 2001, it took some time to gain momentum. So don't count out new 24 quite yet. After all, things didn’t look so great out of the gate for the New England Patriots Sunday night, either.Next: 24: Legacy Review: The Same 24, For Better or Worse24: Legacy will continue to air on Monday nights on FOX.Source: EW
Tags:
24 legacy
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
24: Legacy has a re-formed CTU, a brand new protagonist and a deadly terrorist plot to occupy another drama-fueled day. The reboot series is now filling out its government agency ranks with great momentum, regularly revealing fresh casting announcements for the entirely new set of characters. The series has already secured Corey Hawkins (Straight Outta Compton) and Miranda Otto (Homeland) for the two lead roles and has just sourced the latest key team member from popular TV with The Flash guest star Teddy Sears.Legacy will share the same real-time format as the original show with each episode conveying an hour within a full day in which a terrorist threat takes place. The stylistic traits synonymous with the franchise -- such as the use of split screen and an accelerated pace will be present, but the returning showrunners have moved the reboot forward by designing their concept around a fresh set of characters, retiring Kiefer Sutherland's iconic Jack Bauer (for now, at least) along with his remaining, surviving original colleagues.So far, it has been revealed that Hawkins' character will be filling a Bauer-esque role as military hero Eric Carter, who is seeking CTU's help as his life is threatened by a past adversary from his service in Iraq. This danger will connect somehow with the greater storyline of a terrorist plot to attack American soil. Otto's character, Rebecca Ingram, is a former CTU head who is drawn back into the counter terrorist action, and Deadline has now revealed that the role of her successor -- the current head of the unit -- will be played by Sears. The character's name is Keith Mullins, the ambitious former second of Ingram, who replaced her when she stepped down.In addition, to Sears' recurring role as Jay Garrick in The Flash, he has proved his versatility in a variety of shows including Masters of Sex and American Horror Story. Greater details about his Legacy character are yet to be disclosed, but developing conflict within the CTU staff has often been a device used by 24 to create additional drama, by focusing on bluffs about character loyalties and sticky plot twists. Perhaps this ambitious character will resent the intervention of his former boss and cause dangerous distractions -- a season of 24 where everyone just does their job professionally and without a bit of personal conflict just wouldn't be the 24 we have come to expect.Despite the inevitable disappointment that the franchise has absconded its enigmatic, seasoned lead for a rookie set of characters, the casting news released so far seems like the creators are making strong choices in securing the kind of talent necessary to bring confident authenticity to Legacy in Jack Bauer's absence. But will it be enough?Screen Rant will continue to keep you posted with news of 24: Legacy as it develops.Source: Deadline
Tags:
the flash,
24 legacy
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
24 was in many ways FOX's signature drama series of the 2000s, an action-packed adrenaline rush where no one's allegiance was certain. The show's primary claim to fame was its real-time story concept, in which each episode of a given 24 season presented the events of one hour in a single dangerous day in the life of protagonist Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland). At this point, Bauer is arguably Sutherland's signature, career-defining role, despite his long resume prior to 24's premiere.In 2014, 24 returned from with the limited miniseries event 24: Live Another Day, which transported Jack's deadly adventures overseas. Live Another Day was a hit with critics, but drew a slightly more mixed reaction from fans. Still, the ratings were decent enough that many wondered when FOX would deliver more 24 action to viewers. As it turned out, the answer is 2017, but with a pretty big change to the patented 24 formula: no Jack Bauer.Like Live Another Day, 24: Legacy will also consist of 12 episodes, but still stick to 24's signature real-time concept. The plot now centers on Eric Carter (Corey Hawkins), an ex-Army Ranger who participated in the operation to take out a terrorist leader prior to his return home. Unfortunately, the terrorist organization is now out to take retribution by attacking inside the U.S., leaving Eric to try and stop them. FOX has released a new trailer for Legacy, and THR also reports interested viewers can soon learn more about Carter's background in a 5-issue prequel comic book series. The trailer can be viewed above.Released by IDW Publishing, the 24: Legacy - Rules of Engagement prequel comic will be written by Christopher Farnsworth, and will detail Carter's history prior to the series premiere. This will include time spent in both Iraq and Washington, D.C., long before he helped take down the aforementioned terrorist leader. Antonio Fuso will supply the art, with 24: Legacy executive producers Manny Coto and Evan Katz supervising the whole endeavor.24: Legacy - Rules of Engagement will become available both in stores and digitally in April, although a firm date has not yet been revealed. This series continues IDW's relationship with 24, which also included a prequel comic set before Live Another Day, entitled 24: Underground. With Eric Carter set to take the 24 reins from such a beloved character as Jack Bauer, it's probably a good idea for FOX and company to give fans every opportunity to learn more about and connect with this new hero going forward, especially if 24: Legacy ends up returning in 2018.24: Legacy premieres on Sunday, February 5, right after the Super Bowl.Sources: FOX, THR
Tags:
24 legacy
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[This is a review of 24: Live Another Day episode 11. There will be SPOILERS.]-Because a specific structure is so important to how the overall series of 24 works, it stands to reason that there are certain expectations that need to be met within the storyline's framework. And since this season has been modified to be half the length of previous offerings, that structure, then, has to make certain leaps in order to maintain the basic flow of things. So far, that has been to the great benefit of 24: Live Another Day, as the season has mostly managed to avoid some of the pitfalls of previous entries in terms of filling the 24 hour (i.e., episode) quota. Basically, if 24's structure were to be imagined as a physical structure, it might look something like an incredibly steep flight of stairs, and Live Another Day just came along and took several of those stairs out.As such, '9:00 p.m. – 10:00 p.m.' – like the two previous episodes – has to make something of a leap in order to reach the next step, which, in this case, will be the last. To their credit, the last two hours managed their leaps rather well, first by tossing Margot Al-Harazi out a window, and then by plugging Steve Navarro and Adrian Cross into the 24 villain matrix before disposing of them with astonishing swiftness. That left the recently resurrected Cheng Zhi as the true antagonist of Live Another Day, and depending on how much you enjoy such twists, you're mileage on his return may vary dramatically.It's certainly not out of the realm of possibility for a series such as this to bring back a character believed to be dead, but one has to wonder what purpose Cheng was intended to serve that couldn't have been fulfilled by one of the characters introduced in the Live Another Day scenario. Was he brought back because the series has been off the air for four years and his inclusion – as well as that of Audrey and now President Heller – helps to connect the events of Live Another Day to the rest of the 24 series in a more concrete and emotionally charged fashion? Was Cheng brought back because the series is shorter than other seasons before it, so a villain with a preexisting backstory was necessary? Or does Cheng just fit into the notion of resurrection lingering over the return of a series that had been dead itself for many years?It's likely a combination of all those factors, and since Cheng manages to introduce (or in this case, re-introduce) an emotionally resonant thread that the narrative perhaps didn't have time to properly cultivate, he's really just a short cut to what may prove to be a more comprehensive conclusion that makes Jack's relationship with Audrey – even though they've barely even been in the same room together – suddenly a more viable part of the overall narrative. And so, in that sense, Cheng's appearance and involvement (however implausible) actually seems to work rather well, reopening old emotional wounds even though his tactics sometimes feel too familiar and beholden to what 24's structure is all about.The rest of '9:00 p.m. – 10:00 p.m.' is essentially one slam-bang action set piece after another, beginning with Jack and Kate's shootout with the Russians, and ending with Jack, Kate, and Mark's shootout with the Russians.For his part, Mark Boudreau was essentially working against Jack all season – even when Mark was helping Jack, it was to help himself – but his display of remorse and usefulness (disposable usefulness, but still) may have stayed his arrest for the time being. After all, Jack's willingness to put his neck on the line for the president earned him a pardon, so maybe Mark will just wind up being bounced down to the private sector after a brief stint in a minimum security federal penitentiary or something.At any rate, with World War III looming, and Stonebridge pressing Heller to fire up the nukes, Jack Bauer and the rest of the Live Another Day crew have more to worry about than whether Mark's earned a partial reprieve. '9:00 p.m. – 10:00 p.m.' was a loaded (maybe overloaded) hour of television, but it nicely set things up for a finale that could determine whether this resurrection of 24 will be a one-off experiment or the start of something new.24: Live Another Day concludes next Monday @9pm on FOX. Check out a preview below:Photos: Chris Raphael/FOX
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[This is a review of 24: Live Another Day episode 4. There will be SPOILERS.]-Right around the time of day most people are wishing they could take a nap, Jack Bauer is storming an embassy and helping deliver an incredibly well-executed episode of 24: Live Another Day that takes complete advantage of the show's formula. But in addition to delivering a entertaining and compact episode, '2:00pm-3:00pm' is the first episode to demonstrate how the switch to a shortened 12-episode season seems to have the show utilizing its time in such a way the pacing feels frenetic but more streamlined than ever before.That means Jack's mission inside the embassy to visit Tanner and get a hold of his flight data key is equal bits him actually doing that, and the vehicle through which the show brings the other major players to the table. Of course, that means that Audrey and President Heller are now made aware of Jack's presence in London and the fact that he's convinced a terrorist attack on the city is imminent. Meanwhile, the longer she listens to Jack and is privy to his undying determination, it seems as though Agent Morgan is starting to become a believer of the Jack Bauer Theory. So, in as much as the previous three episodes were table-setting, '2:00pm-3:00pm' is making sure the guests all know where they're seated.At the opposite end of the table, then, is Margot al-Harazi and her Drone Strike Taskforce, and, seated somewhere in the middle (possibly at the kids table) is Adrian Cross and Open Cell crew who aren't quite sure whether they want to help Jack or possibly expose him and the governments he's trying to protect. And, in a way, that creates an interesting set of questions regarding the motivations of and manner in which the audience perceives the characters caught between the extremes of Jack and Margot.On one hand, certain Open Cell members (like Chloe) owe Jack their life, so they're willing to do whatever it takes to pay back that debt. But Cross isn't so indebted to Jack, and is seemingly motivated only by his feelings for Chloe – which leads him to send some decryption software Jack's way, in a nice but ultimately futile show of solidarity. One wonders, though, when the information of hijacked drones and a threat on London as well as President Heller is going to supercede Cross' personal interests and influence his desire to disseminate such incendiary information to his followers.The notion of secrets, or, more specifically, how long they are kept and when they are to be revealed (if ever) becomes a part of the underlying subtext of the narrative. At least it will be until President Heller's degenerative condition is dealt with. Interestingly, this hour of 24 doesn’t really touch on Heller's neurological condition; instead, it briefly plays up the history he and Audrey share with Jack. That history, and the fact that Mark kept the information of Jack's resurfacing from his wife and the president puts a wedge between her and her husband, but it also adds some drama to what was beginning to become a somewhat inert game of Keep the President in the Dark.But having the major players become a more integral part of the plot gives the series the ability to push forward into maybe even more compelling territory. So far, 24: Live Another Day has been getting by on the significance of Jack's return and, partially, on displays of Margot's extremism, which, apparently extend to compelling Navid to pilot the drones by having a henchman liberate some of Simone's fingers from her hand.Setting up a battle of the extremes is exactly what the series excels at, and with one third of the story already gone that battle will only get more intense. But the show has also inserted some interesting variables and characters to the 24 equation that just may keep things from going down in anything but the usual fashion.__________________________________________________24: Live Another Day continues next Monday with '3:00pm-4:00pm' @9pm on FOX. Check out a preview below:Photos: Daniel Smith/FOX
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[This is a review of 24: Live Another Day episode 5. There will be SPOILERS.] -Not long after Margot Al-Harazi delivers her ultimatum to the world and, more specifically, President Heller and the citizens of London, Heller reacts to the provocation the only way he can: By realizing he's caught between a rock and a hard place. As 24: Live Another Day has already established, Heller's been in London attempting to drudge up support for a drone base. So far, his day has seen him repeatedly cleaning the egg from his face, after the drone Derrick Yates hijacked wound up killing several soldiers - and now, he's dealing with Margot inciting moral outrage across the globe – at least with those who believe in the notion of an eye for an eye.As Heller puts it, Margot can claim "a moral victory," which, if her plans continue unabated, puts him in the unenviable position of not only failing to prevent an attack on London, but being the cause of it as well. In that regard, '3:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m.' is yet another hour of bad news, as shortly after Margot's declaration goes viral, Navarro, Erik, and the rest of a task force - believing they've uncovered her location - wind up on the business end of a drone's missile strike. Not only does this demonstrate Al-Harazi's ability to control the drones, but it also proves her willingness to blow whatever she wants all to hell, just to prove a point.And so, to a certain extent, the plot of another terrific, fast-paced episode is primarily split between Margot's demonstrations of power – which she displays by releasing her demands, blowing up the estate, and finally killing Navid, once he proves expendable – and Heller's rapidly diminishing options. Because of this, the episode is fairly light on Jack Bauer scenes, which actually works to the benefit of the other characters, as Tate Donovan and Benjamin Bratt wind up doing more than barking at people on the other end of a telephone. Sure, Navarro doesn't actually do anything, or cause any real change with is actions, but getting him out of the CIA blacksite is the first step in the right direction. Meanwhile, Mark Boudreau gets a chance to apologize to Audrey and the president for his anti-Bauer behavior, but with Jack locked just a few feet away, Mark might as well be talking to the wall.The scene between Jack and Audrey, then, actually comes at the right time in the series. Live Another Day has largely been propelled by the lingering memory of Jack Bauer – both in terms of the narrative and the show's viewership – and allowing the characters with an actual history to acknowledge that helps to ground the series on a more potent emotional level - one that goes deeper than remembering the time Jack shot that one guy. There is a great deal left unspoken between the two, but Jack's acknowledgement of his past actions and the sentence they may yet see carried out against him, works to unify his arc with that of Heller and Al-Harazi's. The notion of sins of the past coming back not simply to haunt characters, but to influence their present day actions resonates rather loudly here - and even spreads into the threads of Kate Morgan and Chloe, to a certain degree.So far, Heller has been unable to respond; he's only been afforded the opportunity to react to what's being handed out to him by the likes of Margot, the British Prime Minister, and now Jack – who wants to track down an arms dealer to get a beat on Margot and her children. It stands to reason that this is just the beginning of worse things to come for the president. On the other hand, when and if his neurological condition comes into play, his refusal to disclose that information and/or react to it by withdrawing from the presidency, may well paint him as yet another in a long line of horrible leaders of the free world - the one that 24 has had in its version of the Oval Office.__________________________________________________24: Live Another Day will continue next Monday with '4:00 p.m. – 5:00 p.m.' @9pm on FOX.Photos: Daniel Smith/FOX
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[This is a review of 24: Live Another Day episode 7. There will be SPOILERS.]-At this point in 24: Live Another Day, the audience hasn't had much of an opportunity to see what President Heller's term in office has been like; they've only been given a firsthand account of what may well be his worst (and possibly last) day in office. Heller's decision to make a clandestine call to his sworn enemy Margot Al-Harazi has all the trappings of a suicide mission and appears to be Heller's last-ditch attempt at making things right after coming to the realization that remaining in one of the most powerful positions in the world following a diagnosis of a debilitating neurological condition like Alzheimer's is "arrogant, vain, and stupid." Apparently, then, making a secret call to negotiate with the terrorist currently threatening London with hijacked military drones is something else entirely?But to be fair to the president, he doesn't actually tell Margot he's surrendering – the episode leaves the audience hanging on the silence at the end of their conversation, letting the implication of the interplay suggest Heller's about to do something drastic in an attempt to save more lives, when he could just as easily be planning on doing the opposite. Naturally, there is also a heavy implication that he plans on bringing Jack in on his solo effort to stop Margot, demonstrating he's a firm believer in the proactive American cowboy way of doing things – which also explains why he chastised the British Prime Minister for daring to interfere with an American operation on British soil.In a way, it feels like '5:00 p.m. – 6:00 p.m.' is the hour in Live Another Day where several characters begin to come to their senses – or at least begin to have something like second thoughts about their present course of action. So far, Heller's been presented as a stoic, centered individual, who has been shouldering the immense burden of a rather murky secret. And at times it felt like the show was interested in what that secret meant in terms of the morality of continuing to keep it that way. Unfortunately, all that's really been given is a reaction by Heller, his daughter, and even the British Prime Minister that's more in line with an athlete being told he's going to have to sit out the rest of the season with a torn ACL.Meanwhile, after Margot had her daughter's finger chopped off, murdered her husband, and then tried to full on murder her, it seems like Simone might be ready to turn on her mother and give the CIA some kind of information – or that could just be a result of the concussion and possible internal injuries she suffered when she was hit by a bus.Elsewhere, it turns out Navarro's contact is none other than Adrian Cross, who tells Steve to have Jordan killed before he can uncover proof that Kate's husband Adam was set up all along. Navarro is briefly hesitant, but after Jordan's life against spending the rest of his in prison, quickly sends his agent out to be killed by the second worst hitman of the hour. And the audience is left with a parting shot of Jordan wet and wounded, but otherwise still breathing.That brings the focus back to Jack and Kate, who don't have time to second guess themselves – not that Jack ever would anyway – since they're busy keeping Simone alive, first by intercepting an assassin, and then by outrunning a poorly piloted drone strike, because that's how 24 handles escalation. Inept hitman leads straight to hellfire missiles; it's a rule, you can look it up. And while the chase fulfilled the episode's action quotient, and the subsequent devastation provided some sort of justification for Simone's potential shifting allegiance and Heller's need to martyr himself, there's a good chance the action will produce more face palms than white knuckles on behalf of the audience.Although things have slowed, you have to hand it to the show for continuing to build toward something, and for allowing time to develop the side characters and their threads. Heller's illness is leading him to make a dramatic decision that could have an enormous impact on how the narrative unfolds. Meanwhile, the Navarro/Cross angle seems ready to intersect with Kate's subplot any minute now. And for a show that literally counts the minutes, that could prove to be the shot in the arm Live Another Day needs right now._________________________________________________24: Live Another Day continues next Monday with '6:00 p.m. – 7:00 p.m.' @9pm on FOX.Photos: Daniel Smith/FOX
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[This is a review for 24: Live Another Day episode 9. There will be SPOILERS.]-For a guy who has to cram more into an hour than most people do in single day, Jack Bauer turns the 60 minutes between '7:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m.' into a veritable clinic on how to take care of business. And with that, it becomes even more evident how this truncated season will effect 24: Live Another Day, in terms of the way its storytelling is laid out, and, more to the point, how it handles the various ups and downs of one thread reaching its climax, while another is waiting to swiftly take its place.And with that '7:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m.' becomes one of the busiest, action-packed episodes of 24, and certainly earns its place as the most eventful and entertaining episodes to have been produced this season.After the apparent but structurally unlikely death of President Heller last week, Live Another Day found itself at a crossroads in terms of the kind of story it wanted to tell. Actually martyring Heller so that Margot Al-Harazi might scuttle her plans to unleash a deadly strike against London would have been an interesting move for the series that might have taken things in an unexpected direction. But for a show based entirely on the usual rightness of its protagonist, and his now-unified battle against a common foe, losing Heller at this point in the game may have come across as too drastic a sacrifice – even for a program in which bystander's legs are shot (okay, grazed) so the hero has a better chance of accomplishing his mission.So, '7:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m.' becomes a swift hour that sees Chloe coming through with a last-second plan to save Heller through some technological chicanery, fooling Margot and her son long enough she follows through with her end of the bargain. One of many surprises that come in the hour, then, is that Margot actually follows through with her agreement to drop the hijacked drones into the ocean, and she almost goes completely through with it before her son – having just watched Speed, apparently – notices a looping glitch on the Heller footage that's similar to the ruse the LAPD tried to use to convince Dennis Hopper he was still in control of the bus. And with their fleet of stolen drones down to one, Margot and her son launch a final, last ditch effort to bomb Waterloo station.But Jack, Chloe, and Kate manage to find them first, leading to an exciting action sequence that ends with Jack scaling down the side of a building and throwing the Al-Harazis out the same window he came in through. It is a rousing moment when Jack literally hurls Margot out the window – despite having already subdued her – that is equal parts everything good and bad about 24. And had the episode ended on that note, the response may have been decidedly different, but '7:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m.' sees the series' primary antagonist go splat at around the 30-minute mark.At that point, the episode pivots to transition Benjamin Bratt and Michael Wincott into the new villains of the piece. Cross wants the device used to hijack the drones, while Navarro is in full-on panic mode after Jordan and his assassin are found dead. Knowing it's only a matter of time before Kate and Jack link the hired gun back to him, the episode ends with Steve making a break for it with the device, only to find Jack is in hot pursuit.In the end, it turns out to be an incredibly entertaining episode that packs as big a wallop as a Jack Bauer Thunder Punch (that poor unsuspecting guard), but the hour also showed how nimble the series could still be by turning on a dime and raising the stakes in a matter of minutes. And with only three episodes to go, that willingness to shift into a higher gear reads like Live Another Day wants to give the audience more than they imagined, making this effort to bring Jack back feel all the more worthwhile._____24: Live Another Day continues next Monday with '8:00 p.m. – 9:00 p.m.' on FOX. Check out a preview below:Photos: Chris Raphael/FOX
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Northern Irish actress Michelle Fairley endured a rather unceremonious exit from HBO's Game of Thrones after the show's shocking season 3 finale, and as we approach the next installment in the franchise, her absence will surely be keenly felt. But you can't keep a good Stark down for very long, and Fairley is now moving onto the next big thing in her career: a role on the miniseries 24: Live Another Day, Fox's new upcoming entry in the life and times of embattled CTU agent Jack Bauer.That's a significant change of scenery, to say the least; Fairley will leave behind her digs in the kingdoms of Westeros in favor of modern-day London, where Bauer once again finds himself shouldering the burden of foiling a catastrophic global terror plot. This time around, however, he's in the unenviable position of being a wanted man following the events of the 24 series finale, which will undoubtedly alter the established dynamic audiences have become accustomed to in the program's respectable eight-season run.But where  does Fairley fit into Bauer's latest bid to save the world? Deadline, who dropped this little nugget of information earlier today, doesn't say outright, but from the sounds of things she's going to be one of 24: Live Another Day's heavies; she'll be playing Margot, a British national who just so happens to be the widow of an infamous terrorist. That still leaves viewers with a very broad picture of what the series will look like, but at least we can safely put her at the center of the threat Jack's out to neutralize.Fairley is coming into 24: Live Another Day late in the game; she'll be replacing Judy Davis, one of the originally projected cast members, who had to sign off of the project for personal reasons. While it's unfortunate that the production had to bid Ms. Davis farewell, gaining the talents of Ms. Fairley in exchange seems like a more than acceptable trade-off. If nothing else, retainers of House Stark will be happy to see her back in action on the small screen.Since disembarking from the violent, unpredictable, unforgiving world of Game of Thrones, Fairley has kept herself busy by making guest appearances in USA's Suits as well as Ralphe Fiennes' biopic The Invisible Woman, and (perhaps most notably) Philomena, Stephen Frears' Oscar-nominated film based on the novel of the same name. 24: Live Another Day should see her operating in a very different mode from each of these, though there's not much detail available about Margot beyond the basics; will she be a sympathetic villain, or perhaps someone who's more of a typical megalomaniac?Wherever Margot falls on the spectrum of antagonism, watching Fairley in the role should be great fun. Thus far, 24: Live Another Day looks like one of the best-cast and potentially most explosive offerings in the series to date. We'll see where it goes come May._____24: Live Another Day premieres on May 5th, 2014.Source: Deadline
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Jack is back - for real this time. At the beginning of the year, a report claimed that Fox was unsatisfied with Billy Ray's script for the big screen version of the hit series 24 and that the movie was in temporary limbo. Not long after, however, Kiefer Sutherland said that the movie was still in the works and that certain elements of Ray's script were still in play.Now, just like its hero, the 24 movie has burst back to life to kick terrorist butt. According to a new report, 24 is just about ready for the big time, pending some last-minute tweaks to the screenplay from new screenwriter Mark Bomback (Unstoppable, The Wolverine).Deadline has the story that Imagine Entertainment and Fox are pushing hard to get the film started by spring to accommodate Kiefer Sutherland's schedule. Assuming there's nothing wrong with Bomback's take on the script, which he has to turn in by the end of the year, 24 could start filming as early as April 2012.At this point, we don't know who Jack Bauer will be fighting as the veteran federal agent/bad-ass, but its unlikely that fans of the series will care. Over its eight seasons on the air, 24 racked up a huge following for its explosive action and fast-paced storytelling. In retrospect, it seems unlikely that anyone (even a counter-terrorist agent) would have so many terrible days, but Bauer's frequent life-and-death challenges were a breath of fresh air in a TV world filled with reality shows.One concern about the 24 movie is that it doesn't have a director yet. Deadline says that director Tony Scott is not attached to the film anymore, but five directors are currently vying for the spot. Needless to say, whoever does take on the director's chair for the 24 movie has a big job on their hands, particularly since many reviewers (including our own Vic Holtreman) thought the 24 series finale was weak.Are you excited that the 24 movie seems to be moving along? What story do you hope to see for Jack Bauer on the big screen?Source: Deadline
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Attempts to get a 24 movie up on the big screen have been going on for years. One version almost made it to the screen before hitting an indefinite production delay; when Jack Bauer finally did resurface, it in the form of a 12-episode TV miniseries called 24: Live Another Day.Live Another Day turned out to be a welcome return to the violent espionage world of Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland), with the shortened episode count (12, as opposed to 24) actually working in the show's favor to keep the action and drama nice and tight and focused - sans random cougar attacks or memory loss story fillers. That's all to say: fans were glad to get back Jack, and would arguably like to see more. Hence why more 24 movie talks are reportedly taking place.TV Line has the exclusive that show producers Imagine Entertainment - and chairman Brian Grazer - are once again optimistic about getting a 24 movie into production. Noted in the report is the fact that while movie plans may be on the minds of producers, there's still the issue of show owner 20th Century Fox and whatever plans could be in store for a 10th season of the show - presumably another miniseries like Live Another Day. The article quotes Fox Networks Group Chairman CEO Peter Rice (back in July) as saying there would have to be talks about where to take the show next.For the studio and producers, the answer is fairly straightforward: you want the most out of your brand, and that means making the movie AND another miniseries. If the opportunity is there, why not? However, for the fans, it is a different question - and one the studio and producers should ultimately be paying close attention to: How much fan enthusiasm is there really for Jack Bauer?24: Live Another Day worked in large part because we were getting the characters and world back in a smaller dose, after much time had passed, with enough new elements mixed in with the old to make the experience both fresh and familiar, all at once. Right now, if I were a betting man, I'd say there's much more enthusiasm to see another miniseries produced with a quality of Live Another Day (which wasn't universally loved, mind you), instead of having to go through the big marketing sell for a 24 movie.As always, there's question of what a 24 movie has to offer that any number of other single-day action movies (see: Die Hard 1 - 3) didn't already offer before. However, on the TV side, Jack Bauer proved this past year that even in the now-crowded action/espionage sub-genre, there's still room for the godfather of American counter-terrorism badassery to have has day. Maybe the show execs should play it safe and stick with their (new) winning formula.As always, we'll keep you updated on all things 24.Source: TV Line
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Just prior to the holidays we put up a brand new trailer for season 8 of 24 titled “The World Hangs in the Balance,” which featured loads of action and some glimpses of the new characters we meet this season. Today, Fox has released another new promo video featuring background music from Jay-Z, Rihanna and Kanye West and it is awesome.Season 8 (Day 8 as it’s also known as) follows the immortal Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) getting pulled into a fight against an assassination scheme made public during a peace conference between President Allison Taylor (Cherry Jones reprises the the role from last season) of the United States and President Omar Hassan (played by Anil Kapoor from Slumdog Millionaire) of the fictional Islamic Republic of Kamistan.Day 8 also brings viewers back to CTU New York (which was previously shut down) and introduces us to some new characters who work for the agency including Freddie Prinze, Jr. and  Katee Sackhoff.Watch and enjoy:Jack is the guy who "always does the right thing." If you've been following 24, it's about time you start catching up.
24 is one of the best shows on television and I couldn't be more excited to see season 8 coming our way in two weeks. I'm even excited to see Freddie Prinze Jr. in this show for some reason, and I've never been a Freddy Prinze Jr. type of guy...
What do you think of the latest promo?
24 Season 8 airs January 17th with a 2-day, 4-hour premiere. We'll be watching.
Source: Fox


Tags:
24



















Penny Dreadful: City Of Angels Casts Original Series Star Rory Kinnear In New Role




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Jack is the guy who "always does the right thing." If you've been following 24, it's about time you start catching up.24 is one of the best shows on television and I couldn't be more excited to see season 8 coming our way in two weeks. I'm even excited to see Freddie Prinze Jr. in this show for some reason, and I've never been a Freddy Prinze Jr. type of guy...What do you think of the latest promo?24 Season 8 airs January 17th with a 2-day, 4-hour premiere. We'll be watching.Source: Fox
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A short 30-second TV spot for the upcoming season of awesome (read: 24) was picked up by SpoilerTV today and it shows exactly what we've come to expect from the season: intensity and action.Titled "The World Hangs in the Balance," this trailer brings the power and energy as well as some looks at the new characters that the previous 24 Season 8 trailer from October didn't show. That one focused on the story and is a must-watch as well.Check out the new teaser below.Season 8 (Day 8 as it's also known as) follows the immortal Jack Bauer getting pulled into a fight against an assassination scheme made public during a peace conference between President Allison Taylor (Cherry Jones reprises the the role from last season) of the United States and President Omar Hassan (played by Anil Kapoor from Slumdog Millionaire) of the fictional Islamic Republic of Kamistan.Better yet, we get to see CTU New York start up again and some new characters added to the agency including Freddie Prinze, Jr. and  Katee Sackhoff. Freddie Prinze Jr.!Watch and enjoy:I love 24 and I think Jack Bauer should fight terror forever until he ends it entirely.What do you think of the latest for 24?24 Season 8 is a mere few weeks away, premiering on January 17, 2010 on Fox.Source: SpoilerTV
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Shortly after 9-11, there was a television series that took viewers on a weekly terrorist-fueled adventure. It was based "in real-time," covering 24 consecutive hours each season with a cast that has made impressions of all kinds over the last eight years. Taking a "day at a time" had a completely new meaning. Whether they've weathered kidnappings, terrorist incursions, caravan ambushes or deadly nerve gas, we've all come to love the cast of "24" for one reason or another.Fox has released the new trailer for season 8 and after taking a gander, I have to say I am impressed. I've been marveling at the cast additions that have sprung up over the last several months and as usual, their shooting schedule is raucous as ever.It's time to rev the 24-love gas pedal again.Included this season along with staple characters we love are a large number of proven character actors gravitating to this last installment of 24 and it looks action-packed already.While I will always say that John McClaine/Bruce Willis invented the successful, "man in the wrong place at the wrong time" model, there's something about taking that same viewpoint, jamming it into 24 consecutive hours in a prime-time television program that wholly belongs to Jack Bauer and 24.Here's to inviting a great new season, another large, racing-against-time cast into the Monday night slot of my life and millions across the Globe. It all starts on January 17th, 2010 - well, actually, with this trailer.What do you think?Source: MovieWeb 
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
UPDATE: Please go here if you're looking for the 24 season 8 series finale.Normally, I come away from a show with a critical eye towards issues or angles that distract me from the main plot, yet this seventh season of 24 and its finale came at us with a new sense of energy, focus and desperation that I don't remember feeling before. I also found myself hating not one, but two characters from the show while being shown a side of Jack Bauer that I was not used to seeing.  That was unique and somewhat disturbing.This year we had no CTU and Jack had to work as a cooperative consultant for the FBI (imagine a consultant that's one of the most dangerous men alive!).  We did get to see some of our CTU favorites but in unique scenarios.You'll see why after the break, where the SPOILERS are hiding.  You've been warned.SPOILERS FOLLOW....Up until the finale, we were thrown one curve after another but that's the norm for a day in the life of Jack Bauer.Jack Bauer (Keifer Sutherland) was removed (read: borrowed) by the FBI from the Senate hearings where he was on trial for his brutal but necessary methods from previous seasons.  The FBI came looking for him for help with dealing with someone from his past - Tony Almeida.In the course of his duties, Jack is infected with the chemical bio-weapon and for the first time, we see Jack at a disadvantage.  Dealing with the affects of the bio-weapon, he's weakened and confused at times.  It was eerie to see Jack this way.We found out that Tony Almeida (Carlos Bernard) was alive but was working with the bad guys, while working for the good guys, and then, as it turned out, Tony was working for the bad guys to kill a bad guy.  Bernard portrayed Almeida very well and I really ended up disliking him.Almeida is the ultimate when it comes to doing everything necessary to achieve his goal, no matter what.  At this stage of the game, what little morals he might have had are gone.In the course of the first few hours of the day, we found that a secret splinter-group of the CTU was still in operation in the form of the ever sarcastically snippy Chloe O' Brian (Mary Lynn Rajskub) and the earnestly focused Bill Buchanan (James Morrison).Through a round-about fashion, Chloe ends up assisting the FBI with their computer woes, Bill Buchanan selflessly gives his life to save the President.  Bills death was a stunner for viewers and Jack alike.From one moment to the next, the terrorists are thwarted by the FBI, with the assistance of a sick Jack Bauer, who was able to maintain some semblance of composure with medications that temporarily stave off the affects of the biochemical coursing through his system.The Final Few Hours Ratcheted Up The IntensityDespite having captured Tony Almeida, the terrorists get to Jack's daughter and Jack is manipulated into helping Tony escape, much to our chagrin.Tony takes Jack hostage with the intent of using his body as a source for a new bio-weapon.  We learn that everything Tony has done he did in order to meet the mastermind behind all of the terror on this day, Alan Wilson (Will Patton).  We learn that Wilson is the grand conspirator behind the deaths of Tony's wife and President David Palmer back in season 5.Back at the airport the FBI manages to apprise Kim that she's being watched by the terrorists.  The cops show up, a shoot out ensues in the airport and one of the terrorists makes a break for it.  The FBI aren't there, so Kim follows the terrorist hoping to retrieve his laptop.  He crashes his car after being shot and Kim needs to get on Twitter bad.Kim bravely digs deep and crawls in the burning car to retrieve a laptop because it's the only connection to where her father, Jack might be.In the end, after tracking the laptop signal to where Jack was being held, the FBI shows up in time just before Tony could detonate the bomb that he strapped to Jack, with the intent to kill master bad guy Alan Wilson.Back at the White House, meanwhile, other things were going on.  The First Daughter, Olivia Taylor (Sprague Grayden), has tricked her way into the White House Chief Of Staff position and is a very manipulative little b*.  I really hated this woman - hence my kudos to Grayden for her portrayal of this little trickster.Olivia lets her emotions get the best of her and she has Jonas Hodges (Jon Voight) assassinated.  Hodges was one of the initial middlemen in this terrorist plot and was responsible for killing Olivia's brother at the end of the 24: Redemption.Aaron Pierce (Glenn Morshower) gets the former Chief of Staff, Ethan Kanin (Bob Gunton), to assist in retrieving a recording device disk from his old office and gets the phone record evidence necessary to prove Olivia's involvement in Hodges' assassination.President Allison Taylor (Cherry Jones) has her daughter arrested for her transgressions against the law.  She has no other choice, as the leader of the nation.  This tough decision may destroy her family.In the beginning of the day, Special Agent Renee Walker (Annie Wesching), was rather aghast at Jack's brutal methods.  After slowly recognizing that his methods are more effective and expedient than the legal process (and having her boyfriend murdered by Tony Almeida), she crossed a threshold that she never thought she would.In the FBI interrogation room, the man behind it all, Alan Wilson, smugly sits patient, knowing he's untouchable.  He can't be connected to anything.  Actor Will Patton has this touch to playing insidiously evil, cunning men.Renee enters the interrogation room with her gun and the scene fades to black.  We're left making our own assumptions or wishes of what happens next.Kim goes to the hospital where her dad, Jack is dying.  He finally decides it is time to let go and he's in a coma from the medications needed to alleviate the pain.  Despite Jack earlier declining the idea of an experimental stem cell procedure to save his life, Kim decides to go ahead and have the risky procedure. Will it save Jack's life? We'll know for sure when season 8 starts.This Finale Was FunSome say the 24 season 7 finale episode was predictable.  We've seen old and new characters.  Tony was not killed, so maybe we'll see him again?  He can always manage a break out.I've always enjoyed Aaron Pierce and I hope we get to see him again.  We also found ourselves watching the return of Kim Bauer.  I hope that next season, we get to see Kim some more.  Who knows?Some good justice got dispensed by the end of the season: Olivia Taylor paid the piper and Tony Almeida, for all his love torn revenge, failed when only inches from his goal.  What a waste of all his energy, to finally be thwarted within feet of his target (see the pic above).I really enjoyed the hard emotional transition that Renee Walker endured to become the perfect girl for Jack Bauer.  More importantly, she understands Jack on a different level than most.  Jack and Renee had a heart to heart talk about dealing with everything they had to do to get the job done and I felt a connection at a very deep level between the two.I do believe she was stepping over the line as she walked into that interrogation room.  But truly, I jest about "the perfect girl for Jack", because we know jack never really enjoyed anything he had to do. Jack did what he had to, for his country.I had fun with this episode, as many of the story lines were properly tied off and very little was left hanging, though I can't wait to find out what happened with Renee. If she didn't cross the line, I'd love to see her and Jack work together.  The bad guys would be in so much trouble.So does Jack Bauer live through the experimental treatment?  I guess so since we have another season coming at us.  In fact, 24's eighth season debuts Jan. 17, 2010!  But even sooner, you can own the Blu-ray version of season 7, which was released on Tuesday, May 19th.  That's fast.Tidbit:  The 8th season of 24 is described as a real world political situation that takes place in New York approximately 12 to 18 months after the events of season 7. Filming starts in a few weeks.Was it a good finale? Oh yeah.  Was it predictable?  Sort of, but what had me on the edge of my seat was worrying about that which I was expecting to not happen.  Would they twist it up and tick me off?  Or do the same 'ol and bore me?  I wasn't bored wondering.  I had fun.  Did you?  What did you like?  Did anything irk you?  Let us know your thoughts.  We're eager to hear them.Season 8 info source:  Sci-Fi Wire
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
I haven't written about it much, but for me 24 on FOX is a show that is not to be missed. It's consistently the equivalent of an adrenaline injection that will leave you on the edge of your seat. The writers have mastered the art of the cliffhanger... making every episode the equivalent of those weekly serials shown at the movies WAY before you and I were born.A couple of weeks ago it was reported that David Fury, one of the writers of ABC's (also addicting) Lost was going to be moving over to 24. And now (thanks to a video interview over at IESB) I hear that Manny Coto is going to be working on 24 next season as well.For those of you unfamiliar with Coto, he's the guy who almost managed to save Star Trek: Enterprise this season and who was a key writer on the acclaimed Odyssey 5 series.I'm hoping that the quality level can be maintained on 24, but it's going to get tougher for them to top themselves every season. On an episode by episode basis the show is still awesome, but this season is beginning to show some cracks in the armor with the sheer scope of what the villains of the show have been able to accomplish over the course of the season. It's starting to strain credulity, IMO.Still a great show to watch though.
Tags:
24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Wonder Park has a wonderfully touching message about sadness and fear set in a wildly imaginative world, with a still rather unremarkable story.Greta is far more silly than sinister, but is partially saved by Isabelle Huppert's gloriously theatrical performance as the film's titular character.Cold Pursuit makes for an entertaining subversion of Neeson's previous action roles, but the story gets dragged down in its larger ambitions.The Prodigy is an often chilling and disturbing - if not particularly meaningful or impactful - horror movie weighed down its by derivative plot.What Men Want is a solid comedy, in which Taraji P. Henson shines as the star, that also manages to somewhat compellingly explore bias against women.While it has a game cast and offers some fun twists on typical horror-thriller scenarios, Velvet Buzzsaw makes for a relatively hollow satire.Piercing is a stylish exercise in retro horror-thriller filmmaking, but its stabs (no pun intended) at something deeper are mostly ineffective.Glass concludes Shyamalan's superhero movie trilogy in a manner that manages to be absorbing, frustrating, and bewildering at the same time.Escape Room is an entertainingly cheesy and surprisingly innovative B-movie, but suffers when it turns its attention to setting up future sequels.Mortal Engines has some terrific world design and visuals, but its uninspired narrative and ungainly filmmaking make for a hollow viewing experience.Once Upon A Deadpool proves the foul-mouthed anti-hero can work in the confines of PG-13, but it only kind of works as a re-cut version of Deadpool 2.Prodigy﻿ plays with some big ideas and heady themes, but doesn't fully develop all of them as it struggles to truly connect with audiences.The Crimes of Grindelwald has its moments of wonder and delight, but gets bogged down in its efforts to build out the Fantastic Beasts franchise.Outlaw King is buoyed by strong performances, by Chris Pine in particular, but David Mackenzie's swords-and-mud epic is too plodding to be exciting.The Nutcracker and the Four Realms has all the elements of an earnest holiday movie with family-friendly fun, but is less than the sum of its parts.Prospect﻿ deserves credit for its ambitious vision and scope, but Earl and Caldwell's effort is undone by mediocre script and character work.Despite a strong performance by Malek, Bohemian Rhapsody plays out as an excessively sanitized version of Queen's story, rather than a labor of love.Silencio﻿ toys with fascinating ideas and sports some solid performances, but is ultimately dragged down by a mediocre narrative.Goosebumps 2 lacks the charm and inventiveness of its predecessor, but still has a reasonable amount of spoopy entertainment value to offer.
Back in January we told you about the first BSG props and costumes auction that took place, and last weekend, the 2nd Battlestar Galactica Props and Costumes Auction took place.  And lucky for you we had a spy lurking about and snapping some intelligence pics for Screen Rant!  (Here's a shout out to that spy, regular Screen Rant reader "790"!  Thanks bud.)The auction took place at the Pasadena Expo Hall, May 8th through 10th, presented by Propworx.Adama's BunkThe auction had some awesome static props for your eyes to gaze upon and I wish that:A. I was there.B. I had more cash and space for some of these things.It's always good to have a Centurion stand guardAmongst the props was Starbuck's Viper Mark II, a Cylon Raider, the Blackbird Stealth Fighter,  a full size Cylon and a skin job resurrection chamber - just to name a few.Cylon Raider, ready to take up space in your garage!If you were so inclined, the costumes were numerous and affordable.Various hangar deck signs and props.  Anyone need a drone?Aside from the upcoming Battlestar Galactica TV movie titled The Plan, this might be the last time we see these goodies.Lurking above, getting a nice picture of the parked vehicles~Cylon rebirth chamber for those damn dirty ap...  oh, wrong movie.~Starbuck's Viper (photo by 790)~Starbuck's Viper - many a Cylon have been trashed from those guns!~Cool view of Thrace's Viper~Anyone wanna take a spin?~Do you think they drove it there in one piece?~
 



















The Stealth Viper, christened Laura
~
 



















Character autographs on the stealth ship
~
 



















Yea, the dress looks better when being worn, but there ya have it.  Starbucks art also included.
And there ya have it.
Auction administration and 2 of the image sources: BattlestarProps


Tags:
battlestar galactica



















25 Twisted Rick And Morty Facts That Will Surprise Even Longtime Fans




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

~The Stealth Viper, christened Laura~Character autographs on the stealth ship~Yea, the dress looks better when being worn, but there ya have it.  Starbucks art also included.And there ya have it.Auction administration and 2 of the image sources: BattlestarProps
Tags:
battlestar galactica
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With the U.S. release of Dragonball approaching, MTV Splash Page has exclusives that will make die-hard fans cringe. Hints of how adaptation was handled are here, it doesn't look good.Already released in various places around the globe, the marketing team keeps peddling this movie despite the negative press. The last time we checked, we had 5 character-centric TV spots and a name change but this time we get a little closer with actual scenes. Full of cheesy dialog, terrible acting and bad fight scenes, the three clips are excruciating to watch. You have been warned.Goku and Chi Chi don't meet at the World Martial Arts Tournament, but at high school. Awesome.Sans-Turtleshell Roshi explains details to Goku and Bulma. Great.Grandpa Gohan and Goku square off on wires. Fantastic.Anyone planning to see this mockery, just rake your eyes out, it'll be less painful. :PThanks FOX, I can always count on you to ruin childhoods. Between this and Street Fighter, I'd have to guess that you have something against 80's babies. Either that or you just can't adapt source material correctly.Dragonball, sadly, will be released just a few days from now on April 8th.Still looking forward to this? Or are you planning to burn FOX to the ground, too?Source: MTV Splash Page
Tags:
dragonball
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Richard Roundtree, Samuel L. Jackson and Jessie T. Usher marked the beginning of production on the Shaft movie series reboot with an on-set photo. Roundtree, of course, originated the role of Detective John Shaft with Shaft  in 1971 with legendary director Gordon Parks at the helm. The success of the film led Roundtree to reprise the character in two feature films – Shaft’s Big Score! in 1972 and Shaft in Africa in 1974 – and in-between he transitioned to a Shaft TV series that ran for seven episodes in 1973 and 1974 on CBS.Apart from Roundtree's iconic performance as the character, Shaft also secured a place in popular culture thanks to Issac Hayes' funkadelic anthem 'Theme from Shaft,' which not only set the tone for the film series, but won a Best Original Song Oscar at the Academy Awards in 1972. Appropriately, Hayes recorded a new version of the song for a Shaft sequel in 2000, which starred Jackson as Shaft's nephew. That film, despite a relatively successful run (it made $107.1 million at the global box office against a $46 million budget), turned out being a one-and-done deal for Jackson and Roundtree, that is until director Tim Story ( Ride Along) took the reigns on a reboot of the series a year ago.Related: Shaft Reboot Casts Alexandra Shipp as Female LeadFollowing the casting of Usher (who played Will Smith's adult son in Independence Day: Resurgence) as Jackson's estranged son for the film last August, the latest iteration of Shaft (under the working title Son of Shaft) has started production for its June 2019 release. Roundtree, Jackson and Usher celebrated the occasion in a photo Thursday, and they were appropriately accompanied by Hayes' son, Isaac Hayes III. The younger Hayes posted the photo on an official Twitter account dedicated to his late grandfather's legacy. See the photo below:They say that #SHAFT family are some Bad Mutha#%*!as3 Generations. 1 Movie.@The_JessieT @IsaacHayes3 #RichardRoundtree @SamuelLJackson #SonOfShaft pic.twitter.com/3PthKpjHH7— Isaac Hayes (@isaachayes) February 1, 2018 It's great to see Shaft making a comeback after more than a 17-year absence from the big screen. What makes the occasion truly special, though, is that fans are getting three iterations of the character, with the newest Shaft family member bringing a modern spin to the detective series as an FBI computer analyst. The picture, figuratively and literally, though, wouldn't be complete without the involvement of Hayes III, who bears a striking resemblance to his famous father.In an ode to one of the elder Hayes' catchphrases in "Theme from Shaft," the tweet hashtags "bad mutha," but humorously adds a word frequently associated with Jackson's roles to make it "Bad Mutha#%*!as." Hopefully, Hayes' son will tweet more catchphrases from the classic song as the production moves forward, including "Shut your mouth!" and "Can you dig it?" The Shaft film experience simply wouldn't be the same without them.NEXT: The 20 Best Detective Movies of All TimeSource: Isaac Hayes
Tags:
shaft
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind is respectfully restrained to a fault, but its earnest and authentic outlook provides the biopic with a beating heart.The Man Who Killed Hitler and Then the Bigfoot spins a wobbly and idiosyncratic American myth held together by Elliott's quietly moving performance.Dragon Ball Super: Broly's dense mythology isn't necessarily accessible to newcomers, but it delivers dazzling Saiyan action worthy of the big screen.Gina Rodriguez is an empowering, if reluctant hero in Miss Bala, offering a fascinating star turn in Hardwicke's skillfully wrought action thriller.Joe Cornish's The Kid Who Would Be King is a stylish and earnest modern retelling of the King Arthur story that's fun for the whole family.On the Basis of Sex is more compelling as a history lesson than a film, but makes for a relevant dramatization of Ginsburg's experiences all the same.Though it has the makings of a biting satire/biopic, Vice ends up feeling more like the rough draft of a better movie than a fully-realized vision.Bird Box is a respectably moody and intelligent psychological thriller, if also a relatively muddled supernatural horror allegory.The Mule﻿ is a solid, if unremarkable, late-period film from Eastwood that coasts by on the icon's natural star power and charisma.The Quake doesn't break the mold for natural disaster thrillers but, like The Wave, its humanist approach to the genre is refreshing and engaging.Buoyed by the affecting performances from Julia Roberts and Lucas Hedges, Ben is Back makes for a compelling (though uneven) exploration of addiction.Netflix's Dumplin' has an emotionally impactful message of self-acceptance, wrapped in a charming coming-of-age story & steeped in Dolly Parton music.Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle is a darker adaptation of Kipling's stories, with stunning visual feats from director Andy Serkis and an impactful story.Robin Hood modernizes the classic story with some new ideas that don't always work, but the tale of an outlaw hero is buoyed by Taron Egerton's charm.Certain segments are far more engaging than others, but overall The Ballad of Buster Scruggs makes for an intriguing piece of anthology storytelling.The Grinch works as a modernized retelling of Dr. Seuss's classic, with some compelling tweaks to the story and characters for plenty of family fun.Beautiful Boy is well-acted and handles a sensitive topic with the care it deserves, yet ends up being an 'important' film more than a well-made one.Well acted and thoughtfully directed, Boy Erased is a compassionate memoir that nevertheless struggles to leave much of an emotional impact.Monster Party is a violent ride of a home invasion horror movie that puts its own stylistic spin on the genre, but doesn't fully rise above the pack.
We here at Screen Rant wanted to celebrate the upcoming summer movie season – particularly the release of Iron Man 2 – by taking an unconventional look at some of the most iconic superheroes in the entertainment industry.Over the past few months, you may have caught some of our “SR Picks” which highlighted various artists' interpretations of Quentin Tarantino films, Star Wars and popular television series. Today, we're stepping out from solely presenting these wonderful posters and taking the initiative to create some of our own.For the past three nights, I put my need for a good night's sleep aside in order to present you, the reader, with literally dozens of superhero posters with a unique, minimalist twist.Some may be more obvious than others, but hopefully you’ll have no problem identifying each and every comic-book icon represented. If, for some reason, you’re not a fan of the typical comic book hero (Capes & Cowls), I’ve also thrown in some of my favorite off-beat superhero characters from television’s past.I apologize in advance if your favorite superhero is not included, but I’m sure with 30 posters to choose from you’ll have no problem finding something to pique your interest. You can click on the posters below for a larger version of each.[poll id="214"]Without further ado... Enjoy![gallery exclude="56178" columns="2"]There you have it! Screen Rant's first foray into the minimalist poster universe.What did you think of our minimalist superhero posters and which was your favorite? Which superhero would you have liked to see that we might have missed? Would you like to see more of this from us, and if so what other subjects would you like to see get the minimalist treatment? Can you still sing the entire Darkwing Duck theme song?Make sure to comment below. We'd love to hear what you think.Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasio(Special thanks to fellow Screen Rant writers Mike Eisenberg, for planting the minimalist-idea seed, and Paul Young, for getting equally as little sleep as me in order to help me fully realize and develop the idea - as well as designing the wonderful Aquaman, Hawkeye, Punisher and Thing posters.)
Tags:
batman,
iron man,
green lantern,
superman,
x-men,
the flash,
wonder woman,
fantastic four,
spider-man,
green arrow,
aquaman,
captain america,
watchmen,
kick ass,
teenage mutant ninja turtles,
deadpool,
iron fist,
the punisher,
the simpsons,
the wolverine
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
My buds over at ReelzChannel emailed me to let me know that although 30 Days of Night hasn't even opened yet (it comes out in a few days) there's already talk of a sequel. Here's a brief quote from an interview they'll be releasing tomorrow with screenwriter Brian Nelson regarding the possibility of a sequel happening:"I'll just tantalizingly say it is possible you might see more of The Stranger [a main character in the film] in the future."Look for the full interview tomorrow on their site.Source: ReelzChannel (Be warned, there are plot spoilers on that page)
Tags:
30 days of night
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
There is something special about the sitcom 30 Rock. Created by Tina Fey and airing for seven seasons from 2006 until 2013, the show followed the lives of Liz Lemon and her coworkers at a sketch comedy TV show called TGS with Tracy Jordan. Fans still watch the show to this day thanks to its quirky storylines, quick-witted humor, and fast pace. It wasn't a typical sitcom with a cheesy laugh track and Liz wanted more than just to fall in love and get married (although, sure, she wouldn't mind that at all).A TV show is only as great as its characters, and luckily, the 30 Rock characters are truly impressive. They're all super strange... but in an incredible way. Here are the MBTI of the characters on 30 Rock.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewJack McBrayer's 30 Rock character, Kenneth, is a page who gives tours around the TV studio. He's never seen with a frown on his face and seems like he's way too sweet and innocent to really know what's going on. Of course, that's the truth: he comes from a small town in the South and is pretty freaked out by the big city.Since Kenneth's job is to help other people and keep things running smoothly, his MBTI would have to be ISFP or "Versatile Supporter." It's interesting how well this works with Kenneth's personality: as the official description says, "People with ISFP preferences enjoy providing practical help or service to others, as well as holding firm to their values when bringing people together and facilitating and encouraging cooperation." Kenneth is often torn between the strange beliefs he has from his background and becoming a part of the team at this NYC TV studio.Katrina Bowden plays Cerie, the assistant on the sketch comedy show. She's shown as a huge ditz who never wears enough to work, and Liz is constantly worried about the fact that Cerie isn't dressed in what most people would wear to work.RELATED: 30 Rock Revival: Tina Fey Says They Want to Do ‘Something’Cerie would definitely be an ESFP or "Enthusiastic Improvisor." This personality type is extremely social and prefers to be with other people, which is exactly what Cerie is like. She's often seen chatting with the staff on the show and seems like she would rather hang out or go to a party than do her job. ESFPs are described as "playful" and "sociable" and "outgoing." Cerie is never outwardly mean to anyone, but she does tend to insult Liz sometimes because to Cerie, if someone isn't as young as she is, they're already way too old.Jon Hamm plays Liz Lemon's love interest, Drew Baird. He lives in her building and he's a pediatrician, so coupled with his good looks, he seems like the perfect man. Liz is super into him for those reasons... but it soon becomes clear that people let him get away with anything and everything because he's so attractive.Drew's MBTI is ISTJ or "Responsible Realist" because he's realistic about the way that others look at him. He's honestly not that intelligent, but the truth is that he's totally okay with things being the way that they are. He wants to live in his bubble where everyone loves him. ISTJS are said to not love change, and Drew definitely doesn't want anything about his situation to change.Most of the time, the boss on a sitcom has an assistant who has some quirks and sets up meetings or answers the phone. Jonathan is Jack Donaghy's assistant, played by Maulik Pancholy. He's a fairly typical sitcom assistant character as he brings a lot of humor to whatever scene he's in. He's not super quirky, but he's still an important part of the show.RELATED: There's Been Talk of A 30 Rock RevivalJonathan's main personality trait is that he has a big crush on Jack, so he'll do literally anything for him. He's an ISTP or "Logical Pragmatist." He's got all the good traits that an assistant has, from being someone who will "respond quickly" to someone who is "self determined."Jane Krakowski's 30 Rock character, Jenna, is hilarious, obsessed with herself, and totally unaware of how others see her. Her shining moment is when she stars in the movie The Rural Juror and no one can figure out how to pronounce the name of it. She definitely thinks that her role on TGS is more impressive than it actually is, which is part of the joke. But she's a good friend to Liz and a sweet person at her core when all is said and done.RELATED: 15 Things You Never Knew About 30 RockHer MBTI is ESTP or "Enthusiastic Improviser." Like Cerie, Jenna likes to be social, and she also likes being the center of attention. She's "optimistic" and "resourceful." She doesn't like when other people say that her ideas are bad or don't listen to her. She honestly just wants to be taken seriously (and some praise wouldn't hurt, either).Tracy Morgan plays Tracy Jordan, the offbeat star of TGS. Liz is pressured to hire him and made him the focus and star of the show, and while there are many stressful moments because Tracy is so out there, it does seem to work out in its own weird and wonderful way.RELATED: New Tina Fey Comedy Lands Series Commitment at FoxYou never know what you're going to get with Tracy. He's unpredictable and he's not exactly someone with an amazing work ethic. He pretty much does what he wants and has some very strange logic. Tracy's MBTI is ESTJ or "Efficient Organizer." He has a team behind him at all times and really likes it that way. When he wants something, he asks people to get it for him. As the description says, "People with ESTJ preferences drive themselves to reach their goal, organizing people and resources in order to achieve it. They often have an extensive network of contacts and are willing to make tough decisions when necessary."Alec Baldwin's 30 Rock character Jack is beloved because he's your typical boss who cares about money and seems pretty greedy, but he's got a soft spot for Liz, even if he would never admit it.RELATED: '30 Rock' Series Finale ReviewJack's an ESTP or "Energetic Problem-Solver." He often seems like he's just had about ten cups of coffee and like he could be up for days, working and making deals. ESTPs don't like "goals not resulting from efforts" or when they have "commitments." Jack is a funny guy because it seems like he wants to be in a serious relationship in some episodes because he falls fast and hard, but at other times, he's pretty happy-go-lucky.Liz Lemon is an INFJ or "Insightful Visionary." She's the main writer on TGS and works so hard, it's inspiring. As the official description says, "They are typically idealistic as well as imaginative and visionary. They are also sensitive and reserved." That's totally Liz: she's kind, funny, smart, and knows when something is and isn't worth her time.NEXT: Where Are They Now? The Cast Of 30 RockLiz just wants to be happy in both her work and personal life. She wants to find a nice guy but she's also very interested in doing well at her job. INFJs don't like when they can't focus on their regular routine, which describes Liz. She loves going to work (and eating the foods that are part of her work day, too). Liz is a dream of a character and although everyone on 30 Rock is great, Liz is really the heart of it.
Tags:
30 rock
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
On the Tony Awards red carpet, Tina Fey jokingly commented on the possibility of there being a crossover between her former show 30 Rock and Amy Poehler's Parks & Recreation, making fans wonder how that would happen. The two sitcoms ranked among NBC's most acclaimed offerings during their time on the air, picking up a plethora of Emmy nominations and wins (among other accolades). Both recently ended their run, with 30 Rock's Liz Lemon (Fey) and the TGS crew bowing out in 2013, while Parks & Rec viewers bid farewell to Leslie Knope (Poehler) in 2015.Of course, in this era of reboots and revivals, nothing stays finished forever. There's always the possibility these two shows could return. Just a month ago, Poehler remarked that a comeback for Parks & Rec would be "amazing," while there have long been rumblings of a 30 Rock reboot. As it stands now, neither potential project is moving forward, but Fey has some ideas she'd like to see happen.Related: 30 Rock Revival: Tina Fey Says They Want to Do ‘Something’ET caught up with Fey at the 72nd Tony Awards, where she was on hand to support her stage adaptation of Mean Girls (which garnered 12 nominations). Fey admitted the 30 Rock revival is going "nowhere," but then went on to tease a collaboration with Poehler:"Amy's [Poehler] willing to do a Parks & Rec reboot. Maybe we should just do a Liz Lemon, Leslie Knope spinoff."Such a team up would be far from the first time the two actors worked together. The two first made a name for themselves on Saturday Night Live and have appeared opposite each other in movies like Baby Mama and Sisters. As evidenced by their job co-hosting the Golden Globes, Fey and Poehler have excellent chemistry and have the ability to please audiences and critics alike. Their two most popular roles joining forces on a new show would be a highly-anticipated television event for this reason. The biggest challenge in the event this takes place is the question of when it would take place. Parks & Rec ended in the future with a proper cast sendoff, so the writers would have to find their way around that issue.As for how these two shows could come together, there's no shortage of suggestions. One possibility we'd like to see is have TGS revived, but Jack Donaghy sends Liz Lemon on the road with the show to America's heartland for a PR reason. The production could run into a venue crisis in Pawnee and and the Parks & Rec crew are the only ones who can resolve it. However such a crossover worked out, there's little doubt that seeing Leslie Knope and Liz Lemon solve a problem would be highly entertaining.More: 12 Best Episodes of Parks and RecreationSource: ET
Tags:
30 rock,
parks and recreation
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
According to Jack Donaghy himself, NBC's veteran comedy 30 Rock will end after season 6. Alec Baldwin dropped the bomb at a fundraiser last night.30 Rock is wrapping up its fifth season this month. NBC has renewed the show for a sixth season, which is set to begin in fall 2011 and end around the same time next year - which is also when the contracts for the show's stars (including creator Tina Fey) are set to expire.The show had remained consistent until this season. The fifth year saw a dramatic drop in first-time viewership, dropping to an average of 4.4 million viewers. The fourth season averaged almost 6 million.Speaking to an interviewer at the National Dance Institute's fundraiser, Baldwin left little room for interpretation:"I will tell you one thing and that is next year is our last year of the show. Our contracts are expired [in 2012]."He went on to say that Tina Fey had a bright future in writing and directing. Her modern work certainly seems to suggest that: in addition to hundreds of episodes of 30 Rock and Saturday Night Live, Fey wrote the script for the well-received teen dramady Mean Girls in 2004. She's also been expanding into movies like Baby Momma and Date Night.Baldwin isn't without his own drama when it comes to 30 Rock. After an extremely public family squabble in 2007, the actor tried to leave the show to spend time with his daughter. According to Baldwin, NBC refused to release him from his contractual obligations.It's worth noting that Baldwin has had a producer credit on 30 Rock since 2008. While the title is sometimes more of an honorific than an actual job (especially for major actors in long-running series) it's hard to imagine that he doesn't have at least some information on what's going on.The show isn't the only NBC comedy on the rocks. Many doubt the The Office will last more than one season after Steve Carrel's last episode  (not for lack of trying) and the network cancelled Perfect Couples earlier this year.That said, two younger Thursday night shows are doing well. NBC renewed Community and Parks and Recreation along with The Office in March. Freshman comedy Outsourced is still up in the air.No TV show can last forever, and a six-season run is more than most hope for. As a fan of 30 Rock's earlier seasons, I'm pleased to hear that it won't be stretched out long past its shelf life like Friends or Scrubs. The last couple of seasons have seen the show circling familiar themes far too much - how often can they make fun of Liz's single status or Frank's hats before it gets old?But a lot can change in a year. We'll have to wait and see if NBC tries to keep its self-referential staple alive - or not.-30 Rock airs Thursday night @ 10PM on NBC. The hour-long season 5 finale airs on April 21st.Source: Zap2It
Tags:
30 rock
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Last week's episode of 30 Rock could have easily been the series finale with Liz Lemon losing TGS, being married and getting her two newly adopted kids (and Tracy Jordan and Jenna Maroney surrogates) Mike and Janet, not to mention Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) taking over Kabletown and Kenneth Parcell becoming the president of NBC. So what is this one-hour series finale about?It seems only fitting that the series finale of 30 Rock contains a plot point that one more episode of TGS must be made because of a weird clause in Tracy Jordan's contract. After all, this series finale basically feels like the equivalent of Steve Jobs' infamous "one more thing" at Apple events. Tonight's double episode finale of Hogcock! (a combination of poppycock and hogwash) and Last Lunch was about saying goodbye to these characters that we might not have been quite ready to let go, as only the creator and writers of 30 Rock could.In many ways, the writers answered the long standing will-they, won't-they relationship between Jack and Liz, but not the way some probably would have liked. But that's never been what 30 Rock as a series is about (if you can pinpoint it to be about a single thing, that is). 30 Rock has been about love. The love for cutthroat success and conservatism, the love between two quirky nerds, the love between a woman and a cam-a-ra, a comedian and craziness, a small town boy and the magic of TV, a mentor and student, and more. Thankfully, this long seven-season journey has been filled with cartoonish humor, outrageous laughter, and some of the smartest comedy writing television has seen in the last 20 years.Honestly, tonight's finale of 30 Rock was no different than any other episode, and perhaps that's the way it should be. The writers were bickering over something stupid, Jenna was obsessed with keeping her career alive as a superior actress, Tracy was desperate for help in his own crazy way, and Jack and Liz had a problem to solve. The difference this time is that Jack and Liz's biggest problem was about almost letting each other go. In a fight that drives them stubbornly away from each other, we almost find Jack and Liz parting ways for good, simply because they've made each other better people. Jack has more feelings and Liz is more career driven, but when their lives arrive where they thought fulfillment would lie, they blame each other for not being happy.For a show with as much ridiculous humor, non sequiturs and general nonsense as 30 Rock, this finale pulled at the heartstrings and allowed each of the chief characters to have a touching moment in the sun. From Jenna's realization that the show is really over when her mirror is gone and she can't see herself crying to Tracy confronting his abandonment issues as everybody gets ready to leave, the show uses these wacky characters for a heartfelt goodbye that the writers probably had more of a tough time with than we will.In the end, Liz and Jack help each other work through their life issues, and as they move on to the next phase of their lives, they'll continue to help each other. This whole time 30 Rock was about love, friendship and life, as any good TV show should be. It just happened to have a cast of great comedians, phenomenal writing, and a lot of Liz Lemon snacking. And of course, aside from all the feelings and heartfelt farewells, the real goal of this show was to bring laughter, sometimes in a very progressive way in its tackling of various feminine and racial elements of comedy and the entertainment industry, easily the best part about this kind of comedy series.And because the show has been progressive, it seems only fitting that the finale is about saying goodbye, but only as a way of moving on. After the episode seems like it's over (incidentally after the DVR would normally have stopped recording), a quick epilogue shows all of our main characters continuing their career in the cheesiest of sitcom ways: still friends, but with all the problems that arose in the finale happily solved.But the real end comes when the series takes a cue from the infamous NBC series St. Elsewhere by pulling back to reveal all of 30 Rock took place in a snowglobe in Kenneth Parcell's office of the distant future (where he hasn't aged and a Cloud Car from The Empire Strikes Back zooms past) as the "real" Liz Lemon had been pitching this new show that takes place in 30 Rock based on stories her great-grandmother told her. And that's exactly how you'd expect the brilliantly meta and sharp series to come to an end.As Liz Lemon says, "Because the human heart is not properly connected to the human brain, I love you. And I'm gonna miss you." That's my review of the 30 Rock series finale in a nutshell, and it just might be one of the most perfect series finales that I've ever seen. I love it so much that I want to take it out behind the middle school and get it pregnant. (All right, shut it down).[poll id="523"]-30 Rock aired from October 11th, 2006 – January 31st, 2013 on NBC
Tags:
30 rock
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With Warner Bros. anxious to begin production on 300: Battle of Artemisia - and Zack Snyder being too busy rebooting the Superman franchise to oversee the 300 spin-off -  the studio has been on a lookout for a replacement director since the beginning of this year (and before, most likely).Guy Ritchie was briefly eyed as a potential helmer for the new project (which is based on Frank Miller's upcoming Xerxes comic book) before last month, when two other gentlemen were floated as possibilities: Jaume Collet-Serrra (Unknown) and Noam Murro (Smart People).According to Heat Vision, Warner Bros. officials were impressed enough with both filmmakers to go ahead and set Collet-Serra up with its live-action Akira project - while also selecting Murro to handle Battle of Artemisia. An official offer to Murro (which he is expected to accept) will reportedly be made early next week, so look for an update in the near future.For those not in the know, the soon-to-be-published "Xerxes" revolves around the titular character, who served as the primary antagonist in 300. Both the new book from Miller and its cinematic counterpart change things up by featuring the Persian leader as the protagonist of the story instead.Snyder and his 300 co-writer Kurt Johnstad penned the script for the new 300 pic, which chronicles the experiences of Xerxes as he develops a major god complex, in the aftermath of his father's death, and wages war against the Greek warlord Themistocles. That conflict ultimately culminates with the battle of Artemisium (an event that occurred at the same time as the Battle of Thermopylae in 300).Reportedly, the plan is for Murro to shoot Battle of Artemisia in "the same stylized vein as Snyder did with '300'," which admittedly does make him a bit of an odd choice for director. Snyder's hyper-realistic filmmaking style has been imitated (some would say aped or ripped off) in many an action-oriented blockbuster released over the past four years - including, perhaps most clearly, in the upcoming swords and sandals Greek epic, Immortals. However, Murro's sole previous directorial effort was a low-budget, character-driven indie film, so it's near impossible to say whether or not he's up to the challenge of making Snyder's now-familiar aesthetic feel fresh or innovative (like Tarsem Singh appears to have done, to a degree, with Immortals).On the other hand: Battle of Artemisia is an actual part of the 300 franchise, so moviegoers will likely be more accepting if Murro merely retains the visual style of Snyder's film - and instead goes the standard sequel/prequel/spin-off route of attempting to garner people's interest by making everything (the battles, deaths, drama, etc.) bigger and shinier than it was in 300. Heck, Frank Miller all but admitted before that was the same idea behind his Xerxes comic book even!-We'll keep you posted on the status of 300: Battle of Artemisia as more information is released.Source: THR
Tags:
300,
xerxes
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Revered graphic novelist Frank Miller (Sin City) spoke to the L.A. Times this week about Xerxes - the prequel to his comic book-turned-movie hit 300 and a project which director Zack Snyder is already interested in adapting into a movie.Xerxes will be released in six parts next year by publisher Dark Horse Comics (Hellboy), and will focus on the history of its titular character (played by Rodrigo Santoro in the film 300), the leader of the Persian empire whose army clashed with King Leonidas (Gerard Butler) and his Spartan warriors during the Battle of Thermopylae - the focus of Miller's original 300 comic book and Snyder's highly-stylized film adaptation.According to Miller, Xerxes will dwarf 300 in terms of sheer epic scale - or, as he put it:"This is a more complex story.  The story is so much larger.  The Spartans in '300' were being enclosed by the page as the world got smaller.  This story has truly vast subjects.  The Athenian naval fleet, for instance, is a massive artistic undertaking and it [sic] dwarfed by the Persian fleet, which is also shown in this story.  The story has elements of espionage, too, and it's a sweeping tale with gods and warriors."Miller went on later to describe Xerxes himself as "a megalomaniac [who] takes everything as a sign of his godhood." As you'll see in the image from the Xerxes comic book below, the character's god complex very much manifests itself in his extravagant, gold accessory-laced appearance and grandiose demeanor - at least in Miller's tale, that is.For more information from Miller about the 300 prequel comic book, the acclaimed graphic novelist's feelings about working in the film medium again, and the political controversy that broke out following the release of the movie 300, you should read the entire L.A. Times article yourself.The biggest concern for moviegoers at this point is whether or not 300 director Zack Snyder is interested in adapting Xerxes for the big screen.  If so, it would be the third time the filmmaker has tackled the comic book genre and the first time since last year's semi-hit, Watchmen.Snyder and 300 producer Thomas Tull have reportedly been given access to some completed pages from Miller's Xerxes, with the early consensus being positive.  As Snyder himself - who is currently at work on his own original project, Sucker Punch - simply put it:"If the book is awesome and compelling then yes, we're interested."300 was undeniably a box office hit back in 2007 when it grossed over $456 million worldwide.  While critics were mixed in their reaction, fans generally adored the film's glorification of violence, its stunning visual effects, and the unabashed over-the-top nature of the movie, from the production design to Butler's now-legendary hammy performance as the constantly yelling Leonidas.  The notion that the prequel will be brought to the big screen - probably in 3D - with or without Snyder's involvement seems pretty likely for now.What do you think?  Will you be picking up a copy of the first issue of Xerxes when it comes out next year?  Does a prequel to 300 sound like a good idea?  Sound off in the comments section below.Source: L.A. Times (via /Film)
Tags:
300
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
After the success of Zack Snyder's epic rated-R action flick, 300, the question became "When can they do a follow-up and how can they make a story to build off of the success of the first?"As we know, our Spartan heroes all meet their doom at the end with the exception of the narrator Dilios played by David Wenham. This would mean that in order to bring back Gerard Butler's King of bad-ass and internet parodies, Leonidas, it would either have to be a prequel or include flashbacks to earlier battles with him involved. The first movie was about Dilios telling the story of Leonidas and his 300 men, so perhaps the next installment could do the same.Since Butler is the poster-boy of the 300, he'd have to come back and fortunately for us fans, Butler is interested in the 300 prequel as is writer/artist Frank Miller, producer Marc Canton and director Zack Snyder. The good news it that Miller has now completed the story for the prequel and has given it a name...According to LA Times' Hero Complex blog, Frank Miller revealed that he's finished the plot for the film and has started the artwork. The title of the project is now Xerxes, the name of the super-tall "god-king" played by Rodrigo Santoro in 300.“It’s the battle of Marathon through my lens. I’ve finished the plot and I’m getting started on the artwork.”Just over a year ago at a Warner Bros. presentation for Watchmen, Zack Snyder revealed that the next movie would take place “between the Battle of Thermopylae and the Battle of Plataea.” I'm curious how they'll work Xerxes into another story of the Spartans we know and love from the first flick.What's great to hear is that - like the first movie - it is being made as a complete graphic novel first. When Miller was still working on the story a while back, Snyder said he'd have no hand in the graphic novel and only when it was finished would they look at it to make a screenplay. Snyder has said all along that he'd only make another if there was another graphic novel first and I respect what he's doing.I hope that Miller's new book is good enough for Snyder and the studio to make another great movie out of and that they can bring back the cast members from 300. There was a ton of time spent having the actors go through a rigorous workout, but for the money the film banked, it was worth it.What do you think of Xerxes and the story being about the Battle of Marathon?Source: Hero Complex
Tags:
300,
xerxes
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 300: Rise of an Empire story follows Athenian general Themistocles (Sullivan Stapleton) in the Battle of Artemisium - while interweaving with the events of 300 (i.e., the Battle of Thermopylae). During the first attempted invasion of Greece by the Persian empire, Themistocles and his army successfully defend the Greek shoreline in the Battle of Marathon - mortally wounding King Darius I (Yigal Naor), father of Xerxes (Rodrigo Santoro) and mentor to the ruthless Artemisia (Eva Greene).As the king is dying, Artemisia formulates a plan to seek revenge on the Greeks by turning the naive (and cowardly) Prince Xerxes into a God-like figure for the Persian Empire to rally behind. Ten years later, Xerxes return with a devastating invasion force - engaging King Leonidas and his Spartan warriors on land at the Hot Gates, while Artemisia battles Themistocles and the Greek navy at sea. Like the 300, Themistocles is gravely outnumbered - forced to rely on cunning and the strength of a unified Greece if he hopes to once again defend his homeland and drive back the invading Persians.300: Rise of an Empire arrives eight years after Zack Snyder's original 300 wowed audiences with slick slow-motion fight sequences, an illustrative visual aesthetic, and an intriguing fantasy tale variation on the real-life Battle of Thermopylae. Snyder returns as executive producer but handed directorial duties over to Noam Murro (Smart People), who does his best to imitate the 300 formula but falls short of doing anything new or particularly memorable in the process. In general, it's an adequate follow-up, packed with action, machismo, over-the-top violence, and fantastic twists on actual events - but nearly every single element is slightly inferior to Snyder's original vision and execution. Fans of the original will, likely, enjoy returning to Frank Miller's exaggerated version of Greek history; yet, 300: Rise of an Empire doesn't offer the same cross-genre appeal as its predecessor.The main plot is serviceable, jumping in and out of scenes previously seen in 300 to help flesh out the larger war with Xerxes, as well as the backstories of Artemisia and Themistocles. Familiar supporting characters -  like Queen Gorgo (Lena Headey) and Dilios (David Wenham) - return to connect Rise of an Empire to the prior installment, but viewers shouldn't expect to spend a lot of time with the Spartans, as the sequel is tightly centered on the conflict between Artemisia and Themistocles.Frank Miller, Kurt Johnstad and Snyder serve as screenwriters and craft another epic revision of a Greek history, with all the same romanticized ideas about honor, freedom, and beautiful deaths  - albeit with a bit less depth. Those who criticized the original 300 for being style over substance will find the ratio of visual spectacle to thought-provoking storytelling is significantly wider than before - providing an equal amount of over-the-top action but even less character development and thematic synergy.Themistocles is a passable leading man but lacks the same gravity (and quotable lines) as his Spartan predecessor. Where Leonidas was a brash but sympathetic warrior, Themistocles is much more calculating and remorseful - making him interesting and heroic but not quite as engaging to watch on screen. Still, Stapleton is strong in the role, conveying the reasonability (and desperation) that Themistocles feels - while also shining in exciting (and bloody) fight choreography.However, Artemisia is, without question, the film's most compelling addition - especially with Green in the part. Despite an over-complicated backstory and an obsessive search for a warrior that is truly worthy of a fight, the character reflects what's great about 300 - taking larger-than-life historical figures, setting them in a heightened series of real events, while making them relatable and enthralling in a modern movie experience (in spite of the twenty-five hundred years in between). Green commits to the role entirely, presenting a layered villainess whose tongue is just as quick as her sword - capable of fighting toe-to-toe with brawny greek warriors while also manipulating powerful Persian commanders into doing her bidding.Unfortunately, the supporting cast is much less defined. Returning faces are a welcome bonus but every single one of Themistocles' warriors falls into a familiar trope (some of which were already explored in 300): a son that must earn his father's respect on the front lines, and a generic second-in-command that spends more time as a sounding board for Themistocles than he does actually fighting,etc... The origin of Xerxes adds a few extra layers to Rodrigo Santoro's God-king, but Rise of an Empire, much like 300, once again shoves the character - and the Persian war machine - into the background to spotlight the battle at hand (not to mention leave ample room for another sequel).In fact, the action is glued almost exclusively to Themistocles, aside from shots of nondescript greeks as they clash with featureless persians. And, while the fights are more violent than ever, they're a slight step down overall. The main battle sequences include set pieces that should get a reaction out of fans, but Rise of an Empire's overall approach lacks the innovation and flair of Snyder's original. The naval combat is a smart change of pace that allows for some fresh ideas, but once swords hit shields in close combat, it's clear that Murro was struggling to find his own style while also including elements that returning moviegoers would expect from a 300 sequel (bloody slow-motion fighting, for example). Moment to moment it's all entertaining enough - Rise of an Empire just fails to evolve the story or sword-and-sandles brawling in any meaningful way.300: Rise of an Empire is also playing in 3D and IMAX 3D; given the visual aesthetic of the film, both formats are worthwhile upgrades. Frugal moviegoers could compromise and skip the IMAX price hike (not the 3D) but the improved sound and screen space will be rewarding for anyone that is willing to spend the extra cash.It may not court casual moviegoers as easily as its predecessor, but Murro succeeds at delivering a 300 sequel that fans will enjoy watching. Buoyed by a captivating performance from Eva Green and an adequate replacement for Gerard Butler in Sullivan Stapleton, it's still interesting (and exciting) to explore Frank Miller's retelling of the Greco-Persian war. Nevertheless, much like the real Battle of Artemisium - which often takes a backseat in history books to the Battle of Thermopylae - it's hard to imagine that Rise of an Empire will ever step out of 300's lofty shadow.If you’re still on the fence about 300: Rise of an Empire, check out the trailer below:-[poll id="771"]___300: Rise of an Empire runs 102 minutes and is Rated R for strong sustained sequences of stylized bloody violence throughout, a sex scene, nudity and some language. Now playing in 2D, 3D, and IMAX 3D theaters.Let us know what you thought of the film in the comment section below. If you’ve seen the movie and want to discuss details about the film without worrying about spoiling it for those who haven’t seen it, please head over to our 300: Rise of an Empire Spoilers Discussion.For an in-depth discussion of the film by the Screen Rant editors check out our 300: Rise of an Empire episode of the SR Underground podcast.Follow me on Twitter @benkendrick for future reviews, as well as movie, TV, and gaming news.
Tags:
300,
300: Rise of an Empire
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
I feel like outside of a very narrow fanboy / comic book geek zone that the upcoming movie 300 has been flying under the radar. From what I've seen so far, every guy on the planet needs to know about this film. As a matter of fact I was stunned to discover this is the first I've posted about this film!Now to tell you the truth, outside of the trailer, I don't know much about this. It's based on a Frank Miller story, Miller being the guy who redefined Batman with his Dark Knight rendition of Bats... a gritty, nastier, more "real" incarnation of Batman than we'd seen before.Well there's a new trailer out (thanks to SuperHeroHype for the heads up) that makes Braveheart look like a kindergarten story. I can picture Tim Allen back in his Home Improvement TV show days narrating this thing with a bunch of gutteral noises...If you see an image below, click on it to start the trailer, otherwise just hit the "Play" button:If you're a guy and that doesn't get your juices flowing, then you have issues that are beyond the scope of this website to handle. :-) 300 opens March 9th, 2007.If you want to see the trailer in other formats, or learn more about the film go to the page at Yahoo! Movies.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Jessica Chastain assembles her team in the first look photo for all-female spy thriller 355. The film is based on an idea that Chastain came up with and has X-Men series writer/producer Simon Kinberg attached to direct. Smash creator Theresa Rebeck is set to write the script for the movie, which gets its title from the code name for a real life female spy in the American Revolutionary War.355 is drawing comparisons to Mission: Impossible and Charlie's Angels and like those properties, the film is designed to kickoff a franchise in the event it becomes a commercial success. Chastain and Kinberg put together a top notch international cast that includes Lupita Nyong'o, Penélope Cruz, Bingbing Fan, and Marion Cotillard before bringing 355 to this year's Cannes Film Festival. The movie was unsurprisingly quick to land a big international deal at the festival ahead of its official presentation this morning (at the time of writing).According to Vanity Fair's Rebecca Keegan, Chastain (speaking at the 355 presentation) said that the idea for the film came from a conversation she had with her agent at last year's Cannes, concerning the lack of action movies led by women. 355 doesn't have a script yet, but is seeking global distributors at this year's Cannes and has already reached a deal with FilmNation Entertainment and CAA Media Finance Group in France. A first look photo of the 355 cast has now been released online and posted to social media by the movie's stars, Nyong'o included (see the tweet embedded below).Top secret no more. Mission Accepted! #355Movie #电影355 #CannesYouHandleUs pic.twitter.com/W2MoZK1q6v355 revolves around a team of international secret agents that must work together, in order to stop a sinister crime organization from acquiring and using a deadly weapon. Nyong'o likened her character in the film to tech guru Q from the James Bond movies and discussed what drew her to the role in the first place:“I have never seen an African woman intelligence agent. To me that was important because I know they exist. What she uses to her advantage is [people] underestimating her.”Kinberg and Chastain will re-team for X-Men: Dark Phoenix reshoots later this year, but could begin filming 355 by either late 2018 or early 2019. The project is one of the hotter prospects at Cannes and should have little trouble lining up distributors at the festival. Financing shouldn't be a problem either, meaning it might not be too long before 355 is officially fast-tracked and given a release date target in either 2019 or 2020 (assuming there aren't any schedule issues that hold things up).Far from being a stranger to the movie world of spies and secret agents, Kinberg previously wrote the franchise sequel xXx: State of the Union, as well as the action/comedies Mr. and Mrs. Smith and This Means War. He's making his directing debut with Dark Phoenix, so audiences will have to wait until next year to find out if he's adept calling the shots behind the camera. Chastain clearly thinks highly of Kinberg as a director, so that bodes well for 355 and suggests it may yet prove to be the terrific all-female spy adventure that everyone is hoping for here.MORE: What is Going On With the X-Men Movies?More on 355 as the story develops.Source: Lupita Nyong'o, Rebecca Keegan
Tags:
355
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
39 Days to Mars, the first game by publisher and developer It's Anecdotal, is a uniquely whimsical puzzle-adventure game that sets players in the 19th century. If the title of the game wasn't clear, the overall goal of 39 Days to Mars is for players to board a steam-powered ship and head off to Mars. There's a catch with this game, however, as it's built from the ground up to encourage local cooperative play to solve various puzzles as main characters Sir Albert Wickes and Clarence Baxter make their way to Mars. This is a system that adds to the game's odd charm, but it's short length may have players wishing for more.39 Days to Mars begins on Earth, tasking players with solving various puzzles like constructing a map and using elaborate fishing tactics to grab keys. It's all a nice prelude for what to expect once the actual adventure begins. To solve these various puzzles, players must work together, each controlling a cursor or character to complete challenges. If you and your friend or family member aren't totally synchronized, failure is assured. Of course, there is a single-player option but controlling both cursors at once on an Xbox controller can be a confusing endeavor. It's clear that the best way to play 39 Days to Mars is with someone else.Related: The Book Of Unwritten Tales II Review: Doesn't Use Switch's Unique FeaturesThe puzzles in 39 Days to Mars are quite ingenious in their execution and no two challenges are exactly alike. Well, other than making Albert and Clarence different levels of hot tea between puzzles. It's good to know that, even with the ship potentially falling apart, there's still time for a cup of tea between friends. It's this kind of charm that makes 39 Days to Mars such a worthwhile adventure, along with the game's challenging but fun cooperative gameplay mechanics. Plus, there's even a boss battle toward the end with a giant space squid that, while slightly repetitive, is probably the game's best use of cooperative mechanics, requiring one player to tether the other to a rope so they can fight its legs with an umbrella.It's just too bad that none of it lasts very long. Even two novices with no grasp of 39 Days to Mars' mechanics or what it has to offer could probably complete the game in just a couple short hours. More professional players could easily complete it in under an hour. This is perhaps the biggest disappointment of the game, leaving more frugal players wondering if the $15 price tag is really worth it. Sure, there is something of replay value, as players can try to complete puzzles faster and more efficiently or try their hand at beating it alone.If you're looking for a game to play at home with loved ones in a unique setting populated by two charming Englishmen protagonists, 39 Days to Mars is definitely the right choice for you. Looking past its shortcomings in the length department, players will be able to happily lose themselves in the Victorian era adventure of taking a steam ship to Mars. It helps that the game, while nothing overly special graphically, is at least nice to look at and the musical tones that accompany each part are as whimsical as almost every other aspect of the adventure. Plus, It's Anecdotal is a company with one developer in Philip Buchanan, so the fact that 39 Days to Mars is complex or fun at all is a great sign of the passion that was put into the game.More: How to Get Shiny Meltan In Pokémon GO39 Days to Mars is available now on Steam, Nintendo Switch and Xbox One for $14.99. An Xbox One copy was provided to Screen Rant for the purposes of this review.
Tags:
39 days to mars
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A full trailer for 3Below - the next installment in Guillermo del Toro's Tales of Arcadia from DreamWorks Animation Television - dropped today ahead of its Netflix release next week. The animated series is a sequel of sorts to Trollhunters, focusing on new characters but still set within the town of Arcadia Oaks. Both 3Below and Trollhunters are part of the wider Tales of Arcadia trilogy, with a future series, Wizards, planned as the final installment.Each series in Tales of Arcadia is set in Arcadia Oaks and centers on the strange, supernatural things that happen there. The first series, Trollhunters, follows high school student, Jim, as he discovers a secret world of trolls hidden below the surface and becomes the first human Trollhunter. As the Trollhunter, Jim - along with his friends, Toby and Claire - must safeguard Arcadia Oaks against those trolls who wish to destroy the human world. The series was a big hit, and even before the final season aired, the two follow-up series were announced.Related: Netflix Announces Original Anime Aggretsuko Christmas Special3Below follows three aliens - two displaced royals, Prince Krel Arikidion and Princess Aja Arikidion, and their bodyguard, Commander Varvatos Vex - who flee their home planet after its taken over by an evil dictator. Crash-landing in Arcadia Oaks, the three do their best to blend in among the humans while they fix their spaceship so they can one day return home. Check out the full trailer, poster, as well as new images, below:Both Krel and Aja were actually first introduced during the final season of Trollhunters, appearing as a couple of odd classmates to Jim, Toby, and Claire. Judging by the trailer, 3Below will first rewind the story in order to explain how it is they came to Arcadia Oaks. The series will also include crossover episodes that will bridge the events of 3Below and Trollhunters season 3, and will see the return of Jim, Toby, Claire, and other characters from Trollhunters.Trollhunters wove together magic and medieval imagery - not to mention Del Toro's imagination with the computer animation of DreamWorks - into an a wildly original adventure that was full of humor, friendship, and important lessons. 3Below appears to be more sci-fi than fantasy, swapping out the sorcery for science, but being from the same creative team, it's sure to be just as heartfelt and funny of a series. And there will likely be lessons for both Krel and Aja to learn as they adjust to life on Earth and learn how to become stronger, more effective leaders for when they return home to reclaim their throne.Lending their voices to the new characters of 3Below are Diego Luna (Rogue One, Narcos) and Tatiana Maslany (Orphan Black) as Krel and Aja; Nick Offerman (Parks and Recreation) as Vex; Glenn Close (The Wife) as the Mothership, Cheryl Hines (Curb Your Enthusiasm) as Mom, and Tom Kenny (Sponge Bob SquarePants) as Dad. 3Below season 1 will have 13 episodes, including the crossover episodes with Trollhunters, all of which will be available on Netflix the day of release.Next: Trollhunters Comes To An End, But Tales Of Arcadia Is Only Beginning3Below season 1 releases Friday, December 21st on Netflix.Source: Netflix
Tags:
3below
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
When I was a child I got this new toy for Christmas: A fireman’s hat with a rotating red light on top of it that made siren noises. I loved that hat... It was new, shiny, and all sorts of awesome. The problem was that I would wear it everywhere: School, church, friends' houses, the mall, outside to play, etc. It didn’t take long for it to become old, tired and broken.I’m starting to feel the same way about Hollywood and its newest toy: 3D technology.We have no one to blame but ourselves, really. Maybe if audiences hadn’t made Avatar the highest grossing film of all time, then Hollywood studios wouldn’t be mortgaging their mother’s heirloom jewelry to convert their films into 3D.Recently a couple of studios made announcements that three big upcoming films would be converted to 3D - which at this point seems sort of obvious. Why don’t they just hold off and tell us when something ISN’T going to be in 3D; like say, Battleship?Now Fox is releasing the Alien prequel and Warner Bros. is releasing Sucker Punch and the Green Lantern films all converted to 3D in post-production. And people, there is a difference in quality between CONVERTED 3D and SHOT IN 3D. Don't believe me? Alexander Murphy at Gizmodo recently wrote an article explaining the difference between "Released in 3D" and "Filmed in 3D". Here is a quick excerpt but check out the rest of interesting article HERE."The process of making a movie 3D after it was shot is a complicated and time consuming process but can be somewhat convincing. The problem is it will never reflect the same results as if you were filming using two cameras, simultaneously, from slightly different perspectives. Endless rotoscoping provides layers that can be separated to fake a different perspective for the second eye, but that's what it looks like, layers. So yes, you can push things away and pull things forward and enhance the depth, but the content within each layer has no depth."Alex makes a good point, one which I agreed with in my Alice in Wonderland review. I absolutely did not care for how the post-3D conversion turned out. Avatar on the other hand, which Cameron planned for and shot using 3D cameras, was beautiful to look at. That’s really the only way to make this technology work properly in the final product.  I wish Hollywood would figure out that converting a 2D film to 3D is like Ted Turner converting a black and white film to color - something about it just seems… off.What’s even funnier is the blatant money grab Hollywood is making right now which they have no shame in hiding. There were several 3D movies released before Avatar that didn’t fare so well in theaters - yet Hollywood didn’t jump on the bandwagon with both feet until after Avatar became the highest grossing movie of all time. Where were they with the 3D announcements for major tent pole releases after Journey to the Center of the Earth or The Final Destination? I don’t remember all the studios clamoring to throw money at 3D after Chicken Little, Up, Polar Express and A Christmas Carol hit theaters.So if most of the 3D films before Avatar were mildly to less than successful, why are studios clamoring to push their next big films out to theaters using the technology? Let's look at a few statistics about 3D movies and theater screens you may not have known:There were 20 films released in 3D in 2009 but only 8 in 2008.The number of 3D capable screens across the US and Canada jumped up from 1,514 to 3,548 in one year. Overseas that number increased even more - from 1,029 to 5,441!3D movies made up less that 4% of the total films released last year but accounted for 11% of all gross receipts.The president of the MPAA (Bob Pisano) said the following, "Whenever screens are converted or built in 3D the public. seems to be embracing it.”Out of all the 3D films that have been released to date, only Up and Avatar can really be considered financial successes. Also, Avatar was the only film in shot in 3D using live actors successfully (Tron is another, but that won't be released until this December); all the rest were 3D animated films and those look better converted because the depth of the objects can be manipulated more easily, and they exist in 3D form in the computer. I don't consider Beowulf and A Christmas Carol using 3D motion capture to be the same as shooting live actors in 3D.Some 3D films, like Journey to the Center of the Earth, My Bloody Valentine and The Final Destination, where filmed in Stereoscopic 3D - meaning two cameras are positioned together on the same stand roughly the same distance apart as a set of human eyes. The cameras film an object at very similar but slightly different angles, much like your eyes see the world, and then are layered over each other using a computer program to produced one image. Those films looked considerably better than the post-conversion process studios are employing now (Cameron's Avatar also used Stereoscopic 3D, but a far more technologically advanced camera/computer system).So if 90% of all 3D films before Avatar weren’t successful, either financially or critically, then why are we hearing about a new film getting the 3D conversion treatment every couple of days? Why are studios wetting their pants with excitement over converting films to 3D so quickly just because one film made boat loads of money?
Tags:
green lantern,
clash of the titans,
zombieland,
toy story 3,
underworld,
sucker punch,
transformers 3,
alien,
resident evil 4,
the blob,
avatar 2,
piranha 3d,
saw 3d
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
3D hasn't just been tapping on the glass of the future - it's banging metal gauntlets on the living room windows of everyone. With James Cameron's Avatar making its long-awaited debut next week, and the many movies over the last year that have made their 3D leap from big screen to smaller screen, the fundamental experience of 3D continues to make its march into your homes.A company called Optoma has just announced the release of the HD66, the company's first-ever 3D-ready HD home theater projector. This is the first product that's being pitched as the perfect solution not only for 3-D home entertainment, but also specifically for gaming use.Folks, the doorbell is thundering.What's often been the anchor that prevents the average home entertainment-phile from moving into the projector swimming pool is the price point for projectors. Options, depending on resolutions, available contrast settings and more in the past meant spending $2,500 to $8,000 for a higher-end product. Optoma is leading the way to true 3D home theater and gaming satisfaction with a 5-pound device, that features a 4000:1 contrast ratio for only $699.If you've ever thought about "having a larger television" and have wanted not only to get the best bang for your buck, but also the LARGEST SCREEN for your buck, Optoma is providing a true and literal game-changer now.Are you interested in the prospect of having a projector as the newest addition to your home theater/living room? Discuss below!Source: OptomaSubscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Website Dorkshelf is running an exclusive claiming they have it from a "reliable" (though uncredited) source that footage from James Cameron's 3D sci-fi epic Avatar will be screened at this year's San Diego Comic-Con. And not only will the Avatar footage be shown, according to Dorkshelf, but preparations are being made to show it in full "photorealistic" 3D, just as Cameron intended!Rumor is that the Avatar footage will be screened during the film's hour-long Comic-Con panel on July 23rd, which will feature appearances from Avatar stars Zoe Saldana and Sigourney Weaver, as well as Cameron himself. The location of the panel will be the H hall at the San Diego Convention Center, which is allegedly being converted into a 3D movie theater for the event.If this news pans out, I know where I'll be the moment that panel starts: in a prime seat with my 3D glasses in hand.Bloggers around the 'sphere have all been speculating that there would be a sneak peek at Avatar during Comic-Con this year - especially when Comic-Con banners featuring Avatar started appearing in and around San Diego last week. It certainly would be prudent for Fox and Cameron to make a HUGE splash at Comic-Con, as Avatar has had little to no exposure to anybody but we, the movie-geek nation.However, I suspect that whenever this photorealistic 3D technology starts wowing crowds, word about Avatar will spread overnight.Avatar hits theaters on December 18, 2009. Comic-Con will take place on July 23-26, 2009.Source: Dorkshelf
Tags:
avatar,
Comic-Con
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Attention all fanboys! If you were thinking of scoring four-day + preview night passes for San Diego Comic-Con 2010, think again. According to Collider, the four-day + preview night passes are already sold out. Let me repeat that again in bold: the four-day + preview night passes are already sold out.You heard it right. Even though there are still more than 280 days until Comic-Con 2010, organizers are already selling out of tickets. It's kind of amazing when you sit down and think about it. I mean, Comic-Con 2009 ended less than three months ago! Most people haven't even planned their costumes yet, let alone bought tickets.As of this moment, the regular 4-day passes are still available but don't expect them to last.What gives? Well, According to Collider, one of the reasons for the faster than usual sell-out is the fact that organizers are trying to cut down on the crowds that plagued this past year's event. Whatever the reason may be, don't miss out on your chance to get tickets to Comic-Con 2010. Click here to buy your tickets today.Source: Collider
Tags:
Comic-Con
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Four Sniper Elite projects are officially in development, including the next installment in the series and a remastered edition of Sniper Elite V2. It's been two years since the release of Rebellion's Sniper Elite 4, which launched in February of 2017 for PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. Set in North Africa during World War II, the tactical third-person shooter focuses on Karl Fairburne's mission to assassinate a Nazi general. Games in the Sniper Elite series are known for featuring large maps that allow the player to take full advantage of the range of a sniper rifle. While the single-player experience is an important element in the Sniper Elite franchise, each game also comes with several multiplayer modes, where players can either work together or shoot it out.Related: Left 4 Dead Devs Making New Co-Op Zombie Game Back 4 BloodDuring a development update that took place yesterday, Rebellion confirmed that four Sniper Elite projects are currently in the works: Sniper Elite V2 Remastered, Sniper Elite 3 Ultimate Edition for the Nintendo Switch, a standalone Sniper Elite game for VR devices, and the next major installment in the franchise, which would presumably be the highly anticipated Sniper Elite 5. Sniper Elite V2 Remastered will give the second game in the series updated visuals, and several other new features, including new playable characters, 4K resolution, and expanded online multiplayer for 16 players. The game will release on the PC, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and the Nintendo Switch. The Nintendo Switch port of Sniper Elite 3 will include all of the DLC from the original release. Most importantly however, it will come with a few exclusive features. Thanks to the Switch's built-in capabilities, motion controls will be implemented in the gameplay. Local multiplayer will also be included. Both Sniper Elite V2 Remastered and Sniper Elite 3 Ultimate Edition will release some time in 2019, and will be the first Sniper Elite games ever released for a Nintendo console.The next installment, on the other hand, won't launch until at least 2020, since Rebellion has said that it won't even be discussed until next year. According to Rebellion, it's still in the earliest stages. The confirmation that Sniper Elite 5 is in development isn't at all surprising, considering that Sniper Elite 4 was twice as successful as the previous game.While the wait for news on Sniper Elite 5 may be longer than some hoped, the announcement of Sniper Elite V2 Remastered may be a welcome treat to longtime fans of the series. When it was first released in 2012, it received criticism for outdated graphics and praise for its gameplay mechanics. In fact, Sniper Elite V2 is actually favored by some fans who prefer its smaller maps to the massive maps included in Sniper Elite 3 and Sniper Elite 4, despite that its visuals are not on par with the other two games. The remastered edition could fix this problem.More: Battlefield V Firestorm Is Finally Arriving On March 25Source: RebellionSubscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In the wake of Activision Blizzard's announcement of sweeping layoffs to around 800 employees, there's even more uncertainty in Blizzard's office in Versailles, France. The 400 people who currently work there are currently waiting for news about whether they still have jobs, and because of French labor laws, they might have to wait several months before they find out if they're going to continue to be employed.Activision Blizzard made headlines earlier this week when company CEO Bobby Kotick informed investors that the company had "once again achieved record results in 2018" before then announcing the company would be eliminating roughly 8% of its staff. The company said it would axe mainly non-game-development departments in a cost-cutting measure because some of the teams had swelled beyond what the company currently needed, despite Activision Blizzard becoming more profitable than ever. The company made $2.4 billion in revenue in 2018, and just hired a new CFO while giving him a $15 million signing bonus.Related: Activision Blizzard Hit With Multiple Class Action Lawsuits Over Bungie SplitAccording to a report from Kotaku, in the wake of that devastating news, Blizzard's Versailles-based office informed its staff on Wednesday that 134 of its 400 positions would be "eliminated." For context, that would be a staggering 33.5% of employees losing their positions, more than a third of the French office's entire staff.Removing those roles might not mean that the employees are out of jobs, however. There's a chance that some of the 134 employees who will be affected will be shuttled into different roles in the company. Apparently, though, rumors among those currently employed in Versailles suggest that they may be asked to take positions based in Blizzard's other European offices in Ireland or Netherlands. Obviously, moving to a new country to keep a job is not a luxury everyone can afford, so there's still concern even if most of the people who lose their current positions are offered replacements.French labor laws make it hard for companies to lay people off immediately and without prior notification, so Blizzard's Versailles office is currently in limbo while watching their Irvine, California co-workers lose their jobs. Blizzard's Versailles office handles a number of different roles in Europe, including esports, a department that was affected heavily by the layoffs in North America. While being able to prepare for potential layoffs is a boon to the staff in Versailles, it's still an incredibly stressful time for employees who now have to decide how to proceed.Our best wishes go out to all those affected by the latest round of layoffs in an industry that, despite being primarily about fun and entertainment, can be exceedingly cruel.More: Overwatch Developer Blizzard Axes Heroes of the Storm eSportsSource: Kotaku
Tags:
blizzard
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The CW is developing a reboot of USA Network's cult sci-fi drama series The 4400, which ran for 4 seasons and 44 episodes from 2004 to 2007. In the current age of TV reboots and revivals, it seems everything old is truly becoming new again, as long as said old thing had a loyal audience. Viewers have seen revivals of The X-Files, Roseanne, and Full House, as well as reboots of Magnum P.I., Charmed, and MacGyver, just to name a select few. Not all have been successful, but enough have to warrant the trend.Still on the horizon are reboots of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, The Twilight Zone, Bewitched, Designing Women, and ALF, so it's going to be a long time before the flood of TV reboots and revivals abates. Just recently, Frasier star Kelsey Grammer was talking about the possibility of a revival, while Mad About You star Paul Reiser has been actively trying to get a revival of his sitcom made. While many viewers aren't exactly in love with the amount of retreads coming down the pike, at least in the era of "peak TV" there are so many options when it comes to shows that there are still plenty out there that aren't based on a past hit.Related: 11 Sci-Fi Shows That Were Canceled Too Soon (And 5 That Need To Go)The latest series to get the reboot treatment is The 4400, as reported by Variety. For those in need of a refresher, The 4400 premiered as a five-episode miniseries in the summer of 2004, but proved so popular that it received three more seasons of 13 episodes each. While USA is well-known for the ratings success of many of their original programs now, back in the early 2000s, the network was just starting to see their first big hits emerge, such as The Dead Zone and Monk. The 4400 signed off for good in fall 2007, after an amusingly appropriate 44-episode run. However, USA is not involved with the reboot, as it's being developed by The CW.That network hop might seem odd, if not for the fact that The 4400 is produced by CBS Television Studios, co-owner of The CW. The original series was created by the duo of René Echevarria and Scott Peters, although they don't look to be involved with the reboot. In fact, while Variety's report doesn't specify, one assumes that the project being a reboot will preclude any involvement from original 4400 cast members as well, unless they're hired to play new roles. The central premise of 4400 missing people suddenly reappearing with no explanation remains intact, although - likely do to The CW's younger demographic - this time all 4400 are specified as being "young adults in their reproductive prime." The people in question also reappear at their original abduction sites, not all in one place like on the original USA series.The pilot for The 4400's CW reboot is being written by Taylor Elmore (Justified) and Craig Sweeny (a supervising producer and writer on the original show), with Elmore planned to serve as showrunner should the pilot get picked up to series, and Sweeny remaining onboard as an executive producer. Having at least one person on the reboot's creative team that worked on the USA show will hopefully allow The CW to craft a follow-up that fans of the original can enjoy, even if it's not connected.More: 15 Sci-fi Shows That Ended On CliffhangersSource: Variety
Tags:
the 4400
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Sisters Lisa (Mandy Moore) and Kate (Claire Holt) are vacationing together in Mexico as Lisa deals with a recent break-up. Looking to forget life's troubles, the two girls go out partying one night and meet Louis (Yani Gellman) and Benjamin (Santiago Segura). Hoping to show their new friends a good time, the guys tell Lisa and Kate about a favorite hobby of theirs: cage diving for sharks. Lisa is unsure about the whole endeavor, believing it's too dangerous an activity. However, Kate encourages Lisa to change her mind, and the four make plans to go thrill-seeking.The next day, Lisa, Kate, Louis, and Benjamin set out alongside Captain Taylor (Matthew Modine) and his assistant Javier (Chris Johnson). When the sisters go into the water, the cage is lowered to the safe distance of five meters. Unfortunately, the winch on the boat breaks, and instead, Lisa and Kate sink all the way to the bottom and are trapped 47 meters down. With the threat of a shark attack lingering and oxygen in limited supply, they must do whatever they can to survive and make it back to the surface.47 Meters Down is the latest thriller from director Johannes Roberts, who is also known for The Other Side of the Door and Storage 24. It is similar in premise to last year's The Shallows, which also dealt with a human going up against a killer shark. Like that Blake Lively vehicle, the hope going into 47 Meters Down was that it could be a B-movie throwback for genre enthusiasts to offer a reprieve from the more traditional summer tentpoles. While it mostly gets the job done, it still leaves a lot to be desired. 47 Meters Down is a decent, yet unremarkable, survival thriller that's little more than disposable summer entertainment.The film's biggest issues are with the script, credited to Roberts and Ernest Rivera. Many of the roles are thinly defined, with only the barest amount of characterization to get by. As the leads, Lisa and Kate work more as conduits for the viewers to experience the events vicariously through as opposed to fleshed out characters in their own right. It'll be difficult for some moviegoers to get invested in their plight, since their relationship and dynamic is mostly generic instead of being heartfelt. Moore and Holt are solid in their respective parts, there just isn't much for them to do other than panic and scream. The main story lacks a compelling emotional through-line, making the thrills largely superficial and, at times, anticlimactic. 47 Meters Down is designed to be a simple narrative at its core, but the filmmakers took that to heart a little too much.Likewise, the supporting roles are virtually nonexistent, serving mostly to recite exposition and propel the plot forward. Modine, Gellman, and Segura are hardly on-screen enough to make any kind of meaningful impression, despite their best efforts. Moore and Holt at least are able to carry a majority of the film on their shoulders, doing what they can to build something between their characters. Their co-stars aren't as lucky, and there's basically nothing on the page for the other actors to elevate over the course of the movie's running time. Again, this is in line with the project's B-movie sensibilities, but it would have been nice if a little more work was put into making a cast that's at least fun to watch and has screen presence to help 47 Meters Down rise above its limitations and become something a little more. As it stands, the film makes for an intriguing "what if?" set-up, but comes up short in its execution to really work as a movie.Where Roberts does succeed is on the technical side of things, crafting scary set pieces involving the shark and its prey. The director employs an abundance of close-ups, giving the proceedings an air of claustrophobia and dread. Sometimes, he overdoes it in this regard, as occasionally the action can be difficult to follow, but it's a nice style that can make the audience feel uneasy. The low-light settings created by director of photography Mark Silk are also effective, giving the film a sense of unpredictability. There's usually no warning for when the shark arrives, highlighting the hopelessness and peril of Lisa and Kate's situation. And at a svelte 90 minutes, Roberts knows better than to have 47 Meters Down overstay its welcome and it moves along at a solid pace, never really dragging down. He also deserves credit for never abandoning the other threats (like the oxygen tanks) to keep things tense throughout.What ends up holding the film back from reaching its full potential is poor storytelling. The characters' motivations feel arbitrary instead of natural in order for the movie to just happen, giving viewers little reason to truly care about what happens on-screen. The first act in particular is sloppy in its execution, rushing things along to get to the shark without much thought being put into anything else. As a result, there's little build-up as the movie meanders towards its conclusion, which some may find unsatisfying with the twists Roberts takes.In the end, 47 Meters Down knows how to serve up cheap thrills, but there's little behind them to make the movie memorable in any way. It'll make an okay palate cleanser for film buffs in search of a break from the bigger budgeted summer fare, but unless one is a fan of these kinds of movies, there's little to recommend. It isn't something that demands to be seen in theaters, especially with all else that's playing right now.Trailer47 Meters Down is now playing in U.S. theaters. It runs 89 minutes and is rated PG-13 for sequences of intense peril, bloody images, and brief strong language.
Tags:
47 meters down
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Moviegoers who enjoyed this summer's underwater survival horror/thriller 47 Meters Down are in luck, as a sequel is officially under development (with Johannes Roberts returning to direct), under the title 48 Meters Down. Centering around a pair of sisters who go to Mexico on holiday only to find themselves stranded at the bottom of the ocean after a cage diving accident leaves them surrounded by man-eating great white sharks, 47 Meters Down was headlined by Mandy Moore (This Is Us) and Claire Holt (The Vampire Diaries) as said sisters.Co-written by Roberts and Ernest Riera, 47 Meters Down managed to make a formidable dent at the summer box office, garnering $53.6 million in ticket sales on a modest budget of $5.5 million. Whether or not general viewers will be overly enthused over the idea of revisiting the same deep sea waters anytime soon is up for debate, though it would appear that production studio The Fyzz Facility is intent on doing so regardless, with the followup 48 Meters Down.Related: The Winners & Losers of the Summer 2017 Box Office RaceAccording to THR, The Fyzz Facility is currently hard at working in getting the horror sequel 48 Meters Down up and off the ground, with Roberts and Riera both returning to their respective roles for round two. The sequel is set to take place in Brazil and will center around a group of young women who decide to explore some hidden underwater ruins located off-the-beaten trail. Unfortunately for everyone involved, they're not the only ones intent on occupying said ruins. 48 Meters Down will once again be overseen by Altitude Film Sales, with potential buyers currently being sought in Toronto.47 Meters Down even managed to become the highest-grossing indie hit of the summer in the U.S., and The Fyzz Facility representative James Harris couldn't be more excited to bring general audiences 48 Meters Down. Speaking to the studio's intentions in green-lighting the sequel, Harris stated:"We are so pleased by the huge success of 47 Meters Down, it totally exceeded all expectations. 48 Meters Down will take the claustrophobia of cave diving and the thrill of shark encounters and move everything to the next level."Based on the box office success of the first film in the series, 48 Meters Down may very well go on to become another surprise hit with domestic audiences when it finally makes its way to theaters. Sharks and shark attacks continue to be a compelling narrative that American audiences seem to be perennially fascinated by, and as such it's easy to see why Roberts' first film will soon receive the sequel treatment. NEXT: The 15 Most Outrageous B-Movie Monsters EverScreen Rant will keep you updated with any information related to 48 Meters Down.Source: THR
Tags:
47 meters down,
48 meters down
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The sequel to last year's shark horror/thriller 47 Meters Down has been titled 47 Meters Down: Uncaged, and gets a 2019 release date as filming begins. The movie was previously titled 48 Meters Down, but that appears to have been scrapped. The sequel to 47 Meters Down was announced late last year, and director Johannes Roberts is set to return for the upcoming film.Last summer's indie shark film 47 Meters Down was headlined by Mandy Moore (This is Us) and Claire Holt (The Vampire Diaries). The film centered on a pair of sisters that get stranded at the bottom of an ocean with great white sharks after a cage-diving venture goes wrong. With only a small budget of $5.5 million, the film managed to rake in a total gross of $53.6 million. Roberts co-wrote the script with Ernest Riera, and the two put together a terrifying underwater experience moviegoers are sure to remember.Related: Who Are the Winners and Losers of the Summer Box Office?According to Deadline, the upcoming project titled 47 Meters Down: Uncaged will begin production this week in the Dominican Republic. The picture has a scheduled release date for June 28, 2019, and a cast has been assembled. 47 Meters Down: Uncaged stars Sophie Nelisse (The Book Thief), John Corbett (Sex And The City), Nia Long (Empire), Corinne Foxx, Sistine Stallone, Brianne Tju (Scream TV Series), Davi Santos (Polaroid), and Khylin Rhambo (Teen Wolf). Foxx and Stallone are the daughters of Jamie Foxx and Sylvester Stallone, respectively; they both will be making their film debuts. The synopsis is as follows:'The film will tell the story of four teens diving in a ruined underwater city, who quickly find themselves in a watery hell as their adventure turns to horror when they learn they are not alone in the submerged caves. As they swim deeper into the claustrophobic labyrinth of caves they enter the territory of the deadliest shark species in the ocean."Roberts has been very active in the horror community since 47 Meters Down, and even went on to make the long overdue sequel, The Strangers: Prey at Night. Byron Allen's ESMP will be distributing the project, and Roberts has written the script with returning co-writer, Ernest Riera. Roberts has also claimed it will be an underwater version of The Descent. With plot details now made public it would appear Roberts comments from earlier this year are backed up by the synopsis. The follow up to last summer's box office hit is expected to up the ante and suspense factor, but it remains to be seen if Uncaged will be anywhere near as successful as 47 Meters Down.With production set to begin this week, fans of the shark thriller can expect images to be showcased online at some point. 47 Meters Down was very high on its tension building, and shocking twist but perhaps the sequel will leave audiences even more traumatized. The first film is one of the more recent entries of shark movie genre revival. Roberts may have a hit on his hands if he effectively captures The Descent underwater for 47 Meters Down: Uncaged.More: Resident Evil Movie Reboot Hires 47 Meters Down DirectorSource: Deadline
Tags:
47 meters down
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
47 Meters Down has unveiled its second trailer, and it looks like it's shaping up to be another intense addition to the well-trod genre of shark thrillers. Such films have been frequent fare for the big screen ever since the release of Jaws, Steven Spielberg's seminal 1975 blockbuster. In recent years, their output has somewhat waned, but last year's The Shallows seems to have reignited interest in shark-infested horror flicks.That movie starred Blake Lively in heated tête-à-tête with a Great White, beginning with an innocuous trip to an isolated surf beach and fast descending into a terrifying tale of survival. Now, 47 Meters Down is picking up the torch. Mandy Moore and Claire Holt (The Originals) lead as Lisa (Moore) and Kate (Holt), two sisters who decide to recoup from a bad breakup with a vacation on the Mexican coast. Once there, they decide to do a little thrill-seeking and go cage diving, but the experience quickly turns deadly when the rope snaps and they plummet to the bottom of the ocean, where they're left to fend off hungry sharks with a dwindling oxygen supply.The newest trailer amps up the gore — and the fright factor — featuring Lisa and Kate in several unnervingly close encounters, plus not just one, but an entire pack of savage sharks. In a particularly chilling scene, Lisa lights up a flare while swimming through dark waters, only to discover there are three open-mouthed sharks speeding straight toward her.It's a simple premise, but it looks promising enough, having already nabbed a few positive early reviews from the horror community. Director Johannes Roberts, who also co-wrote the script, has had a rather hit or miss trajectory, though his star is certainly rising. He helmed last year's poorly received The Other Side of the Door, but was recently tapped to lead The Strangers 2, the long-awaited sequel to Bryan Bertino's 2008 invasion thriller.For its part, 47 Meters Down has had a somewhat rocky path to screen. It was initially acquired by Dimension Films back in 2014, then shelved for a couple years before getting a direct to video release under the name In the Deep. But shortly before, Freestyle Media nabbed the rights and re-upped it to a wide theatrical bow set for this summer.All of which is to say that 47 Meters Down could go in either direction, so it's best watch with an open mind. If nothing else, it will be interesting to see Moore in a role drastically different from her current turn in the breakout hit family TV series, This Is Us.47 Meters Down arrives in theaters on June 16, 2017.Source: 47 Meters Down
Tags:
47 meters down
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
If you don't know Carl Rinsch's name, he is the young protegé (and potential son-in-law) of acclaimed directors Ridley and Tony Scott. Rinsch's name first surfaced on the movie blog radar when Sir Ridley tapped him on the shoulder to direct the upcoming Alien prequel that 20th Century Fox is developing. The studio has since nixed that arrangement, insisting that Ridley himself direct the new Alien.Well, it seems as though Carl Rinsch has managed to land on his feet: He'll be helming 47 Ronin, a samurai historical epic being developed by Universal and producers Scott Stuber and Pamela Abdy, starring Keanu "Whoa" Reeves in the lead. Rinsch's filmography consists mainly of "futuristic" TV commercial work (Heineken, BMW), but if the Scott brothers took him under wing (and into their household) then there has got to be some potential there. Remember, District 9  director Neil Blomkamp was "just a TV commercial director" not too long ago...With 47 Ronin, Rinsch will be tackling the legendary true tale of a band of 47 samurai in the 18th Century, who embark on a perilous mission to avenge their slain master. My guess is Reeves will be playing the head of the samurai clan (masterless samurai were called "ronin", BTW). 47 Ronin is a pretty famous story and (if I'm reading this correct) this latest take will be a remake of a remake...RinschWhile the premise sounds like a Seven Samurai-esque epic with a lot of kick-ass potential, it is ironic to hear that Rinsch - touted as a "futuristic wunderkid" - is attached to a historical epic. Maybe there are some wild plans for the visual style of the film? Maybe this is simply a training exercise to see what Rinsch is capable of? Too early to tell...What do you think about Carl Rinsch being attached to 47 Ronin? Does it sound like a good project for the young director, or, based on his commercials, would you expect him to be helming  a sci-fi project instead?No word yet on when 47 Ronin will be in theaters.Source: THR
Tags:
47 ronin
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Keanu Reeves directed himself in the underground martial arts fighting thriller Man of Tai Chi; that film opened in select Asian theater markets earlier this year and could reach the States before 2013 draws to a close. Nonetheless, far more people are likely to hear about - not to mention actually see - this winter's release 47 Ronin, which features Reeves headlining a big-budget Hollywood treatment of the famous true-story (wherein 47 samurai set out to honorably avenge the death of their slain master).Reeves may be the 47 Ronin cast member whose picture will (probably) adorn the majority of posters released for U.S. audiences, but the bulk of the film's cast is composed of Japanese actors and actresses. That lineup includes a handful of faces that ought to seem familiar to the sci-fi and comic book crowd, such as Rinko Kikuchi (Pacific Rim), Hiroyuki Sanada (The Wolverine) and Tadanobu Asano (Thor: The Dark World).No surprise, Reeves' costars get more attention in the newly-released 47 Ronin international trailer, which is about half as long as its U.S. counterpart and includes Japanese titles. Of course, there's still plenty of footage that showcases a bearded, long-haired and grimy Reeves in action; in addition to, excerpts from the film's many stylized battle sequences (pitting Reeves and his samurai comrades against a diverse collection of supernatural enemies and creatures).Here is an official synopsis for 47 Ronin:Keanu Reeves makes an explosive return to action-adventure in 47 Ronin. After a treacherous warlord kills their master and banishes their kind, 47 leaderless samurai vow to seek vengeance and restore honor to their people. Driven from their homes and dispersed across the land, this band of Ronin must seek the help of Kai (Reeves)--a half-breed they once rejected--as they fight their way across a savage world of mythic beasts, shape-shifting witchcraft and wondrous terrors. As this exiled, enslaved outcast becomes their most deadly weapon, he will transform into the hero who inspires this band of outnumbered rebels to seize eternity. 47 Ronin was co-scripted by Chris Morgan (Fast & Furious 6) and Hossein Amini (Snow White and the Huntsman), as based on an adapted screen story that Morgan conceived alongside executive producer Walter Hamada (The Conjuring). It would appear as though Morgan and Amini have given the 47 Ronin source story a similar treatment as the latter helped to give the Snow White fairy tale; in other words, the writers have incorporated more tentpole spectacle and larger production values into the original narrative (combined with a gritty, yet PG-13 friendly tone).The Snow White/47 Ronin parallels don't end there, as the latter is also a feature-length debut for its director, Carl Rinsch. Rumors about creative issues during post-production - coupled with multiple release date delays - give reason to be cautious about Reeves' Samurai flick and suggest that it might be flashy, yet messy and hollow from a storytelling perspective, similar to the aforementioned Snow White re-envisioning. (In all fairness, though, even if that proves to be the case, then 47 Ronin could still be a serviceable popcorn flick).How does 47 Ronin look to you: like a fun Samurai fantasy-adventure, a fun-but-dumb Keanu Reeves blockbuster - or just dumb?_____47 Ronin opens in U.S. theaters on December 25th, 2013.Source: Twitch Film
Tags:
47 ronin
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Yesterday, we got four characters posters for 47 Ronin, and now we can offer the first trailer to boot. The film is a (very) loose adaptation of the real-life story - a touchstone of Japanese history and society/cultural values - about how forty-seven samurai track down the warlord responsible for murdering their master: a task for which (spoiler?) they honorably sacrifice their own lives, in order to complete.In the Hollywood version, the protagonist is Kai (Keanu Reeves): a "half-breed" who was rejected from Japanese society. Kai has long been enslaved and forced to participate in arena battles with many of the dangerous supernatural creatures that roam the countryside. However, it turns out that Kai is destined for a higher calling, when he is recruited by forty-seven ronin (re: samurai without a master) to help them defeat an evil witch and avenge the death of their leader.The 47 Ronin trailer, much like the recently-unveiled posters, highlights the fantastical creatures that inhabit the film's setting - ogres, giant horned beast and sorceresses who can transform into dragons - in addition to laying out the basics of Reeves' character's history and relevance to the story. Visually, everything looks quite impressive, be it glimpses of smoothly-shot action sequences or panoramic-style imagery that was designed with the 3D format in mind. You can tell that first-time director Carl Rinsch learned a thing or two about how to make a shiny movie from his mentor, Ridley Scott.Having said that, the movie seems a bit hectic - which, to be fair, could just be the result of how the trailer is constructed. Still, it's hard to shake off the feeling that, while the final result could easily be watchable, the film will fall short of realizing its full potential: to give the samurai sub-genre a genuine epic treatment with a budget close to $200 million. (That worry is all the more justifiable because of the longstanding rumors about creative control problems behind the scenes.)The bigger concern, from a storytelling perspective, is that the important themes and ideas inherent to the 47 Ronin tale will be overwhelmed by special effects and extraneous action scenes. The script blends the complimentary talents of Oscar-nominee Hossein Amini (Drive) and Chris Morgan (Wanted, Fast & Furious 3-7), in an attempt to produce popcorn entertainment with substance.Will that work? Or will 47 Ronin feel like two movies - a kick-ass samurai fantasy and a parable for Eastern beliefs and philosophy - that've been awkwardly cobbled together? Be sure and let us know what you think in the comments section!_____47 Ronin opens in 2D/3D theaters in the U.S. on December 25th, 2013.Source: Yahoo! Movies
Tags:
47 ronin
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Universal has decided to delay the release date of 47 Ronin, the upcoming samurai epic starring Keanu Reeves, which was directed by Carl Rinsch, the protege (and possible future son-in-law) of Ridley Scott.The new release date for 47 Ronin will be on February 8, 2013 - a date which will likely strike movie fans with concern about the quality of the project that Rinsch (who is taking on his first big-budget feature film) has managed to construct.47 Ronin is based on a legendary story about 18th century Japan, in which 47 Samurai warriors, having seen their master slain (marking them as dishonored "ronin"), embark on a perilous mission of revenge as their last act. Reeves was set to play the lead character Kai, an outcast who joins with the ronin, alongside a cast of many famous Japanese actors. Given Rinsch's experience directing futuristic commercials (he was also set to direct what is now Prometheus before Fox had Ridley Scott take the job)  it was hoped that he would make good use of the 3D format and lavish sets and costumes in the film, in order to create an old-meets-new-style of historical epic, which would be truly... well, epic.The movie's original late November 2012 release date also suggested that Universal was banking on it being something big - which is why news of this shift to February 8, 2013 is such an ominous development. Typically, early February serves as the darkest hole in the movie graveyard - a place that studios throw their failed projects in the hopes of mitigating their losses at the box office during the competition-free winter doldrums. For example: late January/early February of this year brought such winners as Man on a Ledge, Red Tails, Safe House, and Journey 2: The Mysterious Island; and trust us when we say: this year was a good year.Universal may be making a shrewd move, positioning a hit film in a slow part of the calendar year to gain maximum attention. But then, when you consider the fact that Die Hard 5 will be hitting theaters a week later, it doesn't seem like a longevous box office run is exactly what the studio has in mind (as Die Hard will quickly turn attention away from 47 Ronin). It could be a technical thing - extra time needed for post-production, punching up those 3D visuals. As it stands, the 3D samurai epic will open against Steven Soderbergh's psychological thriller The Bitter Pill, and the Keira Knightley romance film Safe Haven. So it should do alright in its first week, if nothing else.If this project is ultimately a bust, it'll be a shame for Rinsch, for Reeves, and for all us fans of samurai flicks.Guess we'll know for sure when 47 Ronin hits theaters on February 8, 2013.Source: Universal
Tags:
47 ronin
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The legend of forty-seven samurai who set out to avenge the death of their leader is based on a real-life incident in the early 18th century. Seeing how the story is a famous one that reflects many coveted values of Japanese society, it's no surprise that the tale has been adapted into cinematic form several times. Now the legend is getting the big-budget Hollywood treatment, in the form of a 3D project titled 47 Ronin.47 Ronin began production earlier this year, under the direction of Carl Erik Rinsch, a Ridley Scott protégé who was (at one point) attached to direct Prometheus back when it was a straight-forward Alien prequel. Rinsch was also previously attached to helm a new version of Logan's Run, but eventually settled on 47 Ronin as his feature-length directorial debut, instead.Keanu Reeves headlines 47 Ronin, as you will note in the official plot synopsis below:Kai (Reeves), is an outcast who joins Oishi (Hiroyuki Sanada ), the leader of the 47 Ronin. Together they seek vengeance upon the treacherous overlord who killed their master and banished their kind. To restore honor to their homeland, the warriors embark upon a quest that challenges them with a series of trials that would destroy ordinary warriors.Reeves has described Kai in 47 Ronin as "an outsider, a kind of half-breed with a mysterious past." While the character was clearly designed in part to allow for a Caucasian Hollywood star (even one with some Chinese heritage, like Reeves) to sign on and make the project more bankable, the bulk of the remainder of the cast is actually Japanese. Likewise, judging by the early images of costumes and architecture from the 47 Ronin set, the film is aiming to be more of a culturally-authentic recreation of the legend.Check out said 47 Ronin set pics in the gallery below:[gallery columns="2"]Penny Rose (the Pirates of the Caribbean movies) was responsible for designing the colorful and decorated outfits in 47 Ronin, which also boasts cinematography by frequent Scott collaborator John Mathieson (Gladiator, Kingdom of Heaven). The visual design of the film is openly acknowledged as being influenced by the impressionistic artistic style of filmmakers like Hayao Miyazaki (Princess Mononoke, Spirited Away) and will be captured in cinematic form via the Arri Alexas 3D camera system - the same type used on Martin Scorsese's acclaimed 3D pic, Hugo, and Ang Lee's upcoming literary adaptation, Life of Pi.That's all to say: 47 Ronin should look great, in terms of production design, cinematography, and even 3D effects.The 47 Ronin script was co-penned by Chris Morgan (Wanted, Fast Five) and Hossein Amini (The Wings of the Dove, Drive), so it should be a mashup of Hollywood-style blockbuster action and more mediative drama. It remains to be seen if Rinsch can deliver a final product that strikes a nice balance between those two thematic approaches. Having an action star like Reeves (who does best when playing the strong silent type, like in 47 Ronin) should hopefully help, rather than hurt, in that regard.-Look for 47 Ronin to hit theaters around the U.S. on November 21st, 2012.Source: Market Saw (via Latino Review)
Tags:
47 ronin
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Good Time directors Benny and Josh Safdie will develop a 48 Hours remake for Paramount Players. Good Time has won the Safdies critical acclaim, scoring five Film Independent Spirit Awards nominations. The film also played in competition at Cannes and picked up an award for Best Score. Star Robert Pattinson has himself earned raves for his performance as a failed bank robber suffering through a hellish night trying to get his mentally challenged brother out of Riker's Island.The original 48 Hours, released in 1982, helped set the template for all buddy-cop movies to come. Murphy's character, actually a furloughed convict forced to help Nolte, banters and spars with his partner in true buddy-cop style. The great Walter Hill directed the gritty action-comedy, guiding Eddie Murphy to a career making performance. The film grossed an impressive $78 million in the US, and spawned the sequel Another 48 Hours. The sequel came out eight years after the original and failed to recapture the magic.Related: Eddie Murphy Would Do a Funny Superhero MovieTHR reports that Benny and Josh Safdie have now been tapped by Paramount Players to revive 48 Hours. Carmichael Show co-creator Jerrod Carmichael will pen the script along with Josh Safdie and Ronald Bronstein. Planet of the Apes company Chernin Entertainment will produce along with Oscar Boyson and Sebastian Bear-McClard.Buddy cop movies dominated the 1980s, and 48 Hours in large part kick started the genre. All the conventions are in place: Partners who grate on each other's nerves at first, but later develop mutual respect; an action plot that allows the main characters to bond; a healthy dose of comedy in addition to the action. Lethal Weapon would take that formula and spin it into a whole franchise that still survives today as a TV series. Buddy cop movies have become less popular in recent years, perhaps because the tropes became too well-worn. But a revival seems in the offing, thanks to movies like Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe's The Nice Guys. The genre also gets a sci-fi spin this year with Will Smith's Netflix movie Bright.With its hyper kinetic style, driving plot and splashes of comedy, Good Time proved a perfect showcase for the Safdie brothers' talents. Those talents should for the most part translate well to the buddy cop hijinks of 48 Hours. Jerrod Carmichael joins the mix for that extra comedy boost, if needed. Casting for this one should be intriguing. Jerrod Carmichael himself might be a fit for the Eddie Murphy role of the cocky young convict. Then there's Robert Pattinson, who basically played an unhinged version of that character already in Good Time. And for the Nick Nolte grizzled old cop half of the 48 Hours team? What about Eddie Murphy? Sadly, Murphy has perhaps become too mellowed-out for the Safdies' sure-to-be-wild take on 48 Hours.We'll keep you updated on 48 Hours as more information becomes available.More: Good Time: Robert Pattinson’s Scandalous Dog Story ExplainedSource: THR
Tags:
48 hours
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Is a 4K projector a better option for your home theater than an UltraHD TV? Previously, the answer was more straightforward than it is today - considering 4K projectors were unaffordable for anyone but the most affluent consumers. However, as 4K technology became less expensive in the TV business, home theater projectors capable of supporting the format (without breaking a buyer's bank) also hit the market at a budget price point. As a result, in 2018 consumers have a tangible reason to consider opting for a 4K projector setup over a comparable TV option.Of course, this does not mean a 4K projector will be the right option for any or even most people in the market for a new 4K display; still, with prices dropping on everything 4K (TV, projector, Blu-ray player, etc) and Holiday gift-giving fast-approaching, we decided to test the new generation of 4K projectors to help readers make an informed decision ahead of 2018 Black Friday TV deals.We went hands-on with the BenQ HT2550 4K Home Theater Projector - one of the next-generation UHD/HDR projectors that have made 4K affordable. Note: This post is not a formal review of the projector itself - and while it is used in reference to the larger 4K projector vs. UltraHD TV debate we will not be assigning a review score or official endorsement for the BenQ HT2550. Readers who are interested in a deep-dive review of the projector, its technical specs and features, will want to consult consumer technology reviews before making a purchase. Our goal is to use our experience with the HT2550 to contextualize pros, cons, and factors that a movie and TV fan should consider when debating between a 4K projector or TV for their home theater setup.Now that price is less of a hurdle, the BenQ HT2550 lists between $999.00 and $1,499.00 depending on the retailer, there are only a few core requirements a buyer should consider that will, inherently, make 4K projection a less-viable option, specifically: room space and lighting. These two factors, more than anything else, determine whether a projector - any affordable projector - will work. At the most fundamental level, projectors need room to project - and most need darkness to do it.For this reason, cinephiles living in apartments or small homes with a modest living room space will not be suitable for 4K projection. A projector can be placed closer to the projection screen than recommended and still produce a crisp image (BenQ recommends 6.5 feet minimum to create a 60-inch compatible 4K image) but even if you're willing to sacrifice optimal settings, the distance between screen and projector must be unobstructed - a challenge in tighter, ultra-efficiency spaces. Similarly, ambient light dulls and washes out projected images. Closing blinds and turning off lights can help mitigate the issue but viewers will be sorely mistaken if they intend to use a projector as their primary TV device on a sunny afternoon in a living room saturated by natural light.Many projectors - especially higher-end models - include features that attempt to mitigate these issues (short throw focus and higher lumens, for example). Still, buyers who attempt to fit a projector into a suboptimal living room setup are better off purchasing a 4K TV - which requires less space and maintains a brighter image when hit by stray lighting.That said, for consumers with a dedicated home theater space or a room with sizable square footage and little natural light, a 4K projector is an attractive and potentially preferable option. Cinephiles should already know that a bigger image provides a more immersive viewing experience - and it's hard to beat the size of a 4K projected image. The BenQ HT2550 is capable of creating a 200-inch comparable image in 4K with 24 feet of distance from the screen - in a properly dark space. Understandably, most buyers will not have room for 24 feet of distance nor 200-inch worth of diagonal screen space but that's the scale that projection makes possible.Comparatively, a 100-inch Sony 4K TV would run buyers around $55,000.00 - and, while a TV at that price is packed with premium clarity, color, and contrast, it's still half the image size BenQ's HT2550 is capable of displaying in 4K. To create a similarly sized 100-inch screen, HT2250 owners would only need 10 feet of distance - making a consumer 4K projector an affordable option for viewers with suitable space. The resulting picture itself is sharp - full of crisp colors and striking contrast. We tested a variety of eye-popping 4K movies (including Black Panther, Wonder Woman, and Star Wars: The Last Jedi) all of which looked excellent. Though, playing Red Dead Redemption 2 in 4K HDR on a 120-inch picture received the biggest reaction from the team.Of course, the quality of a projector image, just like TVs, depends on the make, model, and range of premium features. Consumer 4K models, like the HT2550 are entry-level gateways to high-end audio-visual tech - which is an accurate way of approaching whether or not a projector is the best option for your household. Despite improved affordability, a projector doesn't, on its own, check all of the boxes that a TV can (for users seeking an all-in-one solution) and will, in most cases, require additional spending (a high-quality screen and surround sound speakers to match that gorgeous 4K picture).For example, the HT2550 includes a single 5-watt speaker - great for playing a movie clip during a powerpoint presentation but nothing that a serious cinephile would be comfortable using for regular audio delivery. Similarly, the BenQ HT2550 only included one 4K HDMI port - meaning that users who want to plug-in a variety of 4K devices (PS4 Pro, 4K blu-ray player, cable box, etc) will need a 4K HDMI switcher. 4K projectors designed for home theater use range in price from $999 to over $60,000 (and counting) - leaving significant room for upgrading: higher contrast and brightness, among other options, if consumers have the money to invest in premium features.Still, projectors like the HT2550 pack serious power for their main use - and, what they might lack in ultra-premium picture, they make up for in versatility - including a range of features that, for the right consumers and circumstances, provide more flexibility than a TV. In addition to the home theater setup, we tested the BenQ HT2550 in-office and outdoors - where we held a movie night (with Infinity War projected onto a screen draped on the side of a house). We even made use of a Roku Streaming Stick - which allowed the team to switch over to the first episode of Daredevil season 3 on Netflix after Infinity War - all from the comfort of the grassy backyard.We topped off our time with the HT2550 playing 4-player Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on Nintendo Switch - which was a fitting conclusion for our experience with the projector. For decades Nintendo has produced quality products that, though they weren't the most expensive or feature-rich, made video games accessible and extra fun. The BenQ HT2550, along with the next-generation of 4K projectors, is poised to serve a similar function - bringing big screen experiences and 4K spectacle to home theaters. No doubt, a lot of households will not be a fit for a 4K projector setup but, for those that are, it's worth considering (and researching) whether to make the jump from TV to projection.NEXT: Xbox One X Is Awesome For The Right Type of GamerNote: BenQ provided a review unit for this feature. Learn more about the BenQ HT2550.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The year 2012 is a pivotal one - and not just because of that whole 'world coming to an end' business.Sure, in one sense the movies of 2012 will be a smattering of the usual varieties, in the usual genres, encompassing the usual range of quality. However, within that spectrum of cinematic potential, there are some definite matters of interest amongst hardcore movie geeks that will be addressed or proven within the next calendar year.We'd like to offer 5 questions we think movie geeks should be keeping in mind as they view their most anticipated films and watch the debates unfold - all while the box office profits get tallied, and the future of the movie biz is once again charted.5 Questions for Movie Geeks in 2012...
Tags:
ghost rider,
the hobbit,
jack the giant killer,
total recall,
the avengers,
dredd,
the dark knight rises,
snow white and the huntsman,
prometheus,
the amazing spider-man,
mirror
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Welcome to Screen Rant's "Geek Picks," where we collect the finest movie-related geekery from around the Web. Today you'll find elders reacting to I Love Lucy; an honest trailer for Counter-Strike; and The Rock's wedding surprise. All that and more on this edition of SR's Geek Picks!If you have any Geek Picks of your own, please send them to srgeekpicks(at)gmail(dot)com and you could be featured in a future post!-Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson's Wedding Surprise!Dwayne Johnson and Nick Mundy's epic friendship all comes down to this - a surprise wedding officiated by The Rock himself. Grab the tissues!-The 5 Most Horrific Deaths in Disney MoviesThe greatest death was of your childhood.-Delta Airlines made the most Internet-y flight safety video everAnd honestly… it might be first flight safety instructional video anyone will ever watch the full way through.-The making of Star Wars at Madame Tussauds LondonA team of 180 talented Madame Tussauds sculptors, hair artists and colourists have worked hard for a year to create this epic Star Wars experience – find out how we brought the Star Wars universe to life in our full behind-the-scenes video.-The Ragtime Gals: Roxanne (w/ Sting)The Ragtime Gals sing a barbershop quartet version of "Roxanne" with Sting.-Coldplay's Game of Thrones: The Musical (Full 12-minute version)Game of Thrones: The Musical. For Red Nose Day on NBC, Coldplay and the cast of Game of Thrones join forces for the band's most important project yet: a musical for HBO’s Game of Thrones.-Jurassic World - Alien Style Fan TrailerJurassic World is almost here, and in honor of it's upcoming release I decided to cut my own fan trailer. Years ago I saw another YouTuber upload a "Jaws 5" fan trailer, cut to the soundtrack of the Alien trailer back in 1979. The haunting score over some darkened shark footage was truly frightening, and it inspired me to add it to the Jurassic World footage. We've seen trailers so far that feature action and inspire awe, but what about the truly horrific side of an island inhabited by genetically modified killer dinosaurs?-Chris Pratt’s Drunk Acting LessonsLike sorority girls and Pitbull, Chris Pratt enjoys Fireball…whisky, that is. We caught up with the star of Jurassic World after he was a bottle deep in the cinnamon booze, to pick up a few important acting tips.-ELDERS REACT TO I LOVE LUCYWe go back to the past when we show the ELDERS an old TV SHOW! I LOVE LUCY!-Intense Microsoft Solitaire 25th Anniversary TournamentJimmy Fallon shows an ad promoting the heart-pounding action of Solitaire's 25th anniversary tournament.-COUNTER-STRIKE (Honest Game Trailers)From Valve; the company that refuses to let anyone aim down the barrel, comes the franchise that taught generations of children - you run faster with a knife.-Captain America - You Think You Know Comics?Think you know all there is to know about the Star-Spangled Avenger?-Trek 3 to be less “Star Trek-y”?! (Nerdist News w/ Dan Casey)STAR TREK, geek culture, and doomsday cults? We head down the WTF rabbit hole as we investigate Trek 3, Simon Pegg, and the government's secret agenda against sci-fi shows. Plus the studio behind Star Trek Beyond is worried that the script is too “Star Trek-y”, whatever that means!! Dan Casey slaps on a tin foil hat to get to the bottom of all of this for Nerdist News.-That's all for today, folks! Be sure to check back tomorrow for more movie-related geekery.Today's picks have been brought to you by: Nerdist, ComicsAlliance, Smosh Games, Dorkly, Screen Junkies, TheFineBros, GQ Magazine, Madame Tussauds London, Brook Hubbs, Coldplay Official, The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon and TheChive.
Tags:
sr picks
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Screen Rant's Ben Kendrick reviews 50/50There are a lot of bankable movie pitches out there with low-risk box office potential: giant robots that fight to the death, or an adaptation of a popular young adult novel - but the filmmakers behind the dramedy 50/50 had their work cut out for them. A half-humorous/half-character drama story about a young guy who discovers he has cancer, 50/50 is certainly a challenging sell, even with a talented cast - and resulted in several pre-release name changes for the film, i.e. I'm With Cancer and Live With It.The various stages of cancer treatment, more than any other affliction, will likely be familiar to moviegoers - and with that familiarity comes a tricky balance, considering many people in the audience will have close ties to someone who has battled the disease. Ultimately 50/50, and director Jonathan Levine (The Wackness), have to find a meaningful middle ground between handling a very familiar subject matter with dignity and sensitivity while also delivering plenty of cathartic moments that help keep the story from reminding audiences too much of real life.So... did the filmmakers succeed or does the challenging 50/50 subject matter result in an disjointed mishmash?Fortunately, 50/50 is more the former rather than the latter. Solid performances and very "believable" character moments elevate the film above what could have simply been a typical raunchy comedy with a controversial premise. That said, the later moments in the story tend to offset the balance and stray away from the more grounded elements of the first two acts, i.e. there's a lot of melodrama. 50/50 incorporates an ambitious set of events and, by the end, some work better than others - while a few are overtly ham-fisted and jammed into the story.As mentioned, the 50/50 story follows "healthy" 27 year old, Adam (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) who unexpectedly discovers the back pain he has been experiencing is an extremely rare form of cancer that's threatening his life. As Adam embarks on a difficult and aggressive course of treatment, he attempts to make sense of his shattered life as well as maintain "normal" relationships with his self-absorbed girlfriend, Rachael (Bryce Dallas Howard), off-the-wall but reliable best friend, Kyle (Seth Rogen), and over-protective mother, Diane (Anjelica Huston). Anna Kendrick rounds out the cast as Dr. Katherine "Katie" McKay, Adam's therapist - who, despite a lack of experience and awkward demeanor, attempts to help Adam open up about his feelings so that he can tackle his condition with open eyes.The story was loosely based on screenwriter (and Rogen collaborator), Will Reiser's experience with a similar form of cancer. However, while Reiser's journey adds a lot of weight to the more meaningful and honest moments in the film, his familiarity can at times over-extend its reach - as a few of the intertwining story lines come across significantly less authentic. As a result, moment to moment, the scenes are believable and interesting to watch; but in some cases, the resulting fallout of the proceedings isn't exactly earned.It's clear the 50/50 filmmakers were struggling with the movie's balance - toeing the line of especially dark and painful character drama only to subsequently overcompensate by trying to lighten things up too much. While lighter moments are definitely appreciated (and mostly effective) there are times when certain scenes come across as forced, or at the very least, unearned - as well as counterintuitive to how a particular character might actually behave given the situation.This imbalance is especially apparent in the last act of the film, where some of the most interesting (and heartbreaking) character interactions occur - as well as some of the most aggressive "story over substance" relationships are tied up. One scene in particular between Adam and his mother is especially profound and masterfully handled, delivering a powerful point about living in the face of possible death. Whereas the relationship between Adam and Katie is a little bit harder to rectify in the closing scenes of the production - since it's never really established why the therapist becomes so connected to Adam. As a result, while the character is actually one of the sharper inclusions, she's poorly served in the first two acts - with very little foundation for Kendrick to build from in order to believe Katie has any reason to really care about Adam outside of therapy.That said, every member of the cast hits the mark in 50/50. Gordon-Levitt summons the same subtle (and disturbed) emotional complexity as his character Tom, in (500) Days of Summer. 50/50 would be nowhere without the balance that Gordon-Levitt is able to strike, transitioning from humored catharsis to evocative character drama- especially in one surprisingly heart-wrenching moment toward the end of the film. Rogen, who many moviegoers will no doubt expect to do his normal comedy schtick, finds an impressive groove (possibly because of his connection with Reiser) and brings unexpected reverence to the project - while still delivering some of the best, and raunchiest, lines in the film. Kendrick's Katie is another in-over-her-head type (following an impressive turn in Up in the Air) who, in a cast full of characters who are all scrambling around trying to make sense of their role in Adam's condition, grounds the proceedings with a bit of intentionally awkward stability.Anyone expecting 50/50 to be another installment in Rogen's string of raunchy (albeit heartfelt) character comedies (Knocked Up, Observe and Report, Pineapple Express) will probably be overwhelmed by the heavy dramatic moments - as the film takes itself, and its subject matter, very seriously. However, moviegoers who are looking for a thoughtful and challenging story, grounded in real world character reactions, that also manages to offer some cathartic laughs, will very likely enjoy 50/50. Despite a few overt "Hollywood" moments, and some ham-fisted character interactions, 50/50 is a solid attempt at presenting a cancer  story on the big screen - antineoplastic drugs, pot brownies, and all.If you’re still on the fence about 50/50, check out the trailer below:httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVObFYOU9rE-[poll id="191"]-Follow me on Twitter @benkendrick - and let us know what you thought of the film below:50/50 is now in theaters.
Tags:
50 50
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt is more of a mainstream name again thanks to Christopher Nolan, but the former 3rd Rock from the Sun star was garnering accolades for his more dramatic and non-mainstream work as an adult actor well before Inception arrived last summer. He's already popped up once on the big screen this year in Hesher - and he'll do it again this fall in the dramedy 50/50.50/50 previously went under the eyebrow-raising title I'm With Cancer, a reference to the disease that strikes Levitt's character (Adam) in the film. It's a situation that's all too relatable for screenwriter Will Reiser, seeing that the story was based on his own bout with cancer.Joining Levitt in 50/50 are the likes of Seth Rogen (who was also one of the film's producers) as Adam's best bud Kyle - along with a supporting cast populated by familiar faces like Anna Kendrick (Scott Pilgrim vs. the World), Bryce Dallas Howard (Terminator: Salvation), Oscar-winner Anjelica Huston (The Royal Tenenbaums), Philip Baker Hall (Magnolia), and more.Levitt in the role of a young man forced to handle an almost unfathomable situation certainly makes sense - but could Rogen's trademark brand of raunchier humor possibly fit in a comedy-drama that involves his best friend being struck with a brain tumor? The answer just might surprise you.Check out the 50/50 trailer (via Apple) below:The idea of throwing together scenes of a sickly-looking Levitt as he mentally struggles to handle his condition, and moments like Levitt shaving his head with the same uncleaned electric razor that Rogen uses on his nether regions, might read like a bad idea on paper - but it actually proves to be quite effective in this trailer.
While Funny People also featured a number of the same ingredients as 50/50 (Rogen, lewd comedy, possibly fatal disease drama), the lattter appears to have its own unique feel - a movie that balances adult humor with genuine pathos. It also helps that Levitt is just a better dramatic lead than People's Adam Sandler - who, for the record, can pull off serious roles when he tries - and that the plot of 50/50 doesn't look to embrace some of the cliches that the aforementioned Judd Apatow film eventually succumbed to.
50/50 arrives in U.S. theaters this fall on September 30th.
Source: Itunes Movie Trailers


Tags:
50 50



















Game of Thrones Creators' Star Wars Trilogy Reportedly Set In Old Republic




113
Shares


Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

The idea of throwing together scenes of a sickly-looking Levitt as he mentally struggles to handle his condition, and moments like Levitt shaving his head with the same uncleaned electric razor that Rogen uses on his nether regions, might read like a bad idea on paper - but it actually proves to be quite effective in this trailer.While Funny People also featured a number of the same ingredients as 50/50 (Rogen, lewd comedy, possibly fatal disease drama), the lattter appears to have its own unique feel - a movie that balances adult humor with genuine pathos. It also helps that Levitt is just a better dramatic lead than People's Adam Sandler - who, for the record, can pull off serious roles when he tries - and that the plot of 50/50 doesn't look to embrace some of the cliches that the aforementioned Judd Apatow film eventually succumbed to.50/50 arrives in U.S. theaters this fall on September 30th.Source: Itunes Movie Trailers
Tags:
50 50
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Sylvester Stallone's Escape Plan may not have been the massive critical success that the action star was hoping for, but that doesn't mean that he has put his franchise plans on hold. Instead, Stallone has forged ahead with Escape Plan 2: Hades, which is set for release sometime this year. The follow up to Escape Plan will bring back Stallone's security expert Ray Breslin, although instead of having to break himself out, the sequel will feature Breslin working on saving one of his kidnapped operatives.Stallone's co-star, Arnold Schwarzenegger, will not be returning for Escape Plan 2, although Guardians Of The Galaxy's Dave Bautista has been brought on board to co-star. Bautista is enthusiastic about the upcoming prison break drama, calling it 'completely different' to the original, and now returning star 50 Cent has chimed in with his own thoughts about how Escape Plan 2 may do at the box office.Related: Sylvester Stallone Is Already Working On Escape Plan 3In an interview for the upcoming Den of Thieves, 50 Cent talked about returning to Stallone's budding prison break franchise, and how the sequel may do better overseas than it will in the US.50 Cent: Man, Escape Plan, I’m Interested in seeing how it actually performs. Not to speak bad to it because it actually did four times a well as it did in America in China because Stallone is like big internationally and they found out when they were out when we were out there that I'm like, I’m big. [flexes] So you know I had to come back and do my thing. But you know, that one is an exciting project and I play, like a computer specialist.50 Cent will be reprising his role as Hush in Escape Plan 2, Ray Breslin's best friend and technical expert. It's probable that Hush will have a bigger part in the sequel to Escape Plan, given that Ray will be using his own team to help stage the next breakout (rather than having to launch it solo from inside the prison), and that the new facility in Escape Plan 2 is allegedly going to be entirely computerized.Fans of Escape Plan will no doubt be thrilled to see more of 50 Cent in the sequel, and potentially even continuing his part in this franchise into a third film which Stallone has already started work on. It's interesting to see that while he's clearly excited about the film itself, he seems more curious than convinced when it comes to performance at the box office. Escape Plan isn't the first big film to do better overseas than in the United States, and with Stallone already planning Escape Plan 3, it seems that they are confident that the upcoming film will be enough of a financial success to warrant a third. Whether it is a critical success, however, remains to be seen.Next: Escape Plan 2 Is 'Completely Different'Escape Plan 2 is currently expected to hit theaters in 2018.
Tags:
Escape Plan,
escape plan 2
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Considering last month's Fifty Shades of Grey shenanigans, news of casting developments for this and any sequels might be taken with a grain of salt by most. Once Charlie Hunnam left the role of Christian Grey, Universal and Focus Features were left scrambling to find a replacement - not a first for the film business by any means, but it still didn't bode well for the film's progress.Shades seems to be back on track now, though — after True Blood's Luke Grimes and Jennifer Ehle of Zero Dark Thirty joined Dakota Johnson's Anastasia Steele last month (as Grey's brother Elliot and Anastasia's mother, respectively), the studios have found their final principal.Variety reported Friday that 27-year-old actress Eloise Mumford will take on the role of Kate Kavanaugh, Steele's best friend and roommate. In the book by E.L. James, Kavanaugh - a reporter for the school newspaper - falls ill and asks Anastasia to fill in for her in an interview with businessman Christian Grey.Several actresses are said to have tested for Kate with Dakota Johnson, and the role was supposed to have been filled earlier this fall once the studios thought the search for their Christian Grey was over. Hunnam signed on to the movie in early September, but dropped out a month-and-a-half later, leaving the role open for Jamie Dornan (Once Upon a Time).While Hunnam attributed the departure to his commitments to the upcoming (and possibly final) season of Sons of Anarchy and Guillermo del Toro-helmed horror Crimson Peak, it's been rumored that the real reason had more to do with a sub-par script and the overwhelming response to his casting. (Suffice it to say, not everyone was thrilled about it.)It's unlikely that Mumford will face the same level of scrutiny that Hunnam did. Kate Kavanaugh is one of the more prominent characters in the book, but not major enough to draw the same kind of ire over what fans might deem controversial casting. Mumford, best known for her work on the short-lived ABC series The River, is currently filming Joe Johnston's thriller Not Safe for Work alongside Max Minghella.Now that the primary roles have been filled (most likely for good this time), the movie's on track for its Valentine's 2015 release. (Technically it comes out the day before, but my gut tells me it will be a popular date night movie.)What do you think of this latest bit of casting news? Is Mumford a good fit for the film? Let us know in the comments._____Filming for Fifty Shades of Grey is scheduled to start in December, with an expected release of February 13th, 2015.Source: Variety
Tags:
50 Shades of Grey,
fifty shades of grey
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Believe or not there are some people in the world that HAVEN'T seen Transformers 2. Yes, I know it's hard to believe - especially with TF2 raking in almost three quarters of a billion dollars worldwide - but it's true! So what are these people willing watch if not the biggest blockbuster film of the summer? My guess is that they are part of the art house, indie-loving crowd and they were holding off for Joseph Gordon-Levitt's new film, (500) Days of Summer.We haven't covered this film on Screen Rant yet, but better late than never. (500) Days of Summer looks to be a really good mid-summer date film, much like The Proposal last month, but with more subtle humor and insight, rather than the big laughs Green Lantern Deadpool Ryan Reynolds and Sandra Bullock brought to the screen. Today we've got the trailer for (500) Days of Summer, plus a musical montage featuring two songs from the film's excellent soundtrack.This story about love (not a love story) follows Tom (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a young man who works for a greeting card company in L.A.  When Summer (Zooey Deschanel) starts an intern job at the same company, she takes a liking to Tom and then he takes to loving her. Unfortunately, Summer doesn't return his love and they break up.  Summer isn't in the relationship for love, she's in it for fun, but Tom is a hopeless romantic and instead of letting her go, he sets out to win her back by reminding her of their 500 days together. Check out the trailer below:httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsD0NpFSADMI like Joseph Gordon-Levitt (who is also playing Cobra Commander in the upcoming GI Joe movie) and Zooey Deschanel is not as annoying to me as some people seem to find her. She's cute and her acting it pretty good, IMO. Matthew Gray Gubler (Criminal Minds, Alvin and the Chipmunks), co-stars as Tom's friend Paul. I'm interested to see if Gubler is able to shake the geeky, super-smart persona of Dr. Spencer Reed from Criminal Minds and step into a different character. Jon Heder had the problem of shaking Napoleon Dynamite comparisions for a few films after his break out role.So far (500) Days of Summer has been generating some buzz on the festival circuit, most notability at Sundance and SXSW. The film is being considered as a major step in the right direction for the career of director Marc Webb, who up until this point, has done mostly feature-length music videos for Green Day and 3 Doors Down. A slight black cloud on this project could be the writing team of Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber, whose last project was The Pink Panther 2; but early reviews for (500) Days have been mostly positive, so maybe they've put the Pink Panther behind them and put together a smart and enjoyable script.One of the things I like about these and most indie films is the soundtrack. Don't get me wrong, I like a good classical soundtrack as much as the next moviegoer, I actually own the LP for Ice Station Zebra, but sometimes it's nice to hear some more recent music that doesn't get 100 rotations a month on the top 40 stations. I've found some of my favorite bands and songs by watching indie films and it appears (500) Days will be no different.  The Smiths, Wolfmother, Regina Spektor and even Hall and Oates are just a few of the bands listed on the soundtrack.  A music montage was recently released that gives us two of songs, watch it below:Fox Searchlight is producing (500) Days of Summer and the indie studio is quickly becoming one of my favorite studios.  Not everything they produce is cinematic gold (anyone remember Super Troopers and Club Dread?), but they've had more hits than misses. One Hour Photo, Thirteen, Napoleon Dynamite, Roll Bounce, Little Miss Sunshine, The Last King of Scotland, good gravy, the list goes on and on. I didn't even mention Choke, Juno or last year's Oscar phenomenon Slumdog Millionaire.  They're also releasing the upcoming roller derby movie Whip It! in October.These type of movies aren't for everyone and (500) Days of Summer is no different but there is a market for them. I plan on seeing it with my wife when it opens August 7th, 2009 in my town and I'll post a review shortly after.Do you like indie movies like this or do you tend to stick to more mainstream offerings?(500) Days of Summer has a limited release on July 17, 2009 and gets a wider release over the next several weeks. Check the official website for full release dates.Source:  Trailer Addict & You Tube
Tags:
500 days of summer
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
For the past few months, we've been talking up a movie most people haven't even heard of: The Hurt Locker. Why haven't people heard of it? Well, one: It's directed by Kathryn Bigelow, whose biggest two previous attempts are Point Break and K-19: The Widowmaker.  Two: It stars relative unknowns Jeremy Renner (S.W.A.T), Anthony Mackie (We Are Marshall) and Brian Geraghty (Jarhead).I am by no means questioning any of their work. Bigelow is a seasoned director and has proven she's quite capable in her field, and each of the actors are solid performers. She takes the script that Mark Boal has written and brings intense emotion and drama into each scene. This is only Boal's second movie script, his first attempt was In the Valley of Elah but if he writes this well every time, then I'm looking forward see what else he can do.The Hurt Locker opened in Italy in 2008 but is just now making its way to the States. That's not to say it hasn't been previewed in the US though. Our own Kofi Outlaw had the opportunity to watch a clip from The Hurt Locker at this year's New York Comic-Con and he said "I was blown away (no pun intended) by the segment that was screened for the audience". So far, I haven't read many negative reviews on this film and I can understand why. I have been fortunate enough to see a wee bit more than one small segment and let me tell you, it'll be a real shame if this movie falls below the radar this summer.The story follows three EOD (Explosives Ordinance Disposal) specialists (Renner, Mackie and Geraghty) as they weave their way from bomb site to bomb site, disarming IEDs (Improvised Explosive Devices) and dodging death in Iraq. Guy Pearce (Memento), David Morse (Disturbia) and Ralph Fiennes (Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince) all make appearances in the movie and each does a fantastic job.Summit Entertainment has released six new pictures and two clips from The Hurt Locker to help generate some buzz stateside and they are going to need it. They've decided to open the film in New York and L.A. on June 26, 2009. That's right, the same day as Transformers 2: Revenge of the Fallen!Click each picture to see it in higher resolution and be sure to check out the two movie clips below.Jeremy Renner as Staff Sergeant William JamesAnthony Mackie as Sergeant JT SanbornRalph FiennesSergeant Sanborn preps Staff Sergeant James for a missionStaff Sergeant James concentrates as he tries not to blow upAn unknown EOD Specialist is hit by a bomb blastHere are a couple of clips from the film:
Jeremy Renner is prepared to "Die Comfortable"[media id=160 width=570 height=340]
Watch out for the guy with the cell phone[media id=159 width=570 height=340]
For those lucky enough to live in or near Hollywood, CA, American Cinematheque will be showing a special presentation of Kathryn Bigelow's films, including The Hurt Locker, from June 5th through the 7th at the Egyptian Theater.  Bigelow will be present for each showing along with various actors from the movies. Check out Fandango for more information.
What do you think of the stills and video clips? Does this look like a movie you would enjoy seeing in the theater or will you wait for the rental?
The Hurt Locker opens in New York and L.A. June 26th with nationwide openings to follow.


Tags:
the hurt locker



















New Image of Tom Hanks As Mister Rogers Honors Fred Rogers' Birthday




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Here are a couple of clips from the film:Jeremy Renner is prepared to "Die Comfortable"[media id=160 width=570 height=340]Watch out for the guy with the cell phone[media id=159 width=570 height=340]For those lucky enough to live in or near Hollywood, CA, American Cinematheque will be showing a special presentation of Kathryn Bigelow's films, including The Hurt Locker, from June 5th through the 7th at the Egyptian Theater.  Bigelow will be present for each showing along with various actors from the movies. Check out Fandango for more information.What do you think of the stills and video clips? Does this look like a movie you would enjoy seeing in the theater or will you wait for the rental?The Hurt Locker opens in New York and L.A. June 26th with nationwide openings to follow.
Tags:
the hurt locker
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A&E has been home to many thought-provoking shows over the years. Known for airing gritty drama and reality programs, the network became a favourite for fans of all things gritty.Fans of A&E are often drawn to the network for its crime-centered programming. Shows like Beyond Scared Straight and The First 48 offered a unique insight into all aspects of criminal law.A&E's docu-series 60 Days In has also obtained a large fan base. The show followed a series of individuals as they went into the Clark and Fulton County Jails for, you guessed it, 60 days. These individuals were given fabricated criminal backgrounds and were meant to be seamlessly integrated into the general prison population.The goal for 60 Days In was to get the inside scoop on the prison experience. By essentially giving the narrative over to a group of average people, the production team hoped to get a good overall idea of what goes on behind bars.If the premise of 60 Days In didn’t sound crazy enough, we’ve got more for you. Here are the 15 Behind-The-Scenes Secrets About 60 Days In.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThere are many notable reality shows that hide certain elements of the program from their cast members. This can sometimes be done to maintain a surprise element to the show or to ensure that the cast aren’t dramatically altering their behaviour. In the case of 60 Days In, one cast member claims that the production team lied to him about the show’s ultimate goal.Season 1’s Rob Holcomb stated that the idea of the show getting an inside look at the US prison system was simply an act.“The show was not about finding drugs, it was about ratings. I was there to entertain,” he said.Holcomb hasn’t exactly made a good impression on viewers, so whether or not his word can be taken as fact is entirely up to you.Rob brought a bit of a trashy reality show vibe to 60 Days In, both in his on and off-screen involvement.A lot of reality shows and docu-series bank of having a striking personality in front of the camera to draw in viewers. Despite the validity of some of his criticism towards the show, we’re not sure whether Rob was the best choice for 60 Days In.There’s no doubt that 60 Days In offered a unique perspective to those outside the prison system. Some of the things that inmates could obtain or get away with was truly surprising and kept viewers coming back each season excited for more insight.While the show certainly captured a lot of interesting activities on camera, one of the most shocking things to happen to Colonel Mark Adger took place when the cameras were off.Following the filming of 60 Days In season 3, Adger and the jail staff intercepted a letter on its way out of the Fulton County Jail.Though the letter may read normal to the untrained eye, but closer inspection led to a pretty shocking revelation. After sending the letter to the FBI, Adger learned that one of his inmates was putting out an assassination order.While nobody from the cast was involved, the incident serves as a chilling reminder of some of what those in the system go through day-to-day.The letter itself also shows the level of sophistication that some of the inmates have risen to. Although the inmates have their flaws, they certainly seem to have a combination of book smarts and street smarts.Prison gang interaction serves as one of the main points of interest in 60 Days In. Given the secretive nature of gang activity, both inside and outside of jail, most of us don’t have a great understanding of gang politics and operations.Throughout season 3 of 60 Days In, Nate Burrell learned about the conflict between different gangs, as well as, most importantly, the conflicts and politics within an isolated gang.Burrell stated that, while rival gang conflicts were typically on full display for the rest of the prison population, internal issues were handled in a much more private manner.In an attempt to maintain the impression of being a unified group, internal gang conflicts were often resolved through physical violence outside the view of the camera.Burrell described the gang’s method of resolution as getting two or more conflicting members into a secluded room for a quick fight. This is valuable insight for anyone interested in the world of organized crime. While from the outside, it may seem like these are undignified individuals, actions like the ones that Nate Burrell describes show a sense of sophistication.For gangs, it seems like appearance is everything.One of the biggest hurdles that documentaries face is the editing process. Leave too much in, and you might be dealing with a boring movie or TV show. Cut too much out, and you compromise the message that you’re trying to send.A big problem that 60 Days In had with its editing had to do with how the production team pieced the show together. Season 1 star Rob Holcomb stated that the show edited sequences together to make it look like he was in considerably more danger than he actually was.Holcomb saw this as an attempt to vilify the inmates even further. The cast member claims that the inmates treated him more than fairly and that the show was just trying to add a sense of danger.Although the production team didn’t fabricate any footage, their editing paints an unfair portrait of the general prison population.The production team’s argument is that they have to air an interesting, informative show week after week. If they showed all the downtime between “excitement,” the show would become real boring pretty quickly.The title of the show doesn’t leave a whole lot to the imagination. On 60 Days In, participants spend 60 days behind bars. Simple enough, right? Well, it seems they had trouble scheduling the release of some of the show’s cast.According to Fulton County Jail records, some of the participants were in lock up for less than a month. Season 4’s Jaclin Owen was released after 28 days. In fact, a third of the inmates from season 4 were released before their 60 days were up.One of season 4’s most controversial participants was taken out of the Fulton County Jail just a month after her arrival. Angele Cooper was in jail for a month and two days.Interestingly enough, Cooper was removed by the show and the prison over safety concerns. Jaclin Owen and Matt Fellows, the other two participants who didn’t complete their 60 days, left the show on their own accord.The exact circumstances surrounding Angele’s removal aren’t clear, but given how much the fans seem to dislike her, it could be that the inmates weren’t too fond of her either.While it’s no doubt difficult to plan out a show like 60 Days In, it would’ve been nice to see all the inmates stay as long as they were meant to. We guess 28 Days In doesn’t have the same ring to it.It’s one thing to use “creative” editing to shift the tone of a scene, but there are some claims that 60 Days In straight up lied to its viewer.DiAundré Newbey, a real inmate from the show’s first season, stated that his on-screen altercation with another inmate was taken completely out of context.The altercation was made to look like it happened almost immediately after Newbey introduced himself to Robert Holcomb. DiAundré states that the incident with the inmate had nothing to do with Robert, despite how it was presented on 60 Days InFurthermore, the show’s title card stated that Newbey was removed from D-Pod, the same one housing Holcomb. In actuality, Newbey was only removed for questioning and allowed back after a matter of about 10 minutes.After watching the series upon his release, DiAundré criticized the fraudulent title card as making something out of nothing.While this may seem like a fairly minor change to the actual events, it has relatively large implications. By suggesting that the altercation between Newbey and the other inmate had something to do with his friendly treatment of Robert, it gives viewers the idea that the pseudo-inmate could be in a greater sense of danger than he actually is.Regardless of the show’s execution, the idea behind 60 Days In is inherently honest. After his work on shows like Behind Bars: Rookie Year and County Jail, executive producer Gregory Henry like felt he hadn’t really captured a proper prison experience."Every time we make a series in a prison, we come away feeling like everybody that we spoke to sort of had an ulterior motive and we weren't getting a true perspective on what it was like to do time," he stated.Henry’s goal for 60 Days In was to portray the average person’s experience in jail-- just ordinary people with no bias in mind. Whether or not he accomplished that, however, is still up for debate.Any documentary or docu-series has to struggle with bias. Whether the production team is inherently aware of it or not, the smallest choices in the editing room or in the filming of their subject can greatly affect the tone of the show.Big name documentarians like Michael Moore or Morgan Spurlock have been criticized for presenting their movies in a very one-sided fashion, even spawning response films.Knowing how strong Gregory Henry felt about presenting the show in such a neutral way certainly adds to 60 Days In’s viewing experience.One of the most common questions in regards to 60 Days In is whether or not what the production team is doing is legal.Between 24/7 surveillance and subjecting law-abiding citizens to prison conditions, it’s fair to question the legality of the show.The mere fact that the show made it to TV for 4 seasons makes the answer fairly obvious, though the legal hurdles that the production team had to work around might not be what you’d expect.The fake inmates were a piece of cake as far as the show’s lawyers were concerned. It turns out that it’s a relatively simple process to get a civilian into the general prison population.As the production team came to discover, though, avoiding the violation of the actual inmates’ rights was the biggest hurdle.Each member of the Clark and Fulton County Jails, both inmate and faculty member, had to sign a standard release form.What was more challenging for the crew, however, was avoiding the filming of off-limits areas. The areas surrounding the bathroom and shower areas were completely off limits for obvious reasons.Camera crews were often forced to sacrifice a better angle or shot in favour of one that didn’t intrude upon anyone’s rights.One of the most interesting participants in season 4 of 60 Days In was Alan Oliver. A police officer at the time, viewers couldn’t wait to see what Oliver thought of the other side of law enforcement.Would he be surprised with what he saw or would it be business as usual? Viewers tuned in each week to find out.As for Alan, the cop was eager to get a true understanding of how inmates were treated by corrections officers.However, it seems he didn’t like what he discovered.The show was a pretty somber experience for Alan, it seems. Following his time on the show, Oliver found the idea of going back to work in law enforcement impossible.The unjust imprisonment and poor treatment of some inmates resonated with the former officer, who has since gone on to become a car salesman.While this must certainly have shaken up the lives of Alan Oliver and those close to him, one can’t help but see his resignation as a victory of sorts for the show.Executive producer Gregory Harvey had hoped to present an honest portrayal of the US prison system and, at the very least, he succeeded in presenting that to Alan.There's the famous saying: when in Rome, do as the Romans do. Well, for the contestants on 60 Days In, it was more like “when in prison, do as the prisoners do.”For both dedicated viewers and those involved in making the show, the question of how an average person would react to suddenly being thrown into the prison system was too intriguing to pass up.Colonel Mark Adger was particularly interested in seeing whether or not the short term jail stay would have a noticeable impact.“They began to identify with their fellow inmates, began to take on some of the attributes of their fellow inmates, they began to become like them, they tried to manipulate the system, they tried to build up allegiances within the housing unit to offset the threats they may perceive within that housing unit, they adjusted just like any other person that would adjust being in jail – they were really no different,” he stated.They sure picked things up fast. Adger was surprised at just how quickly the cast picked up their new habits, though not surprised that it happened.The Fulton County Jail Colonel noted that the jail environment leads to an entirely different mode of behaviour.A lot of people might be wondering what would lead a person to want to participate in 60 Days In.Participants like season 3’s Michelle Polley and season 4’s Angele Cooper saw the show as an opportunity to further their knowledge in criminal justice.Others, like season 2’s Chris Graf and season 4’s Stephanie, sought to get a better understanding of what their incarcerated family members went through.Whatever the reason may be, executive producer Gregory Henry had no shortage of people willing to participate in the show. In fact, he and his production team had quite the opposite problem.“One of the most surprising things was how many folks were willing to put aside their lives for two months to participate in a program like this," he said.With such a wide variety of people willing to participate, the production team got the luxury of being particular in their choosing.In an effort to try and get the best average opinion on the prison system, the team tried to select participants from all walks of life.For the first season, they chose from the family of those previously incarcerated to those in law enforcement.Angele Cooper is one of 60 Days In’s most controversial participants. Originally joining the show in order to better understand the rehabilitation processes of inmates, the athlete-turned-writer threw fans for a serious loop when she and an inmate formed a physical relationship during her time in jail.While Angele was the first on the show to form an intimate relationship with another inmate, it probably shouldn’t be that much of a surprise.Inmates are still people and, as such, desire companionship. What really complicated things was when Angele told her new partner that she wasn’t an actual inmate.Not only did this jeopardize the integrity of 60 Days In, but it also could have put everyone in serious danger.Were it known by some of the prison population that one or more phoney inmates were wandering around, the Folsom County Jail could have been home to all kinds of violent and hazardous behaviour.Despite the criticism thrown her way, Angele Cooper doesn’t seem to have any regrets regarding her decision.Adopting a “you only live once” mentality, Angele looked at the situation simply as one of life’s many ups and downs.If it hasn’t become clear already, many have taken issue with the show calling itself a docu-series.The way that the show’s producers edit sequences together can, at times, form a their own narrative.It’s practices like this that have been the main source of controversy, with some calling for the show to be presented as a docu-drama rather than a true documentary.Despite its creative take on the prison experience, season 1 inmate DiAundré Newby still believes that 60 Days In offers some useful insight to viewers.As the only real inmate from the first season, it’s safe to say that his opinion of the series carries a little more weight than that of the average viewer.Would the show have been as interesting had the production team behind 60 Days In showed everything exactly as it transpired? We’re not sure we want to know the answer.As viewers, we’re left to form our own opinion based on what’s presented to us.It’s tough to say whether or not seeing more than just the highlights would have changed our perception of the show.The portrayal of the prison population is a controversial subject for any number of reasons.Many see an over-representation of minorities in mainstream portrayals of US prisons, leading to an unnecessary racial narrative. In the case of 60 Days In, many of the inmates were portrayed as substance-crazed lowlifes.Season 1 in particular depicts a number of inmates snorting powder on camera. However, as DiAundré Newby explains, these scenes weren’t exactly what they appeared.“There are these things called Stonewalls (tobacco pills) and they’re not really illegal, you can purchase them on commissary for $12 a box," he said."And people who had a habit of snorting stuff on the streets would take these Stonewalls and crush them up and make them into a line and snort them," Newby stated. "It really didn’t do anything for them other than the placebo effect of having something in their nose.”Substance addiction is undoubtedly a problem across North America and the rest of the world, especially for those behind bars. However, the portrayal of some of these addicts on 60 Days In doesn’t paint a very sympathetic picture.It seems like nothing is safe from being remade these days. Whether it be in the form of a Hollywood blockbuster or of a television series or special, the movie and TV industry seems always on the lookout for good remake candidates.For 60 Days In, this is rumoured to be coming in the form of a UK remake of the show. Currently airing internationally as The Jail: 60 Days In, the A&E docu-series is hoping to explore the inner workings of the United Kingdom’s prison system within the next few years with it's own version of 60 Days In.While there have been a number of documentaries and series on prison systems in Russia, Norway, and other European countries, the United Kingdom prison system has not nearly been as thoroughly explored.Shows like Britain’s Toughest Prisons scratch the surface, but they present the prisons in a very one-dimensional manner.While it would certainly be a treat to get an inside look at another prison system, we wouldn’t suggest holding your breath. With a different bureaucratic structure than the US prison system, it’s likely that authorization for filming across the pond could take some time to obtain.---Can you think of any other interesting facts about 60 Days In? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The mockumentary format has been around for a very long time. One of its most notable examples is the 1981 film This is Spinal Tap, and since then it's been the go-to format for many comedy projects. The format managed to gain new life in the past decade alone following the success of shows like The Office and Parks and Recreation. Even the upcoming Muppets  TV show on ABC will be utilizing the format.HBO is getting ready to premiere a new mockumentary film this Summer that has the potential to be one of the most interesting and unique additions to the genre in the past few years.Today, they released the first trailer (above) for the film - titled 7 Days in Hell - which centers on a tennis match during the 2004 Wimbledon. Here's the synopsis:This sports “documentary” brings together Andy Samberg and Kit Harington for a look back at a pair of fictional players from the not-too-distant past, who played the longest and greatest tennis match of all time: a seven-day, five-set marathon that took literally everything out of them. In addition to highlights (and lowlights) from the match, the special looks back at the lives and careers of the competitors: Aaron Williams (Samberg), a hyper-malcontent, and Charles Poole (Harington), a dim-witted prodigy who carried England’s hopes for a tennis champion on his shoulders.Along with Harington and Samberg - the mockumentary will also star Will Forte, Karen Gillan, Lena Dunham, Michael Sheen, Mary Steenburgen, Howie Mendel, Fred Armisien, Serena Williams, and more.The idea of a comedy veteran like Andy Samberg and a leading man like Kit Harington facing off as fake tennis rivals in a comedy film most likely won't be a hard sell for fans of the genre. The trailer manages to tease the pure level of absurdity that is certain to be present throughout without giving much away - including the staggering number of celebrity cameos hinted at with a cast list that includes Will Forte and Serena Williams.The teaser doesn't show all that much other than brief glimpses at the match itself, along with snippets of footage from before and after the tournament, but is able to perfectly communicate the kind of tone and comedy that 7 Days of Hell is going for. It looks like viewers might be in for an interesting and entertaining ride with this one.-7 Days in Hell is set to premiere Saturday, July 11th, 2015 @10pm on HBO.Source: HBO
Tags:
7 days in hell
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
On Sunday night, prior to the encore broadcast of the Fringe premiere, Fox debuted this extended 7-minute preview for The Day the Earth Stood Still. This trailer extends and completes some of the scenes shown in the first trailer.Upon seeing the first theatrical trailer previewed before Hancock in early July, I was very excited. The trailer felt very dark and cryptic, while being realistic as to what would actually happen in that situation.Unfortunately, this feeling was mostly shot down for me with this new extended preview.Judge for yourself:[MEDIA=49]The new scenes, specifically the ones focusing on destruction or the emerging giant spheres (marbles?) do not really work for me. I think these images also hurt the film's appeal and make it almost "too sci-fi", if that makes sense. It felt to me a lot like the bad parts of War of the Worlds, another remake of a classic science fiction film.In earlier posts about this movie here on Screen Rant, Vic made it very clear how he feels about the remake and the "global warming" (oh, sorry, climate change) message of this film. Screen Rant also received a nice little letter from (everybody's favorite) Fox Studios about another article we posted which commented on a review of the script from Aint It Cool News. That review, if true, makes the movie sound pretty bad.Seeing this new preview in combination to what I've been reading about the story, I am not happy about this remake either. I wish they didn't use the original name - they do not need to as it has nothing to do with this film. Using the original name will not make this movie sell more, it's the actors and trailers that make it sell. All this does is tarnish the original name with something that is irrelevent to the original plot and idea.Clearly, I am not sold yet on this film. What did you think of this extended trailer? Will you see this on the big screen?The Day the Earth Stood Still opens on December 12, 2008.
Tags:
the day the earth stood still
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Christopher Nolan's high-concept heist film Inception hits theaters in less than two months, and while we've seen some amazing footage from the trailers (as well as an equally amazing remix thanks to Screen Rant's Mike Eisenberg), much of the movie's plot is still shrouded in mystery. Perhaps some of that confusion will go away thanks to seven brand new character posters from the film.The posters, which were released exclusively to Moviefone, Omelete and Empire, feature each of the main characters in the film and a description of their roles. For instance, Leonardo DiCaprio's poster describes him as "The Extractor." Going down the line, the rest of the characters are described as follows:Joseph Gordon-Levitt - The Point ManEllen Page - The ArchitectCillian Murphy - The MarkKen Watanabe - The TouristTom Hardy - The ForgerMarion Cotillard - The ShadeCheck out the posters below. Click each image for a larger version.--[gallery columns="2"]--
As a reminder, here is the most recent synopsis for the film:
Acclaimed filmmaker Christopher Nolan directs an international cast in an original sci-fi actioner that travels around the globe and into the intimate and infinite world of dreams. Dom Cobb (Leonardo DiCaprio) is a skilled thief, the absolute best in the dangerous art of extraction, stealing valuable secrets from deep within the subconscious during the dream state, when the mind is at its most vulnerable. Cobb’s rare ability has made him a coveted player in this treacherous new world of corporate espionage, but it has also made him an international fugitive and cost him everything he has ever loved. Now Cobb is being offered a chance at redemption. One last job could give him his life back but only if he can accomplish the impossible—inception. Instead of the perfect heist, Cobb and his team of specialists have to pull off the reverse: their task is not to steal an idea but to plant one. If they succeed, it could be the perfect crime. But no amount of careful planning or expertise can prepare the team for the dangerous enemy that seems to predict their every move. An enemy that only Cobb could have seen coming. This summer, your mind is the scene of the crime.
We've come up with some of our own theories about Inception, but these posters give the film some additional context. Earlier, I described Inception as a high-concept heist film, and these posters back that up. However, while there are traditional roles that you might recognize ("The Mark" and "The Point Man"), there are other descriptions that stand out.
For example, what does it mean that Ellen Page's character is The Architect? My initial guess is that DiCaprio's character contracts her to come up with whatever dream or idea they plan on implanting. Then again, perhaps that's Tom Hardy's job as The Forger. Is he forging the idea that they're going to plant, or does he forge memories of the people from whom they steal? And what could Ken Watanabe do as The Tourist?
Clearly, there are still a lot of questions that need to be answered and I'm incredibly happy that there's still a lot of mystery to this movie. Too often, big blockbuster films give away everything in the trailers to try and suck people into the theaters. Then, when we get there, we're disappointed because we already know what's going to happen and we've seen all the best parts.
Christopher Nolan is lucky because the studio isn't forcing him into that trap. With his name recognition and the film's star-studded cast, Inception will likely have a great opening weekend no matter what. Then, if the plot is as intriguing as it appears to be, it will continue to build on strong word of mouth. In other words, we all win.
What do you think of these character posters? What does each character description mean?
Inception opens in theaters on July 16th, 2010.
Source: Moviefone, Omelete and Empire
 


Tags:
inception



















Deadpool Only Fox X-Men Character Not Expected To Be Rebooted By Disney




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

--As a reminder, here is the most recent synopsis for the film:Acclaimed filmmaker Christopher Nolan directs an international cast in an original sci-fi actioner that travels around the globe and into the intimate and infinite world of dreams. Dom Cobb (Leonardo DiCaprio) is a skilled thief, the absolute best in the dangerous art of extraction, stealing valuable secrets from deep within the subconscious during the dream state, when the mind is at its most vulnerable. Cobb’s rare ability has made him a coveted player in this treacherous new world of corporate espionage, but it has also made him an international fugitive and cost him everything he has ever loved. Now Cobb is being offered a chance at redemption. One last job could give him his life back but only if he can accomplish the impossible—inception. Instead of the perfect heist, Cobb and his team of specialists have to pull off the reverse: their task is not to steal an idea but to plant one. If they succeed, it could be the perfect crime. But no amount of careful planning or expertise can prepare the team for the dangerous enemy that seems to predict their every move. An enemy that only Cobb could have seen coming. This summer, your mind is the scene of the crime.We've come up with some of our own theories about Inception, but these posters give the film some additional context. Earlier, I described Inception as a high-concept heist film, and these posters back that up. However, while there are traditional roles that you might recognize ("The Mark" and "The Point Man"), there are other descriptions that stand out.For example, what does it mean that Ellen Page's character is The Architect? My initial guess is that DiCaprio's character contracts her to come up with whatever dream or idea they plan on implanting. Then again, perhaps that's Tom Hardy's job as The Forger. Is he forging the idea that they're going to plant, or does he forge memories of the people from whom they steal? And what could Ken Watanabe do as The Tourist?Clearly, there are still a lot of questions that need to be answered and I'm incredibly happy that there's still a lot of mystery to this movie. Too often, big blockbuster films give away everything in the trailers to try and suck people into the theaters. Then, when we get there, we're disappointed because we already know what's going to happen and we've seen all the best parts.Christopher Nolan is lucky because the studio isn't forcing him into that trap. With his name recognition and the film's star-studded cast, Inception will likely have a great opening weekend no matter what. Then, if the plot is as intriguing as it appears to be, it will continue to build on strong word of mouth. In other words, we all win.What do you think of these character posters? What does each character description mean?Inception opens in theaters on July 16th, 2010.Source: Moviefone, Omelete and Empire 
Tags:
inception
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Short version: Hey, it's a Will Smith movie so you'll WANT to like it - but despite a moving ending, Seven Pounds overstays its welcome. Screen Rant reviews Seven PoundsOK, I get what they were trying to do in Will Smith's latest film Seven Pounds... I really do. And it's not a bad concept at all - in fact I thought it was very interesting. The problem is that over the course of two hours I felt like I had been beaten to a pulp by the idea.The big thing with this movie is that no one knows what it's a about - the trailer is intentionally vague and there's a reason for that. It's a sort of mystery, where you spend most of the movie wondering:A. What has he done that is torturing him so.B. What exactly is he doing for these people he's sought out.I'll only go over the plot very vaguely since I don't want to spoil any of the mystery. The film opens up with Ben Thomas (Will Smith) on the phone to 911. He is in a state of high anxiety, and at this point we don't know where we are in the film as far as the plot (Is it a flashback? Is it taking place in real time, with the entire film's story to follow?).From there cut to him at his beach house - again, not a happy guy. He's on the phone to someone by the name of Ezra Turner (Woody Harrelson), a customer service rep at a meat company. Turns out Ezra is blind, and after a bit of semi-uncomfortable humor Ben really starts to rip into Ezra in a pretty despicable way. Ezra maintains himself and never sinks to Ben's level, finally hanging up politely.From there Ben goes on to see a number of people including a young boy with cancer, Emily Posa (Rosario Dawson) who has congenital hear failure, and a couple of other people. He works for the IRS and it's weird to see him be so friendly with a smile on his face as he sits down to tell people they're being audited.There are many flashbacks in the film and in one of them we see that he was not always an IRS agent, but ran an aerospace engineering firm. How he got from there to his present position is one of the mysteries in the film.Seven Pounds is all about the relationships between Ben and these people, especially Emily. Now it will depend on your outlook as to whether this is an emotionally powerful film or sappy and manipulative. The problem with this movie regardless of which of those points of view you ascribe to is that it's just too damned long. It clocks in at two hours and the whole point of the film is the mystery, the reveal and the denoument. The thing is if you have half a brain you'll figure out the "what he's doing" part of the mystery VERY early on - and from there it will seem like it's being dragged out for who the director must assume are the less bright members of the audience.Once I figured it out the movie seemed to drag on and on, beating us over the head with more and more hints that were no longer needed. Not only is what he is up to obvious, but what will happen between him and Ezra as well. Then there's the issue of Will Smith: He's proven he's a great actor, but two hours of him with basically a look of pain on his face was a bit much to take. Rosario Dawson was trying hard, but I think someone else could have done a better job in the role.As I said, it's an interesting concept about repentence taken to the extreme - and there won't be a dry eye in the theater when it's done... but by the time I got to the end my thought was "thank goodness, it's about time."
Tags:
3 star movies,
seven pounds
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
While Mads Mikkelsen is best known for playing Hannibal Lecter on NBC’s Hannibal, he has also been in a variety of other roles over the years. Mikkelsen brought Thomas Harris’ character to the screen in a powerful way that rivaled Anthony Hopkins performance, which is no small feat. Mikkelsen clearly has some serious acting skills and is masterful in creating a nuanced performance just with the slightest changes of expression. While we will definitely always be praising his work on Hannibal, fans of Mikkelsen will want to check out some of his other work, too.Here are the 8 best non-Hannibal roles that Mads Mikkelsen has been in.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewMads Mikkelsen brings a graphic novel character to life in this film. While Polar might be a little bit on the ridiculous or over-the-top side, Mikkelsen’s performance makes it worth the watch. The Black Kaiser just wants to live a calm life in Montana, but instead has to try to save himself from ruthless assassins. If you’re into seeing Mikkelsen use laser gloves to defeat enemies and run naked in the snow while shooting machine guns, you’re going to want to see this one. This might not be his most nuanced role, but it’s a fun ride and especially enjoyable if you like seeing Mads Mikkelsen shirtless.RELATED: Mads Mikkelsen & Jonas Åkerlund Interview: PolarCharlie Countryman might not be the height of cinema, but Mikkelsen plays a charismatic bad guy that will make you swoon a little despite yourself. This film also stars Evan Rachel Wood and Shia LaBeouf. Mikkelsen plays Nigel, a dangerous and rather violent man. While Mikkelsen is by all accounts a very likable and kind man in real life, he sure does know how to play a villain. It must be something to do with his look; we hope he doesn’t stop taking on the bad guy roles here and there because he knows how to create a likable, horrifying villain.RELATED: Mads Mikkelsen Walked Out of Fantastic Four Movie AuditionWhile Mikkelsen has been a well-known figure in Europe for a while now, he didn’t completely break into more of a mainstream audience in the United States until after Hannibal. With franchises like Marvel now under his belt, he’s definitely doing pretty well. Kaecilius is the main villain in Doctor Strange, and if you want to see Mikkelsen performing time-bending, reality-altering stunts and fights opposite Benedict Cumberbatch, his performance as Kaecilius is perfect for you.In this film, Mikkelsen showed that he could hold his own alongside some very popular actors and actresses; he also gets a chance to play a super villain this time, which he’s very well-suited for.Mikkelsen’s role as Le Chiffre was the first time U.S. audiences really learned of Mikkelsen and what he had to offer. This movie really kicked off what Mikkelsen fans have noticed—that he tends to take on a lot of roles where one of his eyes is damaged. Playing a truly sadistic banker, Le Chiffre dies in the end, but Mikkelsen’s performance showed new fans what he was capable of on camera. This movie also showed another trend of many of Mikkelsen’s roles, he is often capturing other people or being captured and tied up himself.RELATED: Every James Bond Movie Ever, Ranked Worst To BestThe Hunt is a little different than many of the other roles on this list, but Mikkelsen brings a powerful, emotionally intense performance here that you won’t want to miss. The Hunt is a Danish film and earned Mikkelsen the Best Actor Award at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. In this film, Mikkelsen doesn’t play a villain but instead is a mild-mannered father and teacher who gets accused of sexually assaulting his students. It’s a heavy film, and it will show you Mikkelsen’s acting range and abilities that go way beyond just playing over-the-top serial killers and supervillains.RELATED: Hugh Dancy Says Hannibal May Return in 'Four or Five Years'Arctic is another film that was just recently released. Mikkelsen carries this entire film on his shoulders as he is the only actor in it who has any dialogue. Arctic tells the story of a man stranded in the arctic who ends up having to try and save a severely injured helicopter pilot. This role is a perfect showcase of Mikkelsen’s ability to show emotion and tell a story just by micro-expressions on his face. He doesn’t talk much in this film, and the movie is an intense survival story. Yet, somehow he manages to bring a performance that will have you on the edge of your seat.This might not be Mikkelsen’s biggest or most significant role, but it sure is an awesome one. Mikkelsen played the accountant, also referred to as the "b**ch, in Rihanna's music video" for "B*tch Better Have My Money." Seeing Rihanna tie Mikkelsen up is a hilarious delight. Mikkelsen was the perfect fit for this role, and, to be honest, it would be great to see him in more music videos or funny situations like this. Clearly, Mikkelsen doesn’t mind roles where he has to be tied up, so this music video situation was right on theme for him.RELATED: MBTI® Of TV's Hannibal CharactersGalen Erso is a complex character. He’s not completely a villain or completely a hero. He might have helped create the Death Star, but he also was the person who made it possible to stop the weapon, in the end. The one thing he definitely is, however, is a caring father. This role allowed Mikkelsen to show more of his softer side, and it was also great to see him break into another large franchise. While, sadly, this is yet another movie where Mikkelsen plays a character who dies in the end, Galen Erso and the relationship between him and his daughter, Jyn, gave the movie a lot of heart and relatability.NEXT: Rogue One Writer Wants Disney to Pull Star Wars License Away From EA
Tags:
hannibal
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Legendary gaming giant Sega recently announced that it is interested in bringing back some of its classic franchises and returning to AAA game development. Exciting news indeed, as the company has a number of excellent IP that have been collecting dust for years, decades in some cases. Most of us figured that the Sega we all knew and loved-- the Sega of the Genesis, of dominating arcades in the '90s-- would forever be in the past after focus to the mobile gaming market a few years back. This recent development is a reason to be optimistic that maybe Sega can return to greatness if it brings back the right franchises in the right way.However, Sega certainly shouldn't bring all of its franchises back. For every one that deserves a reboot, there's at least one other that is best left to history. Maybe it just wouldn't work in a modern context, maybe there are just too many other games like it, or maybe it's a franchise that simply was never as good as we thought it was and should just stay untainted in our rose-colored memories. Getting reboots that we only think we wanted but shouldn't have asked for can lead to disasters like Golden Axe: Beast Rider.Here are 8 Sega Franchises That Need To Come Back (And 7 That Don't).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIt's hard to say exactly why arcade-style racing games fell out of favor, but over the last 15 years or so the genre has slowed to a trickle. It was once one of the most prolific categories in video games, and few companies were more representative of the genre's golden age than Sega. While OutRun has managed to stay around longer than most, the majority of Sega's racing game franchises have been stuck with four flat tires for much of the current millennium.Daytona USA is the perfect candidate for a revival. The positive buzz around the upcoming indie racer Racing Apex, a game deliberately done in the vein of Daytona USA and other Sega racers, only proves that there is still an audience for those types of games. Further evidence that there is still a market for Daytona USA is that, despite how niche arcades have become and how little space most of them have, there are still a fair amount of four-unit Daytona USA machines up and running to this day.The game's 25th anniversary is next year-- seems like the perfect opportunity for a reboot.Crazy Taxi is the perfect arcade game-- simple to pick up, difficult to master, and an absolute blast in five-minute bursts. When the concept is stretched out much further than that, it tends to lose its luster, which is what made the various home ports and direct-to-console sequels feel a little less special than the arcade original. The whole setup is also just a bit simplistic for a AAA video game released in the late-2010s, which makes the prospect of a new Crazy Taxi not especially appealing.Another huge issue is licensing. One of the things that made the original such a blast was all of the real-world stores and restaurants that served as taxi stops, and those were all cut out in favor of generic locations for later ports to PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade, which sucked a lot of the fun out of it. Even if they were able to get a bunch of companies on board for a new game, product placement just isn't as novel in 2017 as it was in 1998. It's basically a no-win situation in terms of making a new Crazy Taxi feel the same as the original did.Sega's "other" light gun franchise, the one that doesn't involve zombies, is the less popular Virtua Cop. Unlike its much more prolific counterpart, VC got a part two pretty quickly and then languished in obscurity for nearly seven years before its third-- and so far final-- game was released exclusively to arcades. It deserves much better.As one of the first polygonal light gun games-- and shooters in general-- Virtua Cop not only paved the way for other 3D light gun titles like Time Crisis but also influenced first-person shooters. The developers of the landmark FPS Goldeneye 007 have stated that the game was basically their attempt at taking many of the innovations of VC and applying them to an FPS. Guns with only seven bullets, a reload button, having to avoid shooting innocents, different animations depending on where characters were shot, and an aiming mode-- all of these are now mainstays of the entire genre that we take for granted.Whether a VC comeback means maintaining the series' on-rails roots, following the progression to an FPS, or just bringing Virta Cop 3 home finally, the series should definitely get another shot at the blockbuster success it deserves.When it came to Sega light gun games, House of the Dead was the clear winner in the public's eyes. The game has gone on to over a dozen sequels and spin-offs, including the ingenious The Typing of the Dead. It also got a great modern reboot in the form of House of the Dead: Overkill, which re-imagined the franchise with a more distinct '70s grindhouse movie vibe.Between already having a fairly recent reboot, and pop culture in general being a bit over-saturated with zombie stuff-- video games being no exception-- there isn't any reason for Sega to have House of the Dead in its upcoming roster of new games. Again, it would run the risk of once again overshadowing a new Virtua Cop, which would be history just unfairly repeating itself. It's time to let the forgotten Sega gun game have a chance in the spotlight, and to give us a break from yet another game involving zombie killing.Consoles used to famously release games near the end of their lifespans that pushed the limits of what their hardware could do. While they were no match visually for the SNES' beautiful Donkey Kong Country series, Sega's impressive Vectorman Genesis games still looked fantastic for their time and gave Sega fans who were still sticking with the 16-bit workhorse a few more cutting-edge action titles to enjoy in the mid-90s.For a brief period, it looked as though Sega was going to revive Vectorman during its early years as a third-party publisher, with a planned reboot game for PlayStation 2 (pictured above). Unfortunately, Sega was attempting to take the more lighthearted vibe of the original games and change it to be yet another gritty action game-- and one that was a little too obvious in its attempt to look like Halo. The response was justifiably harsh.While Sega was smart to listen to the barrage of criticism and cancel that particular game, it also spelled the end for the Vectorman franchise overall. A new Vectorman game could definitely work, even in 3D, but it needs to be more Ratchet & Clank than Halo.It used to be a necessity that every video game company have a "mascot"; a character that served as the face of the company's brand and, in many cases, also starred in their own series of games. Before Sega hit on Sonic the Hedgehog, which became one of the only characters in gaming history to ever actually make Nintendo nervous, its mascot was the cute star of the Alex Kidd games.While there were only a couple of Alex Kidd adventures, with the character and his franchise really only lasting a few years, it's easy to see why Sega would be tempted to bring him back as the company digs deeper into its history for revival prospects. Character-driven action games have been on the upswing in recent years, with other niche platformers from yesteryear like Giana Sisters, Putty Squad, and Rocket Knight getting modern HD makeovers. Alex Kidd doesn't need to join that trend.If Sega really wants a piece of that niche platformer revival market, there are much more deserving games-- Ristar, Kid Chameleon, or one of their their great 16-bit Disney games, just to name a few better candidates.In its short life, the Dreamcast was responsible for a ridiculous number of great games that made it one of the most beloved consoles of all time despite essentially only being around for two years. That era saw Sega firing on all cylinders creatively, trying crazy things and making games that were innovative and interesting even if they weren't guaranteed mega-hits.One of the best examples of this was Jet Set Radio-- called Jet Grind Radio in North America-- a game with striking cel-shaded visuals all about rollerblading around a huge city, doing tricks, avoiding cops, and tagging walls. Thanks to Sega's arcade roots, it was also astonishingly easy to play, allowing players to do a variety of actions and maneuvers without the need for overly complex controls. It only ever got one true sequel before being put on indefinite hiatus along with a lot of Sega's other less-mainstream franchises when the company hit lean financial times in the mid-2000s.With open-world games all the rage these days, it's as good a time as any for Sega to bring back a game that's all about traversing a large metropolitan area at ones own pace while accomplishing fast, fun objectives.Some games, while great, are of a very specific time and place. Nights Into Dreams is such a game. It was one of the Sega Saturn's bright spots, a bizarre yet magical alternative to the more traditional platform games that PlayStation (Crash Bandicoot) and Nintendo 64 (Super Mario 64) were offering at that time. People initially didn't really know what to make of it. Is it a flying game or a platformer? Is it 2D, 3D, or both? Why are the time limits so strict? And what's up with the grading system? But once people put in the time and peeled away the game's multiple layers, many found it to be an incredibly rewarding experience that is among its generation's most innovative adventures.Why shouldn't it make a comeback? Its disappointing 2007 Wii sequel proved that the concept just didn't seem to hold up beyond its original game. The first game offered up a type of for-its-time magic that can't be repeated. There's nothing wrong with that necessarily, but it doesn't make for a game that lends itself to making a big modern comeback. As its title suggests, Nights is perhaps left to our nice dreams of it.There's a commonly held belief that the Saturn couldn't really handle 3D visuals very well. An interesting theory, since one of its launch games-- Panzer Dragoon-- was a 3D dynamo. The game, and its stellar first sequel, not only played amazingly but showcased one of gaming's most unique, original worlds. In fact, such an interesting universe almost seemed somewhat wasted on just being used for on-rails shooting games. So Sega decided that the third installment, Panzer Dragoon Saga, should be an epic 3D RPG that featured the flight-based combat of the first two games, wrapped within one of the best role-playing games of all time.Unfortunately, Saga wasn't released until the Saturn had already begun its commercial nosedive, and the game never really had a chance to get the audience it deserved. The next-- and so far, final-- Panzer Dragoon game for Xbox was great, but disappointingly returned to the non-RPG, standard shooter style of the first two installments. An HD remake of Saga will always be at the top of most gamers' wish lists, and most of us would happy enough just to get that. A new, true Saga follow up would be even better.There is nothing wrong with having fond childhood memories of games that are actually awful. The problem is when you reach adulthood and you aren't willing to admit that some of the bad games you used to love, aren't actually very good.The first step is admitting you have a problem. The second step is admitting that Altered Beast is, and always has been, a terrible game. It's slow, it's clunky, it's boring, and it's short (even for a late-80s arcade game). Worst of all, the only redeeming feature of the game-- the man-to-beast transformations-- is really only cool the first time you see it. That they were already reusing beast forms just with different colors, even though the game is only about 20 minutes long, is inexcusable.There was a 2005 reboot attempt for PlayStation 2 that was only released in Europe and Japan but never came to North America due to lack of interest--and more importantly, quality. That seems like a fitting place to leave this franchise indefinitely.In 1995, the 3D era of video gaming was well underway with the introduction of the new wave of consoles and more capable computer hardware. Many of the games on largely 2D systems began to emulate the trend, resulting in games like Vectorman that tried to replicate a 3D look within a 2D game.All of this made that year's Comix Zone all the more refreshing, as it not only stayed distinctly two-dimensional, but also wore it like a badge of honor in a unique way. The game is set up to take place within the pages of a comic book come to life, as the hero has to move from panel to panel, bad guys can be kicked so hard it causes the "page" to rip, and a hand appears to literally draw the enemies into the scene. It's a visual setup that could really shine with today's technology, especially if it retains the original's hand-drawn look.The animation in games like Rayman Origins and the upcoming Cuphead prove that games really can look like living comic books and cartoons now, and Comix Zone would be able to look the way it was always truly intended to.A fighting game that debuted on consoles and wasn't an arcade port was a fairly rare thing in the early-90s, but that's yet another trail blazed by Sega with the Genesis title Eternal Champions. While it lacked the polish and balance of Street Fighter II, EC was still a solid fighter with a unique time-spanning setup and diverse cast of characters. Sega CD follow-up Challenge from the Darkside upped the ante with gory, elaborate finishing moves that put Mortal Kombat to shame. A third game was reportedly in the works for the Saturn, but axed when the system's popularity began to decline. It would be the last the world saw of the EC series.While it's too bad that EC doesn't appear on many Sega retro compilations, it's probably for the best that the franchise stays in the past. The fighting game genre isn't as prolific as it once was and can't sustain nearly as many separate franchises, and a new EC game would likely just get overlooked. Plus, its more fantastical characters probably wouldn't translate the best to more modern makeovers anyhow.Sure, Streets of Rage bites so much off of Final Fight that Capcom probably should've sued Sega. Considering that Streets of Rage 2 is the best beat-em-up of all time, it's almost irrelevant where it drew its inspiration. Beat-em-ups have had a rocky transition into 3D and very few to this day have gotten it right, so it's not hard to see why Sega has been reluctant to revive its acclaimed series.Like Vectorman, a 3D reboot was planned at one point but was eventually cancelled. Perhaps Sega saw how poorly games like Final Fight: Streetwise fared and decided it was better not to bother. Ironically, though, Sega is actually one of the few companies who does know how to do 3D beat-em-ups right, being the people behind the incredibly fun Dynamite Deka series-- North American gamers will know the series better as Die Hard Arcade and Dynamite Cop.They've already got a solid foundation to work with in bringing SoR into 3D. They could also just go the Double Dragon Neon route with a retro/modern 2D game. Either way, we need a new Streets of Rage already.A lot of potential Sega reboots of classic franchises never made it passed the planning phases in the 2000s. Considering how Golden Axe: Beast Rider turned out, it's easy to see why--there's the potential for them to go so, so badly. How Beast Rider is the one that made it to store shelves is a mystery, but one can only assume that the cancelled ones were just that much worse. Focusing entirely on female warrior Tyris Flare--and going with the trend of the time of making her absurdly under-dressed and having a camera that was more concerned with always having the ideal butt shot rather than a good view of the action--Beast Rider was a misguided attempt to re-imagine a fun swords-and-dragons romp as a hyper-violent, hyper-sexual, hyper-generic affair.Did Beast Rider retroactively make the entire series bad? Of course not. The original Golden Axe games rightfully remain classics. And while Rider shouldn't forever be the franchise's swan song, the series also shouldn't get a second chance at a modern reboot when so many Sega franchises still haven't had a first. Give some others a chance at their own comeback before Golden Axe gets to redeem itself.It might seem hard to believe, but the rebooted Ninja Gaiden series is now almost as old as the original series was when the first reboot was released. Meanwhile, Shinobi has barely had a presence at all in the past twenty years, and its attempt at a 3D reboot in 2002 and a 2D reboot in 2011 were both admirable attempts that ultimately felt short of the series' former glory.Not only were the 16-bit Shinobi games some of Sega's best of the era, they remain some of the best action games ever made, period. They were slower, more methodically-paced games than their action game peers of the time, suggesting some early examples of stealth gameplay and cover mechanics. As such, most fans would probably rather see a reboot that has more in common with Tenchu than the modern Ninja Gaiden games, as those tend to be pulse-pounding slash-fests. Ninja games of recent years seem to have largely lost any semblance of stealth and precision, and Shinobi could be just the game to bring that back.Shinobi was always better than Ninja Gaiden in the early days. It's time for it to be better in the present day, too.---What Sega game do you most want to see revived? Let us know in the comments! Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
DC Comics has given us some of the most timeless and recognizable villains of our modern age. Because most of DC's superheroic characters are essentially Gods, the bad guys in their stories have to be equally terrifying. Batman's rogues gallery alone boasts names like the Joker, the Riddler, the Penguin, Catwoman, and Mr. Freeze, all of whom have been adapted into countless live-action and animated versions.In our current age of cinema it seems like every time we turn around there's another big budget superhero movie looming on the horizon, and so we're being treated to more and more live-action renditions of our favorite DC villains. Sometimes directors choose to stick very closely to the source material, and sometimes they take the characters into uncharted territory. Sometimes that works out, sometimes it really does not.Here are 8 Villains DC Movies Get Right (And 8 They Get Totally Wrong).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewBecause his backstory has been so varied over the years of Superman's comic history, and because he's still a well-known name due to his appearances in the original Christopher Reeves films, it made sense to have General Zod be Superman's first adversary in Zack Snyder's reboot.In the comics, General Zod is overconfident, irrational and violent. In Man of Steel, General Zod is overconfident, irrational and violent. His costume and army are perfect, and his plan to turn the Earth into a new Krypton is simple enough that it doesn't require too much exposition.The film suffered from a ton of other flaws, including Superman letting his father die and then killing the main villain, his being moody and depressed the whole time, and just generally not acting like Superman, but Michael Shannon's intense portrayal of Zod was one of the things that helped save it from being a total wreck.The fact that someone thought it would be a good idea to cast Jesse Eisenberg as the latest incarnation of Superman's arch nemesis still boggles the minds of millions of fans and critics around the world. If it were just his appearance that was off, it could have been forgiven. The red hair does actually have comic book roots dating back to the character's most early incarnation (it wasn't shoulder-length, but whatever), and going with a smaller, scrawnier version as opposed to the typical tall and muscular portrayal also may not have been such a terrible thing.What didn't work was taking the typically calm, cool, methodical workings of a man who is supposed to be Superman's intellectual rival and turning them into something that more closely resembled The Mad Hatter from Batman's villain collection. His plan is a mess, his motivations are everywhere and nowhere, and at the end it's implied that he's subservient to some greater villain. Lex Luthor is subservient to no one.Thankfully, Batman v Superman was not the only time we've gotten to see Lex Luthor on the silver screen, and his other iterations have been generally well executed. As both a standalone Superman story and a spiritual sequel to the original first two Superman films, Bryan Singer's oft-forgot Superman Returns is surprisingly delightful.In it, Kevin Spacey portrays a Lex Luthor who has spent time and jail and lost his fortune, all thanks to Superman, and so he has had to dive to some pretty disgusting depths (which include marrying a dying old lady for her inheritance) in order to find the resources to enact his latest scheme, which is to replace the United States with an entirely new continent that he will control.It works because Lex never once loses his cool. He treats his inferiors just as that, inferior. His hatred and jealousy of Superman are always well represented.The "Emerald Twilight" arc in which Parallax was first introduced was one of the saddest Green Lantern stories, and indeed one of the saddest superhero tales ever told. It came after years of history that dated back to the Silver Age of comics of Hal Jordan and culminated in his meltdown and subsequent killing spree. We were then introduced to Parallax, an entity that used his fear fear and grief to turn him into a villain.In the 2011 film, in between liberal use of CGI, Parallax was introduced as an ugly cloud of smoke that used to be a Guardian who had good intentions and... something about yellow. There are other examples of films rushing storylines without letting their universes build, but this one is probably the laziest. It's always fun to watch Ryan Reynolds be goofy, though.You'd have thought that after the disastrous Fantastic Four sequel, film studios would have stopped attempting to portray cosmic villains as gaseous entities.Tim Burton's 1989 smash hit Batman was one of the films that showed audiences that live-action iterations of superheroes could be taken seriously.While the film's version of the Caped Crusader may not have been the most comic book accurate incarnation of the character, Jack Nicholson's take on the Joker has become one of his defining roles. Many of the most iconic scenes and tropes were lifted directly from the pages of the comic books, such his laughing gas (which makes his victims laugh to death) and his penchant for announcing his plans on hi-jacked television airwaves.The only new addition to the mythos was giving the Joker a concrete origin story and a name: Jack Napier. That name was recently adapted into comics for the first time in the ongoing "White Knight" limited series written by Sean Murphy.On the day of the 75th anniversary of the Joker's first appearance in comic books, we got our first look at what the Clown Prince of Crime would be in the DCEU. It was... confusing. Covered in tattoos and sporting a row of metal teeth, he looked more like some punk rock teenager who stumbled into a life of crime and never grew out of it than the terrifying clown anarchist who was supposed to be a worthy adversary to the World's Greatest Detective.But we were patient. We trusted in David Ayer and Jared Leto to give us something special. During Suicide Squad's production run, we got all kinds of behind-the-scenes stories about Jared Leto's antics, all leading up to some career-defining performance. What we ultimately got was a caricature that more resembled a villain from Saturday morning cartoons than anything truly menacing, and with a total screen time of roughly 15 minutes, he could have been entirely cut out of the movie and it would have made little difference.Before Jared Leto ever donned the (highly-stylized version of the) purple suit, we were unsure about another actor putting on the Joker's duds. When it was announced that Heath Ledger would be playing the iconic villain in the heavily anticipated sequel to Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins, the comic book community was more than a little skeptical.It hardly needs to be said that, though Ledger tragically passed away before the release of The Dark Knight, his portrayal has become one of the defining versions of the character, and indeed the bar against which most modern comic book movie villains are measured.Between blowing up hospitals and betraying and killing the people who hired him (all classic Joker tropes), this bad guy takes Batman on a ride that ultimately forces him to spend 8 years hated and reviled by the public of Gotham. This film was truly a shining moment for the Clown Prince of Crime.The Lucifer Morningstar from DC Comics is a winged angel who's bored with his time ruling over Hell. He eventually quits that job entirely and leaves the whole place to Morpheus (The Sandman). The the Devil moves to Los Angeles and opens a piano bar so he can attempt to live out his days in leisure.The Lucifer in Constantine resembles this character in no way, except perhaps the white color of his suit. For some reason he's covered in black goo and tattoos, and he more closely resembles a loan shark than the ruler of the underworld. In fact, it seems like the only reason he's in the movie at all is to save Constantine from death, because the writers wrote themselves into a corner.While Peter Stormare's brief appearance in the film is exceptional, it's just not right for Constantine.He's not Batman's smartest adversary, nor is he is most realistic or even his most recognizable, but since the '80s, Waylon Jones, AKA Killer Croc, has been a mainstay in Batman comics and has made appearances in many of the Dark Knight's properties.Jones was born with a rare (fictional) genetic disorder which gave him scaly skin and sharp teeth and, as he grew, gave him more and more reptilian characteristics, which eventually included regenerative abilities and cannibalism. Over the years, he's gone through various incarnations which have often left him feeling regret for his actions. During his time with the Suicide Squad, he's even flirted with heroism.Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje gave us a surprisingly nuanced as well as comic book accurate take on the character in Suicide Squad. Though he doesn't talk much, he's fittingly menacing, and his platonic relationship with Katana is a genuinely heartwarming addition to an otherwise uneven film.For everything they did right in Suicide Squad, they got something else oh so wrong. June Moone was not only the worst archaeologist ever (she found an ancient artifact and her first instinct was to purposely break the thing) but her alter-ego, the Enchantress, was given a power set that made very little sense.She was a God, or something, and she could turn people into the putties from Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, and she needed to shoot a giant beam into the sky, and she had a brother who seemed to be a lot more powerful than her but was somehow just a lackey, and she was weak against friendship.This was just another example of films taking characters with years of backstory and buildup and relegating them to one-dimensional positions just to fill a plot necessity. Had June Moone perhaps been given a spot on the Squad and allowed to actually interact with the other members, the film may have worked better in general.On the one hand, Amanda Waller's plan to recruit a collection of the world's most dangerous super criminals into a government-controlled team to fight bad guys seemed way too ludicrous to ever be taken seriously by anyone, much less an entire security council. On the other, Viola Davis played this version of Amanda Waller so well that it was hard not to believe that this woman was capable of getting away with almost anything.In the comics, Waller is the kind of shadowy villain you love to hate, acting just well enough within the parameters of the law that heroes like Batman are often forced to leave her be. The film portrays this perfectly, with Bruce Wayne offering her a vague threat during the post-credits scene but ultimately leaving her to her devices. Thankfully she wasn't killed off, so we can expect more of Viola Davis' excellent portrayal in the upcoming sequel.Wonder Woman may be the best thing to come out of the DCEU thus far, but that doesn't mean that it's without its shortcomings. Specifically, the third act all feels a little bit manufactured to suit the demands of a public who had not been kind to the rest of DC's burgeoning film universe.Enter Ares, Wonder Woman's arch enemy from the comic books. The reveal that he actually had been working from behind the shadows to manipulate mankind into constantly fighting each other felt a bit... lackluster. The final fight saw the villain killed off in typical fashion in a manner of minutes; yet another classic villain relegated to nothingness to service a plot.Then, of course, there was the mustache. The makers of Justice League worked so hard to remove Henry Caville's mustache for his portrayal of Superman in the film's reshoots. Why couldn't they have done the same thing for David Thewlis?The Wachowskis' adaptation of the widely acclaimed graphic novel V for Vendetta wasn't perfect. No, Alan Moore did not give it his stamp of approva. He even went so far as to request to remain unaccredited as an inspiration for the V for Vendetta film, but Alan Moore doesn't like any adaptation of his work.Truthfully, even though many of the characters and a lot of the political subtext was changed, and even though the main villain didn't go by the same name he went by in the comic book, he still served as a worthy antagonist for Hugo Weaving's V. Sutler was the kind of villain you could really love to hate by the end of the film, which earned numerous awards nominations and accolades.Yes, the name change from Adam Susan to Adam Sutler (a combination of Susan and Hitler) was a little bit on the nose, but it served the merciless dictator well and didn't take anything away from the portrayal. It helped that the late John Hurt brought magic to every role he tackled.There is nothing funny or goofy about the comic book incarnation of Two-Face. Harvey Dent (whose name in his first appearance was Harvey Kent, but it was later changed to avoid any perceived relation to Superman) was a district attorney who tried his very best to take down Gotham's criminal underworld.In the film Batman Forever, we were given a farm more comical take by famed actor Tommy Lee Jones. Where Batman and Commissioner Gordon often feel pain and heartache due to the loss of their dear friend Harvey Dent to madness, the film completely ignores this aspect of all three characters.To make things worse, where in the comics Two-Face is completely bound to the outcome of his coin flips, Jones' portrayal saw the character flipping his coin multiple times in order to receive his desired outcome. It may have been okay for the 1960s cartoon, but the film franchise had initially set out to remove that corniness from Batman's villains.While the Scarecrow has had various motivations and larger aspirations over the years, his end goal tends to be the same: dose as many people as possible with his trademark fear toxin and watch the panic unfold.That's why his role in Christopher Nolan's now classic Caped Crusader reboot Batman Begins works so well. Jonathan Crane is slowly introduced as a psychiatrist on the mob's payroll, but he is ultimately revealed to be in the employ of the film's villain Ra's al Ghul, whose only goal is Gotham's destruction. What weapon does he choose to use? Crane's fear toxin.It's a shame that Crane didn't have a larger role in the film's two sequels, although having him serve as the judge and jury in Bane's mock court in The Dark Knight Rises definitely seemed in line with something the character would find himself doing in the comics.The comic book incarnation of Bane has stood the test of time as one of the only villains to have ever broken Batman, both figuratively and literally. At a time when Bruce Wayne was all but spent, Bane unleashed a physical and psychological attack so devastating that the Dark Knight could barely throw a punch by the time they finally came face to face.Joel Schumacher decided for some reason that keeping any of Bane's hyper intelligence, tragic backstory, and complicated motivations wouldn't service Batman & Robin, so he instead turned the character into Poison Ivy's lackey. The character retained his mask and his brute strength, but that was about it. He was relegated to an nonspeaking, unthinking buffoon.Thankfully, we eventually got to see a proper adaptation in Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises. But for those who had waited so long to see the character in live action only to be so sorely disappointed, this one still stings.---Are there any other villains that were ruined or respected by DC films? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
On Sunday evening, a 14-year-old girl in Mississippi was shot and killed by her younger brother following a dispute over video games. Authorities believe the 9-year-old boy became angry when his sister refused to give the video game controller back to him. He reportedly went into another room in their house, retrieved a .25-caliber handgun from a nightstand, and fatally shot his sister in the back of the head.The girl has been identified by police as Dijonae White, a student at Tupelo Middle School. Following the incident, White was taken to Le Bonheur Children's Hospital in Memphis, where she passed away around 6:45pm on Sunday night. White's mother was reportedly in the kitchen at the time of the incident, feeding three or four of her children. As of this report, police aren't certain how the young boy knew about the handgun or its whereabouts, but the weapon allegedly belonged to the mother's live-in boyfriend. It's not immediately clear if the boy knew about the potential danger or consequences of his actions.Related: Games for Change Debuts Video Response to White House’s Violent Gaming ReelThe case echoes a number of high-profile incidents over the years involving video games and violence. In 1990, an 11-year-old named Cameron Kocher reportedly shot and killed a girl who lived in his neighborhood after a fight over Nintendo's "Spy Hunter." In 2007, an Ohio teenager named Daniel Petric allegedly shot and killed both his parents after they confiscated his copy of "Halo 3". Earlier this year, 28-year-old Matthew Nicholson shot and killed his mother after a fight over a video-game headset.The TPSD says Dijonae White will be missed by everyone at school. More tonight on @WCBINEWS pic.twitter.com/jNX3ftu6tRAccording to Sheriff Cecil Cantrell, the case falls into hazy legal territory considering the unidentified boy's age. "There’s a lot of difference between a 9-year-old and a 19-year-old,” he said, suggesting the crime would show intent if had been committed by an adult.  “Between a 9-year-old and a 6- or 7-year-old, there’s not a lot of difference.”"The juvenile court will be in charge of what happens with him at this point," Cantell told The Clarion Ledger. "I think this is new ground for them, also."Cantrell isn't sure whether the boy meant to kill or even hurt his sister. "In my opinion, kids watch video games where they shoot each other and hit the reset button and they come back to life. It's not like that in the real world. I’m not saying that’s necessarily what happened, but kids now are different than what they were when we were growing up."Because of the boy's age, Cantrell says investigators would be taking the investigation slow. "I’m not too fast to say anything because there are juveniles involved. We want to do what’s right and we’re going to get it right."The news comes on the heels of President Donald Trump's plan to "do something" about violent video games following the massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida."We have to look at the Internet," Trump said at a White House meeting this February, "because a lot of bad things are happening to young kids and young minds and their minds are being formed, and we have to do something about maybe what they’re seeing and how they’re seeing it."He continued: "I’m hearing more and more people say the level of violence on video games is really shaping young people’s thoughts."Despite Trump's assertions, researchers have been unable to find a direct link to video game violence and mass shootings.More: Rhode Island Might Start Taxing ‘Violent’ Video GamesSources: The Clarion Ledger, NY TimesSubscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
If you looked up “guilty pleasure” in a realistic dictionary, you’d find 90 Day Fiancé: Before the 90 Days. As TLC’s hottest spinoff series, Before the 90 Days is a beautiful train wreck of new romance, dreams, international travel and of course, cringe-worthy drama. But like everything across the ever-expanding universe of reality television, not all is as it appears.When 90 Day Fiancé itself proved to be a huge success (seven seasons already!), TLC did what any network in its position tends to do—milk it for all it’s worth. Before The 90 Days is just the second show in a group of 90 Day spinoffs, but in a unique twist it acts as a prequel to the initial series. Following real-life couples that are trying to make an international relationship work, the show broadcasts their first in-person meetings as they hope to eventually pursue the famous 90-day K-1 visa that the first show built its premise on. As we’ve come to expect with shows focused on romantic relationships, there’s plenty to watch unravel.Between some tell-all social media posts from the cast members, surprising salaries and apparently having scripted scenes, it’s clear that the craziness of Before the 90 Days doesn’t stop once the cameras shut off. We’re still biting our nails in anticipation of a third season, but in the meantime, there’s plenty to learn about the show’s production and what the previous cast members are up to when they’re not being filmed.Here are 20 Behind-The-Scenes Faces About 90 Day Fiancé: Before The 90 Days:Click the button below to start this article in quick viewNot ringing any bells just yet? While TLC may be the name most commonly connected to the show, Sharp Entertainment is the actual producer of Before The 90 Days and other shows within the franchise. Nevertheless, viewers may also recognize reality and drama show titles like Man v. Food, Extreme Couponing, Secret Lives of Stepford Wives and My Crazy Obsession.Here's a fun fact: when Sharp Entertainment first pitched an international dating reality show to prospective networks, the concept was very different. The working title then was Bachelor Wars: Russia, producer Matt Sharp said in a 2017 Reality Life podcast interview, and the focus was then limited to men seeking immigrant brides through. Needless to say, there have since been quite a few changes. This is a good thing too, since we don't see great spinoffs like Before the 90 Days lasting very long (or even happening) without the appeal of cast members being from all around the globe.Before the 90 Days has been very good for TLC. While the first season was successful enough to merit a second season, the season two premiere on Sunday, August 5 of this year earned not just higher ratings than the first season but also the highest ratings in the entire history of the 90 Day franchise. As an added bonus, the season 2 premiere also helped propel TLC into the No. 1 spot among female viewers for a cable network on Sunday night. This is important, as reality shows tend to rely on key women demographics for their bread and butter. And as far as women ages 25-54, 18-49 and 18-34 go, Before the 90 Days premiere won out with all.Now, there's a widespread belief that TV ratings no longer matter with increasing amounts of viewers each year forgoing cable altogether. However, this is no longer true. Nielsen, the famous TV rating giant, started tracking viewership on online streaming services in late 2014, and just last year they added Hulu and YouTube TV (both of which stream Before the 90 Days) to their spectrum.How many is too many spinoff shows for a reality TV series? Whatever the limit is, TLC apparently feels they haven't reached it yet. Before the 90 Days is the second spinoff, following 90 Day Fiancé: Happily Ever Ever (which premiered in 2016) and preceding the exclusive digital spinoff series, 90 Day Fiancé: What Now? Nevertheless, the network announced this summer that yet another 90 Day spinoff will be added to the already robust lineup.With the working title, 90 Day Fiancé: The Other Way, the new show is meant to flip the original setup for the series on its head. While Before the 90 Days follows couples in the days that lead up to the K-1 Visa process, The Other Way will take an entirely different take on international couples—ones where the person from the US is the one who leaves everything behind to move to a new country for love. Not much else about the new series is known, but it will likely premiere next year based on the current patterns for the franchise.Speaking of air dates and patterns, as of now TLC still has not officially announced whether or not the network will run a third season of 90 Day Fiancé: Before the 90 Days. This does not necessarily mean that the show will stop running, but this is interesting considering the success of the most recent season, not to mention the fact that most networks readily announce the renewal of their TV shows in order to help maintain viewer interest. Still, TLC is no stranger to suspense.The network did not announce the renewal of all 90 Day Fiancé TV shows until January of this year, so it is very possible they are waiting until a similar time to reveal their plans for a Before the 90 Days season 3. In the meantime, fans still have the current season of 90 Day Fiancé to hold them over.Despite no official announcement for a third season having been made (yet), there is currently a casting call listed on TLC's website for new Before the 90 Days couples. The post specifically calls for men and women "who are currently in long distance relationships with someone(s) overseas & [sic] planning to meet them for the first time". The casting call also appears on backstage.com and asks for people between the ages of 18 and 65.No word yet on whether or not season one and two cast members Jesse Meester and Darcey Silva will be returning for the third time in a row. However, there has already been some speculation that Meester, now relocated to New York from the Netherlands, may be setting himself up for a season three with his new girlfriend (sorry, Darcey).Reality shows have never been known by the general public to be "all real", but it definitely seems like some are faker than others. Unfortunately, this seems to be the case with TLC, which has faced large amounts of criticism over the years. The network whose name once stood for "The Learning Channel" and was co-founded by NASA in the 1970s began switching its programming over to docuseries and reality shows as far back as the 1990s. By the early 2000s, much of its documentaries and shows designed to help viewers, well, learn something were a thing of the past.What exactly does this have to do with 90 Day Fiancé: Before the 90 Days? Everything. The show is far from the first one to face allegations of having scripted or at least heavily edited scenes, and reality showrunners themselves have declared that just about all of reality TV is at least staged or "soft-scripted". According to them, it's the drama created in these scenes that make for good TV, and it's what keeps viewers coming back. Multiple cast members of the 90 Day franchise have even come forward via social media to say that scenes are scripted. We're not saying that all of Before the 90 Days is scripted, mind you. However, given all of the evidence, a healthy dose of skepticism here should be in order.Fans of the show will have a hard time forgetting cast member Tarik Myers’ rap proposal on the beach to Hazel Cagalitan during season 2. Turns out Myers-- a.k.a. Dirt Dayoh-- is very serious about his rap career, and he even dropped a music video months after his stint on Before the 90 Days was aired. Released during the first weekend in December, “God Bliss Woman [sic]” was directed by his castmate Ricky Reyes and can be viewed on Myers' YouTube channel. No other castmates appear in the video.The music video's existence isn't all that surprising, however. Myers was revealed back in July to be an aspiring rapper who once released an entire album of tracks that pay tribute to Black Panther, while Reyes owns a small photography and videography production company based in Texas.This sounds unfair, but it's actually a situation that may be (mostly) justified. Matt Sharp, executive producer of Before The 90 Days and 90 Day Fiancé, has said that the show legally cannot pay people who do not hold green cards. Okay, so let's fact check this. It's true that U.S. employers can only legally compensate a non-U.S. citizen working for them if they hold a green card-- kind of. For those who don't yet hold green cards, other qualifying forms of work authorization for these employers include H, L, or O visa or even a specialized EAC or Employment Authorization Card. But of course, these forms of work authorization apply primarily to work that is actually performed on U.S. soil, and much of the filming done with foreign cast members on Before the 90 Days takes place abroad.But of course, there are perfectly legal ways to pay foreign workers in other countries. Production teams already need to follow local filming and labor laws wherever they are currently located, and they can pay foreign workers as long as appropriate tax laws for all countries involved are followed. In fact, here's an excellent article on how U.S. companies, in general, can legally compensate international workers (whether citizens or not). So, nice try, TLC and Sharp Productions, but it sounds like someone is just trying to take the easy way out.Since we just discussed how the non-U.S. citizens on are (not) compensated, let's take a look now at the citizens who are definitely supposed to be getting paid for their appearances. All of these main cast members are indeed getting paid, but it's worth noting that all friends and family members, along with random others, who appear on the show aren't getting squat. Still, this is no reason to start thinking all is well for the main cast members just yet.The cast members on Before the 90 Days reportedly earn between $500 and $1,000 per episode, while 90 Day Fiancé itself pays between $1,000 and $1,500. The other spinoffs that follow offer a slight raise from there, but it isn't much. In fact, some of the series' stars have taken to asking for money on social media to help soothe their financial woes. For anyone wondering, no, this isn't exactly a normal pay rate for popular reality TV shows.Who could forget Rachel Bear Walters and Jon Walters from season 2? Easily one of the healthiest relationships featured on the series so far, viewers got to watch the couple as they went from their first in-person meeting to being full-on engaged with the most amazing and emotional proposal ever. And as if that weren't enough to end their time on the show with a wonderful note, the couple finished it all off with a touching elopement ceremony. They even designed each other's wedding bands!Sadly, Jon's initial engagement ring that he gave to his bride was lost down a garbage disposal. He sent her a new one to replace it, but Rachel recently took to social media to reveal yet a third engagement ring from her now-husband and the reason behind it. Turns out that neither Jon nor Rachel felt much of a connection with the second ring, and so she is now wearing her great-grandmother's ring as a final replacement. Awww!Back in season 1, Sean Hiler was just a regular guy trying to take his long-distance relationship with his Haitian girlfriend, Abby St. Germain, to the next level. The two of them had a decent run but were still plagued by the drama of St. Germain's ex possibly still being in the picture. They broke up after the season had aired, and Hiler eventually took to social media to reveal that his issues have been primarily with the TV show, not with his ex.In a very open Instagram live session, Hiler said that Sharp Entertainment portrayed Abby in a much harsher light than deserved, saying that she has been harassed on the street as a result. His own experience has apparently not been much better, as he has said that the show's focus on their age difference has resulted in him being harassed.If you don't know who Darcey Silva is, you haven't been watching the show. This woman's relationship with the Dutch Jesse Meester has been one of the main sources of drama throughout seasons 1 and 2 of Before the 90 Days, but maybe that's because it's not exactly her first time on the reality TV circuit. She and her twin sister, Stacey, filmed a pilot for a reality show called Twin Life back in 2010. Watching the shreds that are still available on the internet, it's not really hard to see why the show didn't take off, but it's entertaining nonetheless. Oh, and you get to see Darcey's now ex-husband, Frank.But it doesn't stop there. Darcey (though possibly her twin sister) also appeared briefly on an episode of Millionaire Matchmaker, as a potential date for one of Patti Stanger's wealthy clients. Does Silva have a more extensive reality TV career ahead of her? Time will tell. In the meantime, it appears she and Meester have called it quits for good this time.Darcey Silva is far from the only cast member with a history of television appearances. Angela Deem is another woman who came onto the show to narrate her international relationship with a younger man, and she is also another cast member who has had prior appearances on reality TV. Deem has actually appeared on Maury not once, but twice. The first time was in 2015, and the second followed quickly after that in 2016. Both appearances on the show were alongside Deem's daughter, Scottie, and the focus of their segment each time was to question the paternity of Scottie's children.Will Deem appear on reality TV in the future? Possibly. She and her Nigerian boyfriend Michael Ilesanmi recently revealed that they are still in a relationship, so it might not be long until they show their faces to the 90 Day audience again.If you rose an eyebrow at either Silva or Deem's past reality appearances, you'll stand right up when you hear about Patrick Cornett. Fans of the show will remember how, in season 1, Cornett tragically journeyed more than 4,000 miles to France to meet his online girlfriend, Myriam, only to discover that she was already seeing someone else. Fortunately, Cornett managed to make lemonade out of lemons and stayed in France as planned to turn his experience into a vacation. Of course, it probably didn't hurt that it wasn't his first time on camera. Far from it!Cornett himself claimed on a Facebook post that he has appeared on five other reality TV shows in total (he later denied saying this, but a screenshot of his post has made its way around the internet). Nevertheless, his career outside of Before the 90 Days has been pretty impressive. He has auditioned for several reality shows, making it onto Steve Austin’s The Broken Skull Challenge. Hey, the guy is also a former MMA fighter.Back to our favorite king and queen of relationship drama, Jesse Meester and Darcey Silva. Viewers watched as their relationship finally reached its breaking point towards the end of season 2 (the shoe-throwing incident, anyone?), and the two called it quits in what seemed like the best decision the two of them had made in a long time. While the relationship is over, it seems that the two are still harboring some ill feelings toward each other.The toxic interaction has continued with their public statements about the show and their former relationship. In fact, things have gotten so bad that Meester has threatened via social media to take legal action against Silva if she does not stop bad-mouthing him publicly. Still, this is a little ironic, since Meester himself has had plenty of negative things to say about Silva in the months following their breakup. Oh well. Maybe they were meant for each other after all?It was pretty obvious throughout seasons 1 and 2 just how attached Karine Staehle née Martins is to her family and life in Brazil, but it didn't get in the way of her relationship with Paul Staehle, to whom she is now married. As revealed to fans on the season 2 Before the 90 Days Tell-All episode in October, the couple is currently expecting their first child. What wasn't revealed at the time, however, was the fact that the baby may be intentionally born in Brazil instead of the U.S.On December 1, Karine held a special Q & A session with fans on her Instagram account. Not only did the happy mom-to-be reveal that the baby boy will be named "Pierre" and is due in March, but she also said that she will likely stay in Brazil to have the baby because her mom will be there to help her. As for Paul, he is currently still in the United States because he is legally unable to work in Brazil right now. With only a little over three months before the arrival of his son, we hope he is reunited with Karine soon.Even those of us who enjoy watching reality TV shows often end up wondering why anyone in their right mind would actually agree to be on one. After all, reality stars face plenty of criticism from the public and can kiss their privacy goodbye. Still, there's at least one huge benefit that can come from being on 90 Day Fiancé: Before the 90 Days.The initial show, 90 Day Fiancé, is all about couples who have sought out and been approved for a K-1 visa, subsequently receiving just 90 days to get married or else the non-citizen will have to leave the United States. There are various requirements for this visa, but one of the big ones is that couples must have met in person at least once within two years before applying for the visa. It's a complicated process that usually necessitates the enlistment of an immigration attorney (executive producer Matt Sharp has even said that the show often finds new cast members through these attorneys). Since Before the 90 Days depicts multiple couples meeting for the first time, their appearance on the show itself fulfills this requirement and can be used as evidence. We'd call that a huge plus.Ricky. Ricky. Ricky. There has been a lot of drama surrounding Ricardo “Ricky” Reyes, starting with his getting stood up by internet girlfriend Melissa, continuing with his fast switch to Ximena, and ending with Ximena dumping him in anger. Oh, and then there's the other highly important news that Reyes was later revealed to still has a wife in the United States and was possibly just using the show as a means of promoting his business. Still, none of this is really out of the ordinary for good old-fashioned reality TV.Nevertheless, it's Reyes who has said that TLC took advantage of him and his background just for rating purposes. Even Reyes' wife has come forward and said that while she herself was not involved in the show, she knew he was going to Columbia. It appears that Reyes is ignoring the fact that he was still legally married the entire time, making him an ineligible partner for a potential K-1 visa holder anyway. How did this guy get on the show again?This show is all about foreign relationships that could lead to marriage (and many have ended up in exactly that). However, while much of the focus is on getting that 90-day, K-1 visa, little is actually said about the citizenship process that will eventually have to be tackled if the couple wants to stay in the U.S. Unfortunately for the hopeful foreign cast members, there's actually no guarantee that an engagement will lead to permanent residency.Prospective citizens have to be green card holders for at least three years before they can apply for naturalization, and green card holders through marriage have to “have been living in marital union with the same U.S. citizen spouse” during that time. So while this show may seem just like a fun international dating reality show, the underlying situation is quite serious. And no, TLC does not help facilitate the process.While it may seem crazy for someone to be in a long-term, online relationship with someone in another country, this is an increasingly common scenario. There are now thousands of dating apps and websites that allow people to connect with others all across the globe, and millions of people are using them. This has even launched a side industry of international “marriage brokers” who help arrange relationships between people looking for love leading to marriage in a new country.So is it a wise choice to start looking internationally in hopes of finding love and marriage? Possibly. In the entire 90 Day franchise, there have actually been relatively few divorces. If Before The 90 Days teaches us anything, it's that the path to pursuing love abroad is not necessarily an easy one. Couples must conquer not just legal issues but cultural differences, language barriers and of course, the distance. Still, if some people can do all that and handle having it all broadcast to the world via a reality show, maybe it really is true love.
Tags:
90 day fiance
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
There is nothing as glorious in the world as 90 Day Fiancé-- the show touches on love, conflict, and the cultures of the world through the lens of some of the most ill-adjusted and immature people that exist.So what we're saying is that it's a TLC show and we can't get enough of it. It isn't surprising that 90 Day Fiancé has a rabid fan base that clings to every update, social media post, and subtle nuance that TLC deems fit to feed to them.While the fan base does love the show, what they really love is the private lives of the cast; the odd happenings and shady histories of the cast members before they were taking up TV time every Sunday night.Trust us, there are some serious shady secrets and odd happenings that aren't broadcast on the kingdom of reality trash TV.From mugshots, plastic surgery, to siblings who want to steal their slightly more successful relative's spot on the show, the list goes on and on.As is the circle of life in the world of reality television; there is no depth unreachable or stoop low enough for the cast of stars that grace these hallowed grounds.These people will do whatever it takes for their fifteen minutes of fame, even if it means potentially marrying a foreigner that they've met on a less than reputable website that sends most of their income back to their family in their home country.Are you one of these true fans and are you sorely lacking on a steady injection of outrageous 90 Day cast photos in your life?Fear not, for we have rounded up the 20 Crazy Photos Of The Cast Of 90 Day Fiancé. So, grab your binders of text messages and buy all the baht you can, because it's time to get started.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIt is a personal dream of a lot of folks to be on the hallowed stage of The Price Is Right, trying to guess how many cents over a bottle of detergent is so that they can get a little bit closer to winning a wave runner that they don't need.However, there were two stars off of 90 Day Fiancé who guessed the detergent price, got that yodeler all the way to the summit, and nailed the Plinko drop, making it to the end and winning a brand new car.Alan and Kirlyam ended up on the stage with Drew, and ended up scoring a brand new car out of the deal. They both flipped out in the most adorable way, as people on the Price Is Right who win gas efficient compact cars are known to do.We would love to win a Hyundai, or anything really. Maybe we could get one of those snazzy kitchen furniture sets or a life supply of cat food.Please, we've spent all of our capital on 90 Day Fiancé DVDs, t-shirts, and other assorted memorabilia-- we'll take whatever we can get.In the end, Alan and Kirlyam ended up giving the car away, which of course they did because they seem like the nicest people on 90 Day Fiancé, and really the world at large.The world needs more Alan and Kirlyams, because we would definitely not give up a brand new car, especially if it was won in the estimation based struggle of The Price Is Right. We have a question that will separate the real 90 Day Fiancé fans from the pretenders: is that Darcy Silva above, and if so, who is the man that she is in the photo with? Explain your answer and show your work.No, but seriously, the resemblance between Darcy and her sister is astounding; could they be trying to look more and more like Darcy (aside from the obvious genetic link), in an attempt to score a spot on the next season of 90 Day Fiancé? No, they're twins, duh.Honestly, we wouldn't be that surprised, the girl doesn't seem to be doing much after a cursory glance at her social media profile.Seriously, the text of beside the original post is just a simple shout of their names, and the simple announcement of their engagement, complete with a heart and ring emoji.This is like chum in the water for the producers at TLC-- they smell a serious opportunity to have viewers pouring onto their channel to see if Stacey's fiancé makes her feel as uncomfortable as Jesse was able to make Darcy.That would be a serious feat; it's truly hard to break down the subsequent destruction and reconstruction of a personality by a controlling Dutchmen, but Before The 90 Days made it look easy.Can you look a little less slimy Mohammed? Maybe get fully in the shot so that it doesn't look like you're trying to creep into these girl's lives like a lonely mid 40s man from New Jersey who is scoping chicks from the bar at a club that he is clearly too old to be in.Remember when Danielle was geeking out because Mohammed was on vacation? These two ladies seem to be the reason why. If you were Danielle, we could see why you might be a little intimidated by Mohammed's two vacation friends, even if they both look a little overdone and cheesed out.It does really seem like Mohammed just slithered his way into the background though, from the mild cut off of the frame to the awkward smile, everything in his expression screams that he is not supposed to be there.That, and Danielle is at home freezing with her three daughters in their trailer in Sandusky, Ohio.At least Mohammed took it upon himself to get a bit warmer before he was going to head back. Hopefully he just brought her a little souvenir that wasn't an STI.Their tongues are very close to touching, although it seems like her tongue has a different idea than his, and her eyes look a bit less creepy.Hopefully their ideals are a little bit more coordinated than their tongues when it comes to their relationship.It's cute when you can grab a picture like this with your spouse, or your immigrant fiancé to be.Is he trying to keep his tongue contained, or is his tongue just that short? Also, why is she so eager to let hers loose? These are all questions that the 90 Day Fiancé fan base needs answered, and we're not willing to be left in the dark.Honestly, the season isn't long or in-depth enough for us to live happy lives. We need more answers to social media posts, more binders full of evidence, and more incomprehensible age gaps and  accents then we can shake a stick at. Really TLC, what are you doing?Why are you wasting your time or money on other shows-- other less excellent shows-- than 90 Day Fiancé? It doesn't make sense to us and it definitely doesn't make sense to you-- just stop cutting our happiness out and start airing it 24/7, 365 days a year. We need more fresh episodes and we need them now.Jorge isn't the first celebrity to have a mugshot, but he did somehow pull off looking the most spacey in his, if you know what we mean.Jorge was caught trying to move some 300 odd pounds of Mary Jane through Arizona up to his home state of California.Unfortunately, he didn't make it home, and was instead stopped by the cops. We don't blame him having to self medicate-- he does answer every beck and call for red makeup bags and screaming cell phone conversations because he doesn't check in every five minutes.It shouldn't come as much of a surprise, though, considering Jorge's history of working in the industry in California. However, it seems like Jorge ended up on the wrong side of the law this time, especially because what he was doing was 100% illegal.Maybe this is one of the main reasons that Anfisa skipped out (for the short time that she did at least), but no one can really be sure, considering her own shady past.Regardless, we hope Jorge can keep his toes on the right side of the line in the future, lest he end up in jail and off the next season of the best show on television.Does the person above look familiar to you? Mildly, but something is off, right?  You do know her, it's Chantel from 90 Day Fiancé and before you say anything, she is denying that she got any work done.It's more than obvious to anyone with eyeballs, but we're not trying to detract away from the work-- she looks good. The sad thing is, though, that she looked good before she got the work done, especially when she's hurling insults at Pedro's mother and sister in the hotel lobby of her wedding venue.Seriously, the family Chantel does not mess around.If the fight is coming, you best bring your chicken feet and schedule it out in the middle of the jungle, because then they won't show up. However, if you don't, they'll bring tiny cowboy hats and all the sass that you can handle, and trust us, it's more than you're expecting.With kids with names like River and Winter, you better be able to throw those fists the family Chantel, and if you can't, don't expect to ever have a happy wedding (not that your daughter and her Pedro did anyway).Everyone knows the sad story of Molly and her days on 90 Day Fiancé-- she brought back a scummy dude from the Dominican Republic who was more than a bit younger than she was.He felt out of place, and Molly did her best to keep her new man happy in the States.Molly's kids disliked him, and in term, her new significant other, Luis didn't really feel like he liked them that much either.Eventually, Luis was convinced that Molly worshiped Satan because she had owls in the house, and Molly told him to get out-- as is the way of life as it ebbs and flows through time for all of us.Once they were separated, their lives went their natural way-- Luis moved in with his cousins in New Jersey and got cornrows and Molly broke out and signed up for a guest spot with her brother's band.Now, as common sense would dictate, Molly's brother is rock or country, right? Well, Molly acted like she was showing up to a Run DMC audition, sporting Walmart shades and faux gang signs for your photo.Why, Molly, why?Seriously, though, where the heck did you get the money to buy a couple grand pair of shoes? Especially when you don't have a modeling career to stand on (ha, shoe jokes).However, really, Russ took a lower paying job for Paola to be able to pursue her modeling career, which doesn't actually exist.Between having an agent who is not actually trying to book gigs for you and having no name rappers tell her that she should divorce her husband and take off more of her clothes, the modeling world has not been kind to her.It also doesn't help that she dyes her hair every couple of hours.It's anyone's choice to dye their hair whenever they want to, but it was Paola's decision to dye her hair the same color as Ariel's from The Little Mermaid. Maybe this is why none of the modeling gigs call back?Also, Paola is convinced that she just has to nail that perfect hair color in order for her to get that take off modeling shoot.However, she's still buying those expensive heels, regardless of how her career is going. Better keep making that oil money Russ, because Paola is most definitely spending it.You may remember Patrick from Before The 90 Days-- he was the guy who went around Paris back flipping and making the girl he was visiting feel super uncomfortable by implying that her current boyfriend definitely wasn't as good as him, despite never having met him.Well now we know why-- he is shredded like McChicken lettuce.Seriously, with all the baguettes, brie, and bottles of wine in the city of love, you would figure that the guy would have put on some weight, especially as his romance started unraveling in front of his eyes. You would figure that she would have told him that she was already in another relationship, but we're guessing sweet, sweet TLC cash hushed her right up.Or, it didn't even take cash, just the promise of being on the best show currently on television. Or that she could have her very own circus clown to follow her around and do back flips off of stairs and architecture that's older than his country.Either way, "it is not kind" as Parisians like to say.It also seems odd that Patrick threw in the "snubbing your intimate being" thing-- it sounds like a guy who could really use that type of attention after being denied it during his euro vacation.It does not seem surprising that Abby has already found a new man-- the girl has a lingerie business to run, dang it.However, the fact that she broadcasts the fact that she is having panties smugglers escorting her around the island in droves and taking pictures of it to post to social media, seems like a pretty big snub to Chris and Sean.Unless the guy driving the car is Chris, then it's just a huge snub to Sean.It's not like he wouldn't deserve it or anything-- he was definitely a not a great guy when he was there, but she totally gave him a reason.What a strange, tangled web those two wove while they were together in Haiti, and how incredibly complicated that she continues to make it by tying men up in her silk.Speaking of silk, we wonder how her illicit underground women's under garments ring is going? She was making a pretty penny off of it when Sean was there, and Chris was before him-- it seems like there is a never ending supply of dry fifty something year old white men to help her run her lingerie cartel.Maybe she'll end up in another season, this time as the queen of the island atop a throne of panties.We're pretty sure that this is how Anfisa looks when no one else is around-- eyes rolled up and body turned off until a human with cash comes into her proximity.Really, though, we're pretty sure that she's possessed by the demon of greed considering her list for a successful man being cash, cash, and more cash.We haven't seen eyes roll up like that since The Exorcist, but Anfisa makes it look easy. Next time we see her, we're going to have to ask her what the inside of her head looks like, because her pupils are looking straight up into that empty space where her brain should be.We're pretty sure this is exactly what happens when Jorge doesn't bring her her red bag with her makeup or is able to pay for her extremely expensive tastes. Or when he gets caught trying to smuggle illicit substances through the country and gets caught in the process.This is probably the exact reaction that Anfisa had when TLC gave her the first pitch for her pay rate to be on the show; the eyes went up and they have yet to come back down.Sean is an odd duck, the proof being how he treats other human beings that he'd like to have relationships with, the people that they happen to be friends with, and the voodoo doctors that they go to see, even though Abby just has a rampant case of scabies that she picked up from her last pantie connect.Is it just us, or does Sean look more like he was crawling around in the dirt outside an ex's house?We don't know if it's the dirt on his face, the hatred in his eyes, or the fact that he's looking at his own camera like he wants to bury it under the house, but it's hard to imagine how Abby even pretended to act like she was in a relationship with a normal human being.We guess that Sean takes off the bead jewelry that he's been shilling when he does renovations around the house, or you know, follows people through the woods.However, hey, if Sean is actually doing renovations on his house, good on him-- the place was in a constant state of disrepair every time that the crew came in to film Sean skulking around at home.Mohammed, why would you take a picture there? I'm sure that the other people in the steam room don't appreciate you pointing out that the fact it is hot in the steam room. Or the fact that you're taking pictures in the steam room at all.The man really does like taking pictures with his shirt off, but can you imagine being in a room full of shirtless dudes?Mohammed would probably use all the space on his phone and his cloud account just to broadcast that fact that he, and all the other guys around him, didn't have shirts on.However, really Mohammed, no one wants to see you sweat.We have a feeling that this is more than Danielle is ever got to see-- or ever got to see-- especially with Mohammed not kissing her at their own wedding. He also apparently refused her advances through the duration of their short but doomed-from-the-start marriage.One thing is for sure: steam rooms are hot, as you can see by Mohammed helpfully pointing the temperature out. We wouldn't have been able to figure that out without him. Thanks a lot, Mohammed.It's not hard to go too far on social media, people still manage to do it all the time. It only takes one risky picture that dives too far into the dark corners of a person's life that should never be exposed to make it weird for everyone.Well, Mohammed is apparently quite a pro at that, considering his nose hair removal post above.Who is that meant for and why would anyone ever want to see that? This is not the way that you pick up wife material, Mohammed.If a mate will stick around for your nose hair removal, that's one thing-- the relationship is established, they should be accepting you for who you are.However, if you're picking up people based on your nose hair removal posts, you might want to check what kind of pond you're throwing your line into.Whatever you want to do behind closed doors is one thing, but stop broadcasting it to the world-- no one wants to see your baby, no one cares about your dog, and certainly no one cares about your nose hair removal process.Keep it to yourself, man.There are extremes when it comes to bad tattoos-- "regrets" spelled wrong, awfully deformed portraits of loved ones, and whatever Molly decides to get next.Mother Theresa was a saint, but why would you get her inked on your shoulder? She doesn't deserve to be cut into your skin, she should just be remembered as the amazing person who she was. We understand the thought behind it-- everyone should be a bit more like Mother Theresa.However, no matter how many living saints you get tattooed on your body, it doesn't change the fact that your house is decked out in owls and you still don't have any crucifixes hung up anywhere.You know, if you hang up crucifixes, Luis might come back, and he has cornrows now, so you should probably stay away from that.This is probably just to start boosting her music career cred-- more tattoos takes away from the lack of talent and diverts the eyes away from the floundering act on stage.Either way, good for you Molly, get whatever tattoo you want. However, we won't be surprised when you get Mother Theresa covered up by a bunch of owls staring lifelessly out of your back.Every 90 Day Fiancé fan knows Evelyn-- she's the want to be star trapped in the smallest town in the world, where she has trapped her new husband, David.However, that's not David in the picture above, that's her brother who is apparently a black belt in karate.Yes, she posted a picture from her wedding to congratulate her brother for becoming a black belt in karate. Why not just put a picture of him up, or why not post a picture of you two that is not your wedding?Oh, we know why, because her music and reality TV careers are burning out like the dying sun of a distant planet.It's sad really, but that is what you can expect when your singing voice sounds like you're wheezing through a kazoo on every third word.Also, where is David's post also wishing her brother congratulations on being a black belt? He should probably say a little something, because Evelyn's brother will definitely start to whoop his butt if he tries to break the band up again.We would also like to congratulate Evelyn's brother on becoming a black belt, now chop us up some of the best apples in the world before we get there for your sister's concert.Considering Paul's history with the law, this Halloween costume seems to be a bit too literal for our liking-- especially because Carine didn't even know about Paul's rocky past with arson and restraining order charges before he told her and waddled off into the jungle like a penguin.Not to take away from the fact that she looks lovely, way out of his league, but that's what happens when you travel out of the country for to go hunting for a partner. Seriously, why did she ever get back together with him, especially after he made her take a blood test?The proposal that Paul pulled out of his butt at the last moment was also awful.However, she did, and she has been posting pictures of her and Paul, apparently of her own free will. You can never tell, though, as Paul is definitely a masterful manipulator.He convinced the airline to let him bring six body sized storage containers out of the country to meet a woman he didn't know, so we're guessing he's pretty good at talking to people.Either that, or people are just so creeped out by him that they let him go and don't ask any questions.Oh Paul, we knew-- everyone knew as soon as you showed up on the screen for the first time that you'd be trouble.Carine really couldn't see it for some reason, even though Paul panics about feces water and mosquitoes pretty much constantly when he should be paying attention to her.Paul was taken in due to complaints from his ex-wife due to a supposed arson charge and breaching a restraining order.Does it surprise you that Paul has a restraining order against him? It shouldn't.Considering Paul's obnoxious and bizarre behavior when it comes to dealing with Carine and virtually anyone else in the world, it doesn't seem like much of a surprise that he has a restraining order against him from an ex-wife.We're guessing that this isn't going to be the last time that Paul violates a restraining order, with him and Carine still being together for the time at least.You would figure that since Paul is a bit shady, he'd be able to slither away when the cops come knocking, but the main runs like a pigeon after hot dog scraps on the New York city sidewalk.Josh always seemed like such a nice guy. However, apparently he's such a nice guy that he has a rap sheet as long as a CVS receipt, which includes a DUI and assault charges.No wonder Josh's parents were a little cautious when they were vetting Aika-- they realized that Josh hasn't been the cleanest dude in the past, and probably won't be in the future.Although, if anything happened, it seems like Aika is definitely fiery enough to hold her own ground.In fact, we'd be pretty scared of her, even if we had a rap sheet like Josh's; if you watched the show, you remember the coffee shop, and Josh's oddly clingy friend. The girl doesn't take crap and she never will.In light of all these lovely disorders coming to light, we're excited that Josh and Aika are reportedly filming with TLC again, most likely for the next season of 90 Day Fiancé.However, could you imagine if they got their own show? It would be madness, especially when you consider the fact the coffee shop scene was an hour and a half long.We know that the chances of that happening are mighty slim, but we can dream dang it, we can dream.With all of the rumors of Chantel having work done to her face and past work done to her body, it seems odd that she would use a #nautralbody tag for a picture of her in a wet dress.It's also odd that she'd use a #lake tag when that is most certainly a creek.Come on, your brother's name is River-- you should know your bodies of water at this point.Regardless, the picture is odd to begin with. Was this actually a scheduled photo shoot, or did she just lay down and make a passing hiker take pictures of her laying down in the water?Also, if it was a scheduled shoot, why would you pick this location, pose, and outfit? We're not one to judge photo shoots of the reality show stars of yesteryear (who are we kidding, we totally are), and this one seems especially heinous.Where is Pedro? Where is the family Chantel? Where is anyone to tell her that she shouldn't be laying in the water with all the bacteria and microbes that could potentially be getting on you or in your mouth?Why isn't Paul around to tell you about the dangers of feces water?---Are there any other pictures of the cast of 90 Day Fiancé that we need to see? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
We really don't deserve the supreme grace that is 90 Day Fiancé, yet it was just renewed for another season, and for that we are thankful.As much enjoyment that we as the viewing audience get out of the failed relationships of supremely long distance couples, not everything is sunshine and rainbows in the land of K1 Visas and online chat rooms.Sometimes everyone but the spouse saw it coming before the relationship disintegrates into bitter hate and scorn. Other times, there are just too many cultural differences between the two love birds, and they must fly their separate ways for the good of both individuals.This is 90 Day, and we'd never want it any other way.However,  after the season is over and all the cameras take their brief respite until the inevitable next season, the stars of the show's lives go on.Feel like you're missing out? Don't. We have the scoop on the most prominent sleaze balls and gold diggers, with Where Are They Now? The Cast Of 90 Day Fiancé.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIs there any couple on 90 Day Fiancé that are more memorable and infamous than the classic pairing of Mohamed and Danielle? The answer is no, no there is not and there never will be.With that said, things didn't really work out for the legendary Sandusky couple.The relationship came to an unfortunate end, when Danielle threw a binder full of printed out text messages (why?) at Mohamed outside of his Florida home. Mohamed then decided to take off at the end of the first tell all.Still, desperate times call for desperate measures. Unfortunately for Mohamed, his green card was apparently denied, which means that Tunisia may be getting back one of its citizens soon enough.Remember Paola from 90 Day? You know, the beautiful Colombian who was dating the goober who kept complaining about them moving to Miami? Well, they're still together, lucky for him-- and her, actually, considering that her modeling career has gone nowhere.Our proof you ask? Well, the fact that she has a shady agent on the show didn't help things, and neither did the fact that she hasn't appeared in any modeling material, well, anywhere. Even her social media is void of modeling pics, aside from the ones she did while on the show. Don't worry, though, she posts on twitter roughly a hundred times a day, so you can always get your does of Pao if you need it.It looks like Sean hasn't really been up to much, aside from trying to make himself look younger and photoshopping biceps on top of his biceps.Besides that, he's using his social media accounts to try and sell bead jewelry. Strangely enough, he mentions in the post above that he's wearing it, but we don't see any necklace.Sean and Abby are still together, despite rumors that circulated stating that they had split up.These rumors began to make their rounds after Abby deleted images of Sean from the Intragram and then deactivated her account.However, Abby has stated that this was done because she was annoyed with the amount of comments she received on her pics. So far the couple doesn't seem interested in returning to another TLC show anytime soon.We never particularly had high hopes for Jesse during the show, and considering that his current employment is listed as "Entrepreneur," we'll go ahead and reaffirm that our hopes still remain drastically low.This is especially because his entrepreneurship looks to be a whole bunch of traveling around the world and posing in different places.Sorry Jesse, flexing your bicep out of the window of your hotel and starting a YouTube channel does not make you a entrepreneur, although we wish it did.We guess it's a good thing that Darcy got away from him shortly after the show-- he wasn't exactly Prince Charming. Sadly enough, Darcy was recently arrested after getting in a fight with her sister Stacey. Crazy can't date crazy we suppose.Amidst multiple announcements of divorce and making up, Jason and Casia have finally decided to call off their divorce... again. This obviously isn't the first time, but jeez, if there are multiple times that this kind of thing is happening, it may be best to consider other options.If there's that much debate about whether you should stay together or split, you should probably just split. Aside from that, it seems as if the two of them are just bumbling along like before, with their marriage caught in a purgatory of constant splitting and mending.It seemed like an odd relationship while they were on TLC, and it would appear that those assumptions were correct, as the couples' current activities indicate.David and Evelyn are still together, which is great news for the couple. However, the bad news is that they still live in the middle of nowhere, and Evelyn still thinks that she has some kind of music career ahead of her.If there is a market for people who enjoy the sound of alley cat's fighting, she might stand a chance.The last song she dropped, "Nickels And Dimes" has just shy of 12,000 YouTube views.It set in stone what we've known all along: move on Evelyn, for the love of everyone's ears, move on.We wonder how David is doing, not having moved out of Evelyn's hometown as he swore that he would do as they were getting ready to get hitched. Well, even if he's going a little stir crazy, at least they have the best apples in the world to eat.What about marriage fraud? It's great that Danielle doesn't want to be scammed in the same way that she was, but still, tweeting isn't going to get much done on that front.Plus, there's an easy solution to marriage fraud when it comes to the K1 Visa-- don't marry them. The entire world was broadcasting the signs to Danielle, but she chose not to listen and here we are, printing out text messages and social media posts to put in a binder and throw at your ex husband.That printer ink must cost a fortune for a binder of that magnitude, so to make ends meet, Danielle is still selling signed pictures of herself for those unlucky souls who missed out the first time.Oh Molly, why? Why would you do this to us, let alone yourself?Reportedly, Molly is writing and recording songs with her brother Jess, and apparently dressing like she's in an '80s time traveling cop drama. Jess is in a band called Rolling Nowhere, whose facebook page lacks any substance, aside from a cover photo of a bunch of dudes wearing fedoras back stage, which is pretty much what we'd expect.What style of music is she going for with that get up? We really hope that this is going to be some kind of country/pop mash up that is totally pro-owl and anti-Luis. Regardless, as long as Jess is on the tracks doing hype man yells and chortles, we're all about it.Well, no surprise here-- Jorge got arrested for smuggling a large amount of substances through Arizona, almost 300 pounds to be exact.Doesn't he cultivate this stuff himself? We guess that it sometimes just makes more sense to turn yourself into a mule as opposed to putting in the time to cultivate a quality product (see Jorge and Anfisa's relationship).From what we can see of his mugshot, it looks like Jorge was sampling the product as he made his way through Arizona.In light of these recent events, Anfisa announced that she will be traveling back to Russia.This is likely due to the fact that Jorge is dealing with the wrong side of the law again.Anfisa is most likely not going to be finding a sugar daddy back in the motherland, but lets hope at least one of them ends up happy.Nicole is the most dangerous of all long distance relationship archetypes-- after trying to get her off your tail after your K1 gets denied, she shows up at your Moroccan door step, trying to get you to put a ring on it and call her daughter your own.We thought that this whole relationship was over after the cheating and general hatred exhibited by all parties involved, aside from Nicole's daughter Mae, but we were mistaken.Run Azan, getting your K1 is definitely not worth all of this mess.Really, though, the guy said he loved you 55%, Nicole-- just over half. If he has to give you percentages of how much he loves you it really doesn't seem like he's the one, does it?It makes sense that David and Annie are back on camera, as these two are practically made for TLC stardom. Between the cringeworthy age difference and David's total lack of ability to be a functioning adult, all the execs at TLC are seeing is dollar signs.It has been rumored that David and Annie are currently filming with TLC again.Apparently the couple has been spotted out and about with TLC film crews it tow, though it isn't clear if it's to film for the next season of 90 Day or if it's for their own spinoff.We have our fingers crossed for a Baht-fueled spinoff. We can only hope that David's daughter gets involved again-- actually we hope she gets her own spinoff where she runs around throwing drinks at people.What a way to fit in with the NJ vibe, Luis. For some reason, he decided to go ahead and get cornrows. Perhaps he did it to fit into the NJ setting, or perhaps he likes the look.Hopefully the next fly drawn into the honey will be a bit smarter than Molly, or at least a little less stubborn.Luis tried to bring a lawsuit against TLC for making him look like such a dink on the show, but to no avail.Apparently the above image was tagged in Elizabeth, New Jersey, where Luis had family-- the same family that came to pick him up on the show after Molly and his falling out at the end of their respective season.Hopefully he's doing well and is managing to get everything on track now that he's free of Molly.Much like Annie and Bahtman, Josh and Aika are reportedly being seen around town with TLC cameras hot on their heels, although it's not yet known for what.We're hoping that it's a spinoff, as their previous public screaming match, complete with a drive away at a coffee shop, really would make for top-notch TLC content.Regardless, we're actually looking somewhat forward to getting a bit more of Josh and Aika in our television diet-- they seemed somewhat normal in the super mixed up world of 90 Day Fiancé.You never know, though-- put a couple in front of TLC's cameras for a long enough time and soon they'll start printing out text messages and accusing everyone of being a user.Alan and Kirylam were recently on The Price Is Right doing the worm on stage and subsequently winning the showcase and a brand new car, a unique euphoria that is only shared by a few lucky souls in the world.It's great news for them. They're easily one of the most authentic and likable couples that has ever appeared on 90 Day. It seems like the new car smell won't be around for very long, however, as additional reports are suggesting that Alan and Kirlyam are trying to sell the car that they just jacked from Drew's greasy grasp. Money problems, or is it just too much of a hassle?In the world of reality television and internet rumors, we can expect more updates soon.Josh, open your eyes-- we know that you love your party wife, and we're pretty sure she loves you to some degree, but there is no way in all that is holy in Sandusky, Ohio that that baby is yours.We're not trying to be mean, malicious, or to start drama that hasn't already been started, but most fans doubt that the baby is biologically yours. It can't be, unless there are some extremely recessive genes that no one in your families have exhibited in, well, ever.Good on you for treating her like she's yours, but come on-- it's time to find out the truth.It doesn't mean that you can't stick around, it just means that you may have to accept that your hair isn't as naturally curly as you always hoped.---Were you surprised that some of these couples are still together? Are there any other couples on 90 Day Fiancé that we forgot about? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In 2014, TLC started a brand-new reality TV show called 90 Day Fiancé. The series was highly controversial because its basis was that couples from different countries who met had 90 days to get married so they could earn the work visas necessary to remain in the United States.By law, after 90 days, one of the people would have to leave the United States and return to their home country.The show deals with the struggles to get married in that time frame to secure the work visas -- which only gave the couple a limited period to decide if they really loved each other enough to walk the aisle.There were many obvious roadblocks in the way. Family members and friends rightfully distrusted some of the individuals, thinking that they were just getting married to get into the country.There were also the cultural differences, as those individuals raised in America had to understand their new loves upbringing and beliefs while the two try to become one in their relationship.Of course, this didn't always work out but there is a high percentage of people who made their marriages last through the five seasons of the reality series.While there are those who have made their marriages work, it has not been without problems, and while some are happily raising new families, others are still working on their happily ever after stories.Here are the 15 90 Day Fiancé Couples That Are Still Together (And 5 That Split).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewRuss and Paolo appeared on 90 Day Fiancé in the very first season of the series. Russ was from Oklahoma and he met Pao when he was in Colombia on an assignment from the oil company he worked for.The two fell in love and Pao, a fashion designer, prepared to move to the United States to marry him.The two married and lived in Oklahoma until Pao left for Miami to be a model. However, while Russ stayed in Oklahoma initially, he soon joined her in Miami.The two later appeared in 90 Day Fiancé: Happily Ever After and were still married, although the show dealt with some tragedy that they two had to get through in their lives.However, they remain together and strongly united.Appearing in season one of 90 Day Fiancé, Alan and Kirlyam married after their appearance on the show.Alan is from California and was on a mission to Brazil with the Church of Latter Day Saints when he met her. She then moved to the U.S. to live with him and ended up getting married.The two walked the aisle in Alan's church and have remained together since that time. While there were some problems when Kirlyam wanted to model and Alan did not approve, they worked through the disagreements and remain strongly united.Kirlyam has still been unable to gain employment in the United States because she is still waiting to receive her green card.The two actually welcomed their first child into the world last year -- a son named Liam in October 2017.Mike met the Russian Aziza in season one of 90 Day Fiancé when he was surfing around online on a language acquisition website.The two were just friends at first but Aziza wanted to get a work visa in the United States and received a rejection, and it was at that time that the two began to look into a more romantic relationship.While that seems a little suspicious, they actually made it work.She moved to the United States in 2014 and the two remain married, although they have still yet to agree on expanding their family.They do have a houseful of pets, but Aziza is still waiting to make the decision to bring a child into the world with her husband.Despite this, they have been married for three years and live in Cleveland.Chelsea met Yamir while she was doing volunteer work in Nicaragua. Interestingly, Yamir was part of a boy band and then moved to the United States with Chelsea to live with her and her parents.The two had problems early on, as Yamir wanted to continue his music career and Chelsea didn't want to risk moving to Chicago to let him do so without a job to fall back on.These fears are part of what helped to split the couple apart.In 2016, Chelsea filed for divorce from Yamir due to "irreconcilable differences" just two years after they tied the knot. Neither asked for spousal support and their marriage was ended quietly.Neither of the former 90 Day Fiancé cast members commented on the full problems that led to their separation and eventual divorce.Louis and Aya actually met on the internet using an online dating service. He was from Indiana and she was from the Philippines, and while he originally wanted to move down to live with her, she chose to move to the United States.This was partially due to the fact that he had two children from a previous relationship.This 90 Day Fiancé couple is one that has seems to live with none of the drama expected from the reality TV show.Not only is this season one couple still happy and together, but they announced this year that they are expecting their first child as a couple. The two promised at the start to work hard to love each other every day, and they have succeeded at that.Justin and Evelin are a 90 Days Fiance season 2 couple who met each other while attending the 2013 World Games rugby tournament.The couple revealed that they fell in love after just seven days and she moved to the United States to marry him.It wasn't an easy start, as the show revealed him to be demanding of a "proper wife" who cooked and cleaned, and Evelin was not that person.The two seemed to make it work out anyway, and are still married today, over three years since the wedding.The two still seem to be living the high life, as photos from just last year showed them on a tour of the Napa Valley wine country, with Evelin revealing she is looking forward to more happy years with Justin.Washington native Brett met Daya by using an online dating service. Daya, who lived in the Philippines, moved to the United States to marry Brett, who was divorced and had a daughter from his previous marriage.This was not the strongest union at first, mostly due to Brett's mother refusing to accept the marriage and refusing to attend the wedding.However, the two have proven that they were in love and their marriage has worked.Not only have they remained married for three years now, but they welcomed their first child together into the world in 2017 with Isabella.Brett also has a podcast where he talks about his marriage and family life since they appeared on the reality series, although Daya seems intent on staying out of the spotlight.Danielle and Mohamed were possibly the most polarizing couple on 90 Day Fiancé and their split was likely the most memorable and crazy when it came to anyone who appeared on the TV series.Danielle was from Ohio and she met Mohamed in an online chat room. Mohamed, from Tunisia, moved to Ohio to marry Danielle, who had four children from other relationships -- one of which was already an adult.Mohamed lied to Danielle from the start when he said he had a job but was actually unemployed. Danielle also lied about parts of her past and the two quickly split.The judge in their separation convinced her to just file for divorce so Mohamed could remain in the United States, but Danielle is still publicly bashing him online and still uses his last name.Jason and Cassia have split and reunited a few times over their marriage. Jason was living in Florida when he met Cassia, who was sharing an online relationship with one of his friends.Cassia, from Brazil, started dating Jason when her relationship with that friend ended and she moved to the United States to live with him and his father.Early in 2018, Jason filed for divorce amidst filed charges against him.The two actually said that they were not willing to work through their problems and Cassia said that he looked at the charges against him as a joke. However, something changed after that. Jason withdrew his divorce petition and the two are working on making their marriage work once again.Danny and Amy met in season 2 of 90 Day Fiancé while the two were on a Bible study trip in Austrailia at the same time.Danny was from Pennsylvania and Amy was from South Africa, and the two fell in love. Amy moved to America to marry Danny and lived with his brother until their marriage.The couple was married and ended up moving to Texas together to raise their family. That union now includes two children -- one boy (Jedidiah) and a girl (Anna), and they seem very happy as a family.As a matter of fact, they posted a very joyous Instagram photo late last year of the family heading out for a "much-needed" vacation to visit family, saying that their "heart is full."Mark and Nikki was a very controversial pairing from the third season of 90 Day Fiancé. Mark was a 58-year-old from Baltimore when he started to date Nikki, a 19-year-old from the Philippines.Not only was there an almost 40-year age difference, but Mark has four adult children that were all older than Nikki.The two married but there is almost no chance that TLC will promote anything about the couple in the future. The series painted Mark as a very controlling husband and that angered him so he filed multiple lawsuits against the network and the TV show.The lawsuits were thrown out, and while the couple has left the public eye when it comes to celebrity fame, they remain married according to various reports.When it comes to the relationship between Molly and Luis, it didn't last long at all. They met on the fifth season of 90 Day Fiancé, which aired in 2017. Molly, from Georgia, met Luis at a bar he worked at when she visited the Dominican Republic.Luis, 15 years younger than Molly, got married within the 90 days for his visa period, although they never had a wedding.Luis ended up leaving Molly during the season for a myriad of reasons. He did not get along with her two children and did not want to be a father.He did return for the finale of season 5, but then in January 2018, Molly filed for divorce from Luis.The divorce was finalized in May and Luis remained in the United States but lives in a different state that Molly.Devar was a lifeguard at a resort in Jamaica when Melanie met him while vacationing there. Melanie had married before and had a child with her ex-husband.While she was still there on vacation, and shortly after the two had met, Devar proposed to her and she accepted.They moved back to Pennsylvania together and while some of Melanie's family did not trust Devar, they married anyway.Despite the distrust of family and Melanie even talking on 90 Day Fiancé about getting a prenuptial agreement to protect her money, they have remained married and made their union work.The two later appeared on 90 Day Fiancé: Happily Ever After and are not only still married, but have a baby girl that was born in November 2017 named Avah.Josh was on a mission trip for the Church of Latter Day Saints in Prague when he met Aleksandra Iarovikova, a Russian who was attending university there.While Iarovikova was an atheist, she soon found religion and converted to the LDS church. The former go-go dancer turned her life around and started to date Josh, the two getting married in 2015.The two couple ended up as one of the first 90 Day Fiancé unions to give birth to a child -- which they announced at the reunion episode.That baby, Kaya, was born in March 2016. Josh started medical school in 2018 and the two have moved to Austrailia, where he attends the University of Queensland and the two remain happily married as they make a new life for themselves in their new country.Olulowo, a Nigerian, met Narkyla thanks to an online dating service for plus-sized women.There was controversy in this season four coupling as friends of Narkyla was worried that Olulowo was a scammer and was using her for money -- although he never asked for any.Their relationship almost ended early when she found out he was trying to get back with an old flame who he had a child with.However, Olulowo realized that it was Narkyla that he wanted to be with and they reunited and he moved to the United States to marry her. This surprised many people as the couple ignored all the warning signs in their relationship.The two seemed to have problems in their relationship over the years, but they are still together at this time.Jesse and Darcey were part of the 90 Day Fiancé spin-off Before the 90 Days and the difference was that this series followed the couples before the 90-day visa period.Instead of focusing on the two getting married before the 90 days was up and allowing the work visas to come through, this one was about the actual start of their relationship together.This couple shared one of the most tumultuous relationships on the show. This even included Darcey attacking fans online and starting arguments with even those that supported the couple on the series.Jesse made accusations towards Darcey as well, and this was just the latest of the fights -- both on the series and behind-the-scenes. The two finally separated in March 2018.Matt and Alla appeared in 90 Day Fiancé season 4. Matt, from Kentucky, had met Alla, from Kiev, years before when using an online dating service.However, they lost touch because Matt got married. After Matt divorced his third wife, the two reconnected, and by this time, Alla had a son of her own.The relationship was hard at first, as Matt talked about being cheated on in the past and Alla made comments that she was not sure she loved him.Despite this, the two married anyway and live together in Ohio. The two remain together to this day, living in Ohio.Alla also had her sister move to the United States as well and the two have actually started a new business called the Lash & Brow Studio.Chantel was on a vacation in the Dominican Republic when she met Pedro, after an introduction by a Spanish teacher.Chantel fell for him and began to make more trips to the Dominican Republic to see him before he finally proposed to her.The couple faced a lot of problems on the fourth season of 90 Day Fiancé mostly due to their individual families disrespecting each other.While Chantel's family did not trust Pedro and he sent a lot of money back to his family making it look like their marriage was not on the up-and-up, the two were able to create a new life for themselves together.Chantel is now in nursing school and while her family still doesn't approve of the marriage, it seems to be still going strong.One of the most recent couples on 90 Day Fiancé to make their marriage work is Evelyn and David from season five.David is from Spain and Molly from New Hampshire. The biggest controversy from this pairing is that Molly was only 18 when the two met.David met Molly when he saw something about her band on Facebook and made contact with her.While David did not want to live in a small town, he ended up moving to New Hampshire anyway and the two married. The two seemed very innocent, with Molly very young and David a devout Christian that refused to talk about their personal romantic relationship on camera.The two remain in New Hampshire and married while Evelyn works on her music aspirations.Nicole and Azan were part of two different seasons of 90 Day Fiancé. They started out in season four when they met on an online dating service -- Nicole from Florida and Azan from Morocco.Nicole left her child with her sister so she could go to Morocco for five weeks to get to know Azan. Things were rough from the start, neither agreeing to convert to the other's religion, Nicole admitting to cheating on him, and Azan making disparaging comments about her weight.Despite this, they agreed to get married but had to put it off since they could not afford the costs of him coming to the United States and Nicole's mother refusing to help.They remained together, albeit living in different countries until they broke off their wedding plans earlier in 2018.---Can you think of any other 90 Day Fiancé couples that are still together or split up? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Oh 90 Day Fiancé, why are you so good to us, while being so seemingly awful to the people featured on your show? The nature of reality television is to adulterate whatever it features, and TLC's overseas series seems to really take that to heart.Most of these relationships are so glaringly flawed, that doom is being flashed on a neon sign mere inches from the couple's face. Yet, for the love of love, and probably money, they persevere, letting their failing lives fester for the entertainment of the world. It's admirable, really.Even sadder than the ones who see it coming are the ones who don't. Old men oblivious to why the "love of their life" keeps asking them to bring suitcases full of panties or asking about their finances are even more shocked when the wife leaves after the wedding.Overweight women don't understand why their Moroccan boyfriend doesn't look at them as tenderly as he once did after her adulterous ways are exposed.The list goes on as to why so many of these relationships are fake, either as plotted scams to gain citizenship or at the prodding of producers at TLC, as the most entertaining couples have artificial life breathed into them, the walls crumbling around their heads.Either way, we've gathered 15 Of The Most Obviously Fake Couples from 90 Day Fiancé and exposed the falsities of their relationships, so you can be aware of what to look for when bringing a piece of tail overseas.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIf there is one couple on 90 Day Fiancé that immediately raises suspicion, it's Danielle and Mohammed. From the drastic age difference to the whole "I can't kiss you at our wedding due to religious reasons," the relationship was fake from the get-go.However, apparently no one told Danielle about the truth behind her relationship. Following the progression of their relationship on the show, you can see the devastation of the failed relationship playing out on her face, one vacant, confused stare at a time.How surprised can you really be that a young Tunisian man isn't satisfied living in the bleak wastes of Sandusky, Ohio, especially with an older woman who's prone to screaming fits following him around all day?This one is just sad-- Niki was most definitely fishing for a green card, but she got so, so much more when she found Mark.Mark might be one of the most oblivious human beings when it comes to women to ever to walk the surface of the earth. He gives Niki his ex-wife's (a woman from the same country as Niki) car, and doesn't understand why she gets upset.Is it nice that he gave her a car? Yes, of course it is. Is it messed up that he repeatedly brings up his ex-wife, and can't seem to help himself from mentioning that it's her car every time she's in it?In fact, Mark pretty much only mentions his ex-wife to Niki, all while trying to awkwardly acclimate her into being his new wife.One thing is for certain, Niki: no green card is worth being married to Mark.This relationship is one of the fakest (and most entertaining) that has ever occurred in the history of the series. Anfisa, an ex-webcam girl with a heart of coal, is perpetually mad that Jorge isn't as rich as he let on during their online relationship.This one was pretty much doomed from the start, as Anfisa kicks Jorge out of the apartment on a near constant basis or explodes into violence, accosting him on the spot.Are the beatings justified? Considering that Jorge told her that he was stuffed to the double chin with cash to get her over to the States, yes, they probably are.The two now have spin-off series in their future, leading to a bizarre cycle of constantly breaking up and getting back together to keep the drama gravy flowing, signifying that the relationship has achieved levels of phoniness previously unknown in the reality television world.This one may have been genuine at first. Azan and Nicole really did seem happy when they first met each other, often sharing bashful smiles and kind words with one another. However, things quickly started a downward trajectory after they had spent just a few days together.From Nicole not being able to keep pace with Azan as he sprinted up a sand dune to her constant inhalation of french fries (why is any of this a surprise to him?), Azan's disappointment grew every day that they spent together.Nicole ended up cheating on Azan while they were living in their respective countries, leaving Azan to carry on the relationship out of spite, as they pretty much hate each other now.Azan would have left Nicole if not under pressure from the producers to keep it going for the show's sake, meaning that he may be subject to her arm shoving tactics for the foreseeable future.As another relationship that seemed somewhat genuine at first, Matt and Alla's relationship quickly fell apart into the green card grabbing scheme it had always been shortly after they were married.Alla has openly come out and said that she doesn't love Matt, citing that she got married to him to get out of her own country and into the States.It's sad too, Matt isn't an ugly dude... he may be a bit older, but he did turn down a lap dance at his bachelor party. Although, we wouldn't want to mess up our Indiana Jones hat with whatever nastiness that stripper was carrying in that bikini either.The constant pestering from Matt's family didn't help the relationship in the least, essentially driving Alla to reveal her true intentions after the wedding was all said and done.Again, this one seemed real when it first started and was one of the relationships that had the best chances of having a happy ending. The two are in the same age group, she speaks his language, and they could stand each other longer than fifteen minutes-- the future looked bright for Chantel and Pedro.Then, Chantel and Pedro had to move the bed into the kitchen and it all went to hell.Pedro's main focus in the relationship was never Chantel, it was sending money back to his mother and sister still living in the Dominican Republic. It all came to a boil when they had their wedding at a resort in the Dominican Republic, leading to Chantel and the women of Pedro's family to get in a heated debate in the lobby.They got married anyway to the disdain of both families, leaving the mystery of Pedro's sister being his actual wife to remain a conversation best had over a plate of chicken's feet.This one may not seem fake on the surface, but don't be fooled. An international fling becomes romance, as Elizabeth and Andre decided to get hitched after their initial time spent together. All well and good, right?Not exactly. The more time they spent together on camera, the more obvious the true nature of their relationship became apparent to the viewers at home-- Andre is a real controlling turd.As soon as he touched down in the States (after almost not being allowed back in for abusing visa privileges), Andre has done nothing but dictate what Elizabeth can and can't do.From telling her sisters that she isn't allowed to have a bachelorette party in Vegas to openly telling her family that he doesn't care what they think, he's a real gem.This relationship is fake because Elizabeth just wants to prove her family wrong about their "love" and Andre just wants an emotional punching bag-- no love is involved.A side note before we start: these two are extremely awful human beings. Evelyn's entire reality consists of a dying small American town, where she is a musical superstar, despite sounding like a bag of cats in a washing machine when she sings.David, on the other hand, is a condescending scab who's quickly realizing that proposing to Evelyn may be the worst mistake he has ever made in his life.Their relationship was lovely online and long distance simply because they never had to be around each other when it wasn't convenient. Now that they spend all their time together, they are quickly realizing that they do not like each other in the least.Considering that one of their main attractions to each other was religious beliefs, it seems unlikely that they will separate in the engagement period even if they can't stand being in each other's presence.Poor Molly, she seems like such a nice lady, especially after her stint as a co-star on TLC's bosom-centric Double Divas. While Molly was on vacation where she met Luis, a bartender at a resort who took an immediate interest in her, leading to the two hitting it off.He proposed, she accepted, and now they're back in America, where their relationship has quickly deteriorated into a mockery of what it used to be.Molly's kids hate Luis, and Luis doesn't really seem to care that much, sending Molly into tears every episode. He also seems to take more interest in the strippers at his bachelor party than he ever did with Molly, considering he's 20+ years younger than her.Even though it's been pointed out numerous times that things aren't working out, Luis doesn't seem bothered-- he has stated that he doesn't care if things work out between the two, as long as he gets that sweet, sweet green card.What may be the most stereotypically fake relationship on the show is David and Annie, who were doomed from the get-go.David is an old, washed up man with a drinking problem and no job. He mooches off of his successful friend for a place to live. Annie is a seemingly sweet girl from a poor farming village that is quickly realizing that a relationship with David may not be worth the green card.Although the two were happy enough when David was overseas (minus David's complete lack of funds for nearly everything), as soon as they touched down in the States, it all hit the fan.It quickly came out that David can't handle his liquor, and is just fine treating Annie and his friend's family like garbage. Run Annie, run far away before it's too late.Josh is a 40-something man child who scored an incredibly attractive girlfriend from overseas, although Aika's personality doesn't quite match her physical appearance. Aika is consistently upset that Josh is lacking in funds and a stable living situation, and she isn't afraid to tell him.Josh is a pushover who may have the best eye contact avoidance tactics we have ever seen in action-- when Aika starts asking the hard questions, Josh buttons up and is suddenly quite interested in the finer points of his kitchen's wallpaper.As entertaining as it is to watch, it's sad that Josh is being slapped around so easily for what little money he has, since Aika makes a lot of financially heavy demands that Josh simply can't keep up with.We're guessing she figures that she might as well milk his wallet before taking off with her green card.It's baffling how these two have convinced themselves that this is a serious relationship. Sean is a controlling, older man obsessed with young exotic women, while Abby is banging flabby saltines to drive her lucrative illegal undergarments operation.Abby lives in Haiti, where the panties are apparently comparable to wearing a thong made out of cactus spines, so she makes her dough by seducing older men with promises of intimate relations, but only if they bring over suitcases packed to the seams with quality American lingerie.Don't believe it? Consider Chris, the panty smuggler of Abby's past who tries his best to get some despite knowing about Sean. Girl can play, that's for sure.We don't know if anyone told you, but Larry cashed in his 401k for this. Larry is a bit of an odd duck-- he has a seriously bizarre YouTube channel, has severe social anxiety, and can't seem to pick up on the most obvious of social cues.Just eat the pig Larry, her family went out of their way (and wallet), to make you feel welcome-- this is no time for your weenie tendencies about eating an animal to take presidence.Their relationship is obviously a fake. From Jenny totally not being on Fillipinocupid.com that one time (even though her login history says she was) to Larry trying to desperately grab for something in a failing life, the cards are all laid out for a green card scam.Sorry Larry, no one wants to watch your 38 minute YouTube video about driving doctors shot completely in negative.This one is alarming, because we don't think Karine knows that she is marrying a serial killer. Paul is a really weird dude with severe psychological problems and a criminal record, who ran (like a penguin) into the jungle once she found out about his past and threatened to throw himself into a river.The man puts up more red flags than a parade, and Karine just follows along, speaking to him through his translator app. If you guys don't speak the same language, getting married might not be the best decision.Also, Karine pretty much called it off only to have Paul show up at her door begging her to take him back.She reluctantly accepted, and as far as we know, she hasn't been heard from since. We're guessing she's in one of Paul's six travel cargo containers that most likely contain the bodies of his other girlfriends.Darcey and Jesse seemed normal at first. They had an age difference to be sure, but they both had a really good time together, despite Darcey looking like a lizard person and Jesse constantly checking out his own abs every time he passed a mirror.Then, things started to get real weird. Darcey went out to go have some wine with Jesse's mom, which is super normal for a significant other. In fact, it was really nice that Darcey wanted to get to know Jesse's family at all.However, when she came back a little buzzed, Jesse acted like she had come back wearing a coat fashioned out of human skin.How dare she drink alcohol and feel its effects. The whole thing ended with Darcey promising Jesse to never drink again, which prompted him to give her a promise ring-- a ceremony that most stop doing in sixth grade.This relationship is phony because it's Darcey's desperation to find a mate, and Jesse's predatory instincts in controlling her behavior, that serves as the real glue between them.---What do you think? Were there any other obviously fake relationships on 90 Day Fiancé that we forgot? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The premise of 90 Day Fiancé is simple - it's a reality show that follows couples who live in different countries but are finally coming together in-person with the intention of getting married. The catch is that they have 90 days to get married or their non-U.S. partner must leave the U.S. and return to their home country. While it sounds like the plot of a competition series, these rules were not actually conceived by the show’s producers, but rather are mandated by the United States government.The concept of 90 Day Fiancé is built around a specific type of visa known as The K-1 Visa, which can be issued to the fiancé of a United States citizen in order to allow them to enter the United States. This visa allows a partner to stay in the U.S. for 90 days, but the engaged couple must get married during that time or the visa will expire.Now entering its sixth season, the show follows couples on their journeys’ and is heavy with drama, emotion, arguments, and cultural faux pas. The series is one of TLC’s biggest hits and has also spawned a number of spinoff shows including 90 Day Fiancé: Happily Ever After?, 90 Day Fiancé: Before the 90 Days, 90 Day Fiancé: What Now? for TLCgo, and a new spinoff called 90 Day Fiancé: The Other Way.In addition to the difficulties of maintaining long-distance relationships, cast members of the show have to put up with a lot when it comes to the rules they must follow - there are rules under their contracts with TLC as well as the strict rules and regulations associated with the K-1 Visa process.With that said, here are the 15 Rules The Cast Of 90 Day Fiancé Is Forced To Obey.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAny good reality show includes a bit of clever editing and some retakes of supposedly “real” moments to keep the drama going, and 90 Day Fiancé is no exception. Some of the most memorable and downright awful moments are totally contrived. One of the most cringe-worthy scenes in franchise history: David Toborowsy’s best friend Chris suggested that David’s fiancé Annie could give him massages as a way to compensate for offering the couple a place to stay. Chris’ wife later took to Facebook to explain to viewers that scene (and many lines on the show) are completely scripted. “Yes, the awkward scene of Chris asking for a massage was scripted... The producer asked him to say it… and we were fed our lines while sitting at the table,” she said. Similar instances have been reported by other cast members as well.  Cast members are required to comply with producers' requests to repeat lines or redo certain “scenes” if they want to remain on the show.The show follows cast members as they go through their relationship and K-1 visa application process. However, that’s where the show’s involvement in the Visa process ends. To be part of 90 Day Fiancé, cast members must complete all pieces of the application process on their own, and it’s quite a lengthy application process.According to TLC, “Besides several forms, a fiancé applying for a K-1 visa must have a passport, a divorce or [deceased] certificate (of their prior spouse, if previously married), police certificates from your country of residence, medical examination records, evidence of financial support (or the ability to provide for yourself), and evidence of their relationship with your U.S. Fiancé, including proof you've met at least once within two years of filing your petition. Though each case is different, the entire process usually takes a minimum of several months to process.”The immigration process and path to citizenship in the United States is long and complex. Some argue that the show over-simplifies the process and makes it seem easy to gain entry to and citizenship in the United States.Being on 90 Day Fiancé does not guarantee United States citizenship and the U.S. government does not just grant the foreign partner on the show citizenship after they say “I do.” Obtaining the visa is only the first step in the path to becoming a citizen. The 90 day visa allows the foreign partner to enter the country and gives them three months to marry their fiancé, but once that all happens, the partner only receives a green card, which has its own conditions and path to citizenship. As a cast member on 90 Day Fiancé, in addition to the interviews you are already going through for the K-1 visa process, you must also be thoroughly vetted by the network before you can be on the show.According to 90 Day Fiancé: Before the 90 Days star Paul Staehle, the thorough background check for him included several steps and took over a week to complete. The background check included: a criminal background check, questions about that background check, further probing into any results, combing through court documents, and obtaining statements from other people. He felt that TLC takes the background check very seriously. TLC has had negative information surface about the casts of its other reality shows in the past so it seems that they’re being more diligent with new shows in the 90 Day family.While it seems that many of the couples are meeting in-person for the first time on the show upon first glance, this is actually not the case. In order to file for a K-1 Visa, a couple must have seen each other in person within two years prior to the filing.It is important to collect evidence of having met in person prior to filing and include this evidence with the petition. Failure to provide evidence of having met in person can result in a RFE (Request for Evidence) later in the process. The spinoff show Before the 90 Days covers this piece of the immigration puzzle in a bit more depth and provides insight into initial meetings.The show’s producers boast that “out of every 25 couples on 90 Day Fiancé, we've only had three divorces.”  While staying married isn’t a requirement for being on the show, it is a requirement for the foreign partner if they want to keep their green card and stay in the country. Once married, the non-U.S. partner receives their green card, which can be renewed without conditions after two years.However, the green card doesn't automatically equal citizenship. In general, the partner will need to be a green card holder for at least three years before applying for naturalization, according to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. In addition, the couple must have been "living in marital union with the U.S. citizen spouse" for those three years and up until "examination on the application."TLC's 90 Day Fiancé is all about long-distance love stories and the journeys that folks will go on in-order to be together. The show derives its title from the 90-day period for which “Fiancé Visas” (also known as K-1 Visas) are valid.  The K-1 Visa, issued through U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, provides a small, roughly three-month window during which engaged couples must get married. After those 90 days, the visa expires.The number of K-1 visas issued has actually declined by 25% over the past five years. In 2013, there were approximately 30,000 K-1 visas granted. However, it’s also true that the majority of K-1 visa applications are approved. From 2009-2013, the average percentage of K-1 visas that were refused was just 3.3 percent, and that number has continued to decline.The K-1 visa has a lot of rules associated with it. The most high-stakes rule is that if a couple is not married at the end of the 90 days, the foreign partner must leave the country.  In addition, even if a couple does get married during that 90-day window, ending the marriage within two years can lead to removal of the foreigner’s permanent residency status. Finally, just applying for a K-1 Visa with the proper documentation does not mean that you’ll be approved for one. As we saw with one of the show's most talked about couples, Nicole and Azan, Azan’s visa was declined and he was unable to move to the U.S. to be with Nicole.The couples featured on 90 Day Fiancé must be real-life couples before they apply to be on the show. Though fans have theorized that some couples seem as though they were contrived in a casting office, the producers state that all couples were together before the show reached out to them.“They weren't brought together by some casting director simply for the show. Contrary to what some might believe, the 90 days don't mark the time frame the couples have to decide if they like each other enough to get married. By the time the cameras start rolling, you already know the person and decided you want to marry them," season 4’s Anfisa Nava said. “We don’t put people together. Everyone we feature on the show, they found themselves organically,” stated Producer Matt Sharp, who finds couples through immigration attorneys. One thing that is common across most reality shows is that there is a clause somewhere in the cast contracts about not being allowed to sue the producers or networks. The hard and fast rule is that if you have anything to hide or any sort of specific reputation to maintain, do not go on a reality TV show.Mark and Nikki Shoemaker from season three of 90 Day Fiancé apparently didn’t read the fine print on their contracts. They attempted to sue Discovery Communications (TLC’s parent company) as well as the production company Sharp Entertainment because they were so unhappy with their portrayal on the show. The case was thrown out in 2017. It turns out that the contracts that they both signed gave the show’s producers the right to edit footage however they pleased.After a K-1 Visa petition has been approved, the foreign-born fiancé must then go to his or her Embassy for an in-depth interview. The interview involves questions designed to prove the legitimacy of an applicant's relationship with items like photos, videos, and correspondences.The consular officer will also ask questions about the foreign-born fiancé's background, the United States fiancé, the overall relationship, and wedding plans. These questions are not made available by the government sites, but many lawyers and people who have been through the process have shared them online. The questions can range from "Have you ever been arrested?" to "What do you love about your fiancé?" and "How many times have you met in person - where and when?"Some reality stars have attained fame and wealth from their reality shows. Popular shows have their casts earning upwards of $100,000 per season. For the 90 Day Fiancé cast, however, this is not the case. Even though 90 Day Fiancé is a hugely popular show, when it comes to getting paid, the rules around salary are pretty strict. Cast members reportedly receive only $1,000 per episode, and $2,500 to appear on the Tell-All special.Even harsher is the fact that not all cast members who appear on the show will appear in all episodes, and, not of all the cast members who appear on the show even get paid at all. This is due to the fact that only the U.S. half of the couple is allowed to receive payment, as foreigners cannot work legally in the United States without their green card.This rule is an especially odd one. If you’ve been watching 90 Day Fiancé, you know that the cast gives their thoughts, feedback, and opinions during confessionals, in which they sit alone or with their partner and talk to the audience in order to provide narration for the experiences we’re seeing on the show.Some fans have noticed that during confessionals, the women are often seated in an awkward position. Women are seated with both knees touching and raised up to their chest. Their feet don’t appear to be touching the floor. One fan asked cast member Anfisa Nava about this awkward positioning, and she responded: “producers make all women on the show sit like this if you haven't noticed. I hate it. So uncomfortable. Please somebody tell @TLC that you don't like it."As if the lengthy documentation requirements, probing interview questions, and background checks weren’t enough, all K-1 Visa applicants on or off the show must meet a minimum income rule for their visa to be approved.According to Rapidvisa, “Some visas count on the alien’s financial ability. The K-1 visa counts on the U.S. petitioner’s financial ability. They must meet the minimum income requirements, or use alternatives to meet the requirement." You need to prove that you qualify through documents like tax returns and pay stubs. The income requirement is one of the most common reasons for denial. This income rule came into play on the show in regards to Nicole and Azan’s relationship, when Nicole found out she didn’t make enough money to legally sponsor Azan and had to ask her father to co-sponsor him. This rule isn’t 90 Day-specific, but rather a rule that all reality shows must follow. Reader's Digest delved into the “secrets” behind our favorite reality TV shows, and the reporter spoke with a variety of producers about what rules they follow when editing and casting these shows that we all love (or love to hate.) The main takeaway when it comes to choosing a cast? The more flawed, the better.According to the article, reality TV shows prefer flawed people. "Here’s a tip for applying to be on a reality show: Talk about your weakness — whether you’re terrified of snakes or you can’t stand lawyers and salesmen. The producers love that stuff,” the article stated. TLC's 90 Day Fiancé sticks to this rule. While viewers root for some couples to get their visas and stay together forever, the more notable couples are arguably made up of the more “flawed” individuals (and we can’t look away.)---Are you surprised by any of the rules that the cast of 90 Day Fiancé have to follow? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
90 Day Fiancé is one of the guiltiest of pleasures in the world of reality television. As most of us watch the show, we try to picture exactly how we would deal if we were in the same position as the cast members. For those of you who haven't seen the TLC Docu-Series, 90 Day Fiancé follows multiple couples who have applied for or even received a K-1 visa, which is available to foreign fiancés of American citizens. The visa gives the couple 90 days to get married before the visa of the foreign half of the couple expires.RELATED: The Shortest Relationships On 90 Day FiancéThe show has followed some of the most interesting pairs that we've seen across all of reality TV, and while some of them have worked out for the best, some have not. Just like real life, though, the reality television stars have their fair share of ups and downs. Unlike most of us, their downs tend to get a little more press than the average person. Some of that press happens to focus on their financial trouble, with quite a few cast members needing to use GoFundMe to ease their troubles. Below, we take a look at which cast members have started a GoFundMe page.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThe holidays can be tough on a lot of us, and last year's holiday season caught up with this Season 2 cast member. Danielle Jbali stated that her main job got cut back to 20 hours per week in late 2018, and although she was able to get a second job, she was still having trouble making ends meet. Being behind on her rent, one of Danielle's friends set up a GoFundMe for the reality star, and while it didn't reach the goal she originally set, the $658 it raised, along with some other help from fans of the show, was enough to pull Danielle's family through the darkness.On her Facebook page, Danielle sent this message out to her fans:“I want to thank everyone who donated to the GoFundMe Opens a New Window. that was set up by a friend. It showed me that there are people who care and do it out of the kindness of their heart. It really helped and I was able to pay what was behind with my money and paid what was due for December. I started my new job this past Wednesday so that will help. I also would like to thank everyone who as ordered cameos and autographs from me because that money has helped too. I want to say thank you to all my supporters, family and friends throughout the last four years and I hope you continue to follow me.”Steven and Olga recently set up a GoFundMe page for Child Expenses. The couple looks to set up their life in America together as Olga completes her K-1 visa process. Steven said he is currently in a four-year apprenticeship to become a Fire Sprinkler Installer. His current salary of $16/hr isn't enough, as he stated that they face hardships as "Olga will be unable to work for an extensive period of time" and he just landed this job opportunity. As he also stated on the GoFundMe page, "Desperate times call for desperate measures," and the campaign was able to raise almost $6,000 of the $15,000 goal they had set.Cast members Paul Staehle and Karine Martins have had their fair share of public ups and downs, but in order to send his fiancé home to Brazil for the holidays, Paul set up a GoFundMe campaign back in early 2018. While the fundraiser has been since deleted, this is what it originally stated (per In Touch Weekly):"Money is for round-trip travel for Karine to go to Tonantins to visit her family for Christmas and be able to buy them all gifts. Anyone that knows Karine knows she has a heart of pure gold and her family is her number one priority. Spending of any funds from here will be documented via self-took pictures and self-made videos. This is for travel from Manaus to Tonantins. This is not for international travel. Any money over travel costs Karine will use for gifts. The gift shopping, travel, and exchanging of gifts and family Christmas will all be self-documented with self-produced videos and pictures."This situation is a little bit different from the previous GoFundMe campaigns because it was only set up by Larissa Dos Santos Lima, but still involves her husband Colt Johnson by proxy. Dos Santos Lima actually set up the fundraiser after stating that she needed money to hire three lawyers. She said she needed an immigration attorney, a defense attorney to fight a domestic violence charge and an attorney for her divorce from her estranged husband. While the campaign was raising hundreds of dollars for her, it was ultimately taken down by GoFundMe, and all of the money was returned to those who donated. No reason was given for the removal of the campaign.We met Jay Smith in Season 6 with his wife Ashley Martson. Over the past couple of months, there has been some drama surrounding the couple which ultimately led to Jay setting up the fundraiser to help him get on his feet and a place to stay after his apparent split from his wife. He was seeking to raise $5,000, but since then, the campaign has been deleted by either him or GoFundMe.Ashley, on the other hand, did take to her Instagram page to share a separate GoFundMe page that was looking to raise $50,000 to send her husband back to Jamaica. In the IG post, she said that it was a fake page, and she wasn't the one who set it up. She continued...“This is NOT my go fund me... however, if you would like to send me money I have no issue sending you my Venmo... And this is what we call a ‘JOKE’ but if you insist and continue to bash me for asking for money (because you can’t read) then here you go!”NEXT: 90 Day Fiance: 10 Facts TLC Tries To Keep On The Down-Low
Tags:
90 day fiance
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
It's obvious that many reality TV shows are completely over-the-top on purpose, exuding chaos and drama in order to draw in viewers who can't look away from the train wrecks of other people's lives that may or may not be true. Between couples with intense baggage, extreme age gaps, cliche ambitions, and much worse, the TLC program 90 Day Fiancé is the perfect example of everything that draws people into reality TV and it refuses to let go. It's so popular that it's seen several spinoffs, including 90 Day Fiancé: Happily Ever After?, 90 Day Fiancé: Before the 90 Days, and 90 Day Fiancé: What Now? Currently in its sixth season, the show has another spinoff in the works, 90 Day Fiancé: The Other Way. The original program focuses on citizens and their fiancés from foreign countries who have K-1 visas and 90 days to decide to get married. The new program will depict citizens leaving their country in order to live in their fiancés' nations.The outrageous amount of drama surrounding the couples as they contend with deception, culture shock, family, and friends to money and legal problems keeps the Internet buzzing with gossip, but there are some things that are just wrong with the show that aren't addressed much. Some just don't make sense, giving the show less credibility, but others are more nefarious in nature. Whether they are because we are fans who just can't look away or because looking too deeply might reveal some of our own internal prejudices, here are 20 Things Wrong With 90 Day Fiancé Everyone Chooses To Ignore.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewFrom the revelations that people truly don't know one another prior to obtaining their K-1 visas, to so many couples proving that they don't love each other at all, we have to wonder how on earth the couples obtained approval from the U.S. Consulate for a visa after filing an I-129F petition in the first place. Couples must prove actual knowledge and affection for one another during the interview to even get the K-1 visa for the 90-day period.Given that each participating citizen may only make around $7,000 in a season, it seems a paltry sum to risk something as big as your marriage and potential citizenship over. Any official witnessing the behavior on the show would question the validity of each relationship.Conditional green cards are valid for two years following a marriage, which means that any ended relationship prior to the end of that two years could result in them not receiving full citizenship. Upon the end of the two-year period, an official typically reviews the marriage to ensure that it's still in good, authentic standing in order to become approved for permanent status.The thing is, if the marriage fails to pass the test, they are often forced to leave the country due to fraud. Many couples have proven to be unable to meet this two-year minimum, most notably, Mohamed, who left Danielle and developed a fan following after he moved to another state. Molly Hopkins and Luis Mendez also split up after just a few months of marriage.In order to obtain the K-1 visa, you don't just have to look good on paper and be able to impress your interviewer. There's a big stipulation about support that has to be met and the United States citizen must prove that he or she can support his or her partner during the partner's stay in the country. While the “sponsor” doesn't have to be rich, they must be able to support their would-be spouse at 100% of the poverty level.That's not a barrier for many couples on the show, but there are some couples, like David and Annie, who live off their friends while neither has a job. David might have a Master's degree, but that alone doesn't bring home the bacon.While this point of contention is a sensitive one that gets more airtime on the Internet than others, it's still something that seems as if it would warrant more attention, particularly from immigration officials. Aleksandra and Josh's daughter, Kaya, is adorable, but the baby, whose parents are white, appears biracial.While Aleksandra has explained that her daughter's skin color is due to her grandfather's heritage, the mother has also been fairly evasive about answering questions. While normally that shouldn't be anybody's business aside from Kaya's parents, it could raise a flag for immigration officials. If the baby simply looks like her grandfather, or Josh decided to adopt the baby with Aleksandra, it still points toward a loving relationship, but if there's any question regarding her parentage, there might be some suspicion about the marriage as well.Pedro and Chantel displayed so many problems on the show that it's a wonder they even obtained their K-1 visa in the first place. Between the constant fighting and manipulation between them and their families, there were already a lot of red flags to consider prior to granting any kind of citizenship, but Pedro openly admitted to marrying Chantel in order to send his family money, which is marriage fraud.Pedro obviously isn't the only person to marry someone for money, and some cast members, like Anfisa, want the glamorous things money can buy and enter a relationship where the opposite partner makes promises that they can't keep. Some partners even stole money from one another on the show.When Alla told Matt's buddies that she really wasn't in love with him “yet,” that should have been a red flag to alert immigration officials that their coupledom wasn't one out of love. She revealed not only that she didn't love the man, but was using their marriage as a way to travel to the United States and get a green card.Several couples on the show have expressed not having romantic feelings toward their partners, which should make any immigration official raise an eyebrow. Some other couples may still express love, yet obviously dislike one another from their actions, like Andrei, who was a control freak dictating what Elizabeth could and could not do once he joined her.Filing your paperwork for the K-1 visa prior to meeting your partner is typically illegal. You can only file it once you've met, get to know your partner, and know that you truly want to marry them. When it comes to Nicole and Azan, the show makes it seem as if they filed their paperwork before meeting, given Azan's surprise over what Nicole looked like. After we saw his displeasure upon seeing his new girlfriend, and he revealed that he was merely “55% attracted to her,” it was obvious that they didn't know each other at all.While many couples don't seem to know each other well on the show, these two are a glaring example of a couple who obviously shouldn't have had their petition for the K-1 approved.So, you're just going to enter the U.S. and become a world-famous hip-hop DJ or model, are you? That seems to be the fairytale many newcomers on the show repeat to the point of sounding like a cliche. We can't be expected to believe that so many people might naively believe that they'll make it big as a model or DJ or whatever other “fun” job they dream about as soon as they marry a U.S. citizen. The notion is absolutely laughable.Then again, some citizens report having traveled abroad only to be asked if they have horses or if they go to Hollywood regularly, so perhaps some people might believe that anyone can just become Diplo or Kendall Jenner. After all, social media has launched many otherwise dubious personalities into superstardom.With so many reboots, sequels, and prequels in development, is it really any wonder that TLC is recycling old plots with new twists? 90 Day Fiancé is really just another show about odd couples who don't seem to belong together based on their mismatched interests and a hurdle of immigration thrown in. Instead of a tall person matched with a little person, they've got couples with different religions, backgrounds, and extremely varied expectations who react to these differences on camera.Knowing this might make some fans who dislike formulaic plots wary of watching the show, but given that we're always going to have different couples featured each season and the popularity hasn't dwindled, yet, it's likely going to continue being produced for a while... at least until TLC comes up with a new angle.Plenty of couples on the show prove time and time again that they truly did not know one another prior to obtaining their K-1 visas, prompting the rest of us to wonder just who approved them. One example was that of Mohamed and Danielle, a couple so loveless that Mohamed wouldn't even kiss her when they got married. There were so many lies between this couple that it's hard to keep track, but Danielle's criminal history was one big part of her life that Mohamed had no idea about that needed to be revealed during their Consulate interview.Of course, given how dishonest the pair were to one another and all of the shenanigans Mohamed, now a social media star, pulled later, perhaps they were both simply well-schooled in deception.Some of the relationships on the show are so glaringly fake that it feels as if TLC just randomly found people and offered them the job for some media exposure. While some fake relationships, like Jorge and Anfisa, appear to be fake on the inside, but carefully constructed by the couples on the outside in order to gain something from one another, others like Mark and Nikki, make you question how they met (and how well they know one another) in the first place.Couples like Larry and Jenny are so fake that they feel as if they truly dislike one another, and while we all know couples who started out head-over-heels only to develop a deep-seated displeasure for each other, Jenny especially seems to have disapproved of her beau the moment she laid eyes on him.Remember when Chris asked Annie for that “Thai massage”? It was totally scripted. It was so bad, in fact, that they had to do multiple takes to get the uncomfortable Chris to ask it without sounding weird, which is impossible given that it's already a weird request. It was perfectly acceptable for Chris to ask Annie, who'd be living off Chris and Nikki while she and David attempted to get on their financial feet, to help around the house or with meals during their stay with the couple, but the massage comment was way too weird.It turns out that it wasn't Chris's idea at all. Since then, many couples have come out to reveal moments in the show that were scripted or edited for more drama.Have you ever noticed how all of the women on 90 Day Fiancé seem to sit as if they are cramped up in a boxcar, hitching a ride among the rest of the freight across the country? It's apparently a thing that the women are asked to do. Anfisa Arkhipchenko says that it's very uncomfortable and asked fans to tell TLC so she wouldn't have to sit that way anymore.The cause for the sitting positions is unknown, with some fans guessing that it's to make the women appealing and others suggesting that it just makes them seem “more casual.” How sitting like an Elf on a Shelf is casual, we don't know, but it looks so unnatural that we agree with Anfisa on this one.For a show that's so dramatic, with surprising reveals splattered throughout each series, it's often pretty dull. Each couple's challenges are repeated over and over again until we are sick of hearing about 401(k)s taken out for the show, or the same arguments a family member or friend is going to make on one episode after previously making it on another episode.Shows with a true buildup, like How to Get Away with Murder or This Is Us, don't have to repeat themselves over and over again to fill up the minutes before the big drop. Of course, they're also fully scripted and not reliant on unpredictable couples, so maybe we should give the show some slack during these moments.Remember Myriam and Patrick, who didn't even make it beyond the whole “I have a boyfriend already” stage? There was a whole buildup about what kind of information Myriam was hiding and, lo and behold, it was simply that she already had a boyfriend and was completely wasting Patrick's time, as well as ours. Patrick didn't even seem as surprised about the revelation as he should have, and Myriam, who claimed that she didn't think a man who bought a plane ticket to France to visit her was serious, appeared bored throughout the whole meeting.This is just weak storytelling, since the producers of the show should have been vetting each cast member to ensure that each person was invested in their relationships, or at least the show.Aren't you glad that all of your breakups aren't televised? Every single time Jorge and Anfisa broke up, the cameras were rolling, which prompts us to ask: Did they break up a whole lot more often than we saw or were all these breakups planned for some dramatic footage? Given other things we ignore about the show on this list, we think it's probably that their arguments were all set up to occur during filming.Between Jorge's lies, the constant motel moves, and Anfisa's odd expectations and behavior, we think the two already had enough to air on television without breaking up all of the time, but maybe TLC felt like they needed just a bit more drama.Age may be just a number, but there's a certain type of man out there who prefers a woman he can mold and control, which is a completely different arena. Several men on 90 Day Fiancé exhibit this preference to the point where it's downright off-putting. Sean bringing 20-year-old Abby those undergarments, whether for her business or not, gave us the heebie jeebies, and 58-year-old Mark's treatment of 19-year-old Nikki made us look away every time they were on screen together.That's not to say that there aren't any enormous age gaps between couples where an older woman hopes to control her beau, because those also exist, with the infamous Danielle serving as one of the most prominent examples.Many people felt sorry for Nicole when gym enthusiast Azan met his girlfriend and dubbed her a little too heavy for him, especially when he wanted her to lose weight. Nicole, however, was physically and emotionally offensive toward Azan, pressuring her boyfriend into giving her physical affection in public when he clearly didn't want to. Had Nicole been a man, more viewers might have taken umbrage with her behavior. The two were obviously not matched from the start, especially given how they both got involved with other people.While we get that the petty dramas can be entertaining, the physical drama is just not okay.The process of immigration is a long, enduring process that should never be taken lightly. While it's true that someone obtaining immigration through marriage has less hurdles to jump than an individual seeking citizenship on his or her own, it remains a serious, drawn-out process that takes months to years to complete.While 90 Day Fiancé is without a doubt entertaining, it's also, like many reality shows, deceiving, as it misrepresents the immigration process. It's also not exactly a show about learning, but TLC has long since ignored that motto.--Did you notice anything else from 90 Day Fiancé (you probably did) that we missed in our list? Let us know in the comments below!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
WWE legend Shawn Michaels plays an abusive stepfather who's confronted by his son in the 90 Feet from Home trailer. Michaels wrestled professionally throughout the 1990s and retired in 1998. He came out of retirement in 2002 and wrestled for another eight years until his second retirement in 2010. Even after that, Michaels returned again in 2018 and joined forces with Triple H to take on The Undertaker at Super Show-Down. Michaels officially came out of retirement the month after to team up with Triple H for a match with both The Undertaker and KaneNow, Michaels is trying his hand at a different kind of drama with 90 Feet from Home. The film stars Adam Hampton (The Jurassic Games) as Scott Conway, a former Major League Baseball player who heads back to his Texan home to confront his abusive step-father, James Devine (Michaels). It's the latest movie that Michaels has appeared in over the past three years or so, following his roles in similarly small productions like The Resurrection of Gavin Stone and The Marine 6: Close Quarters.Related: Happy Death Day 2U Trailer #2: Let's Do the Time Loop AgainScreen Rant is exclusively premiering the 90 Feet from Home trailer ahead of the film's release later this year. The film was directed by Brett Bentman (Apocalypse Road, The Night Before) from a script he cowrote with relative newcomer Scott Davis. Michaels and Hampton are joined in the film's cast by Eric Roberts (The Dark Knight), Laura Menzie (Wander My Friends), and Thom Hallum (Bigfoot Wars), in addition to Lois & Clark and Supergirl's Dean Cain. You can watch the trailer below.Michaels has issued an official statement on his casting in the film, saying "As a former WWE Superstar, it's rare to get the opportunity to play a role with such range and depth. I'm eternally grateful they took the chance on me". Brentman has released his own statement on Michaels' casting and how he was perfect for his 90 Feet from Home role:"When we set out to find our "Jimmy Devine" it was a "comb the desert" sort of thing. No one really fit for a number of reasons. Luckily, I get to work with my best friend, who also happens to be my wife, and we were able to think outside the box and find Shawn. He was someone I grew up watching on my living room TV set as a kid in rural New Jersey... an icon, really. It's funny how these things work, because when Shawn stepped on set, he WAS Jimmy Devine and looking back, we can't imagine anyone else in that role."WWE alums have a mixed track record of success with movie acting overall, yet a growing number of '90s and 2000s wrestling superstars have hit it big in Hollywood of late. Dwayne Johnson, of course, is the best example of this, but actors like Dave Bautista and John Cena have also smoothly transitioned into working on high-profile franchise movies, with roles in tentpoles like Guardians of the Galaxy, Blade Runner 2049, and Bumblebee. Michaels hasn't gone that route yet, but who knows: he may yet carve out a comfortable niche for himself in smaller dramatic fare, starting with 90 Feet from Home.MORE: Every Movie Releasing in 2019Source: B22 Films
Tags:
90 feet from home
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Millennials might fondly remember Beverly Hills, 90210 as the quintessential teen drama, but they also remember that the series got a sequel on The CW simply called 90210. That series began in a similar vein: a family from the Midwest moves to Beverly Hills and must deal with culture shock of being around the rich and wealthy, while the teenagers have to learn to navigate the minefield halls of high school.The series did fairly well for The CW, and went on to run for five seasons. After the initial group of characters graduated from high school, the show followed them into college, where even more dramatic and scandalous events occurred.Although the series would originally feature a few members of the original cast of Beverly Hills, 90210, it eventually changed its focus to the new stars of that zip code, turning a new generation of actors and actresses into stars.Like the original, life on the set of 90210 was not always sunshine and roses. Scandals occasionally rocked cast members behind the scenes and the series has its share of secrets that rival some of the stories about Shannen Doherty on the original show.Here are 15 Dark Secrets Behind 90210.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewWhen a show gets canceled, the production team usually lets the cast and crew know first before the general public. For the cast of 90210, though, they learned about the show getting canceled from Twitter. Ouch. 90210 star AnnaLynne McCord called the news a "shocker" and stated that finding out through social media "wasn't cool at all." Of course, it was no secret that the show's ratings in its fifth season were less than stellar. But the news still came as a surprise to everyone involved with the production."The CW has had five great seasons with America's favorite zip code, 90210," CW network president Mark Pedowitz said in a statement. "I'd like to thank the talented cast, producers, and crew for all their hard work and dedication to the series. We are very proud of the West Beverly High alumni."Rivalries from the original Beverly Hills, 90210 continued to carry into the new series. Original series actress Tori Spelling found herself furious when she learned that The CW offered her less pay to return to the show than her original series co-stars, Jennie Garth and Shannen Doherty.While the network offered her $10,000 to $20,000 per episode, Garth and Doherty got an offer of $35,000 to $50,000. Spelling demanded equal pay, but the network refused. This resulted in her almost not appearing on the show. The official excuse about why Spelling is not in the pilot is that she was busy giving birth to her second child. But she and the network must have worked something out, because she did turn up in later episodes.There was one scene on 90210 that particularly traumatized AnnaLynne McCord. On that series, her character, Naomi, was the victim of assault by someone she knew. That scene left McCord sobbing uncontrollably, making her co-stars believe that her reactions were due to her acting skills.Eventually, though, McCord opened up and admitted that she was a victim of assault in real life. The actress courageously came forward and told her story to the public. After the incident, she stated that she felt depressed, and even suicidal. But she also stressed that she felt it important to tell the world what happened. And this was well before the #MeToo movement."'You have a voice," she said to Cosmopolitan. "Don't put yourself in a box. Don't let the polite lies of society silence you," she said.In 2012, actor Tristan Wilds disappeared from 90210 for several episodes,while he battled an illness. The actor contracted a fungal infection called coccidioidomycosis, or Valley Fever, which is fairly common in California. He was sick enough to get hospitalized, which meant that he could not work. Fortunately, the 90210 writers had an easy way of writing him out of the show, at least temporarily. His character, Dixon, was a singer. That made it easy: the writers just sent him off on tour until Wilds recovered and could get return to the set."(It is) something like pneumonia... it's called Valley Fever... I been in the hospital for the last 3 weeks," Wilds tweeted. "It's gonna be a while (before I get better)... I can't wait till I come back to set... Just nursing myself back to full strength."It's no secret that Hollywood puts undue stress on actresses when it comes to their bodies. This is why many actresses suffer from eating disorders and body dysmorphic disorder. Images of the actresses from 90210 brought attention to the fact that they were very thin, seemingly too thin.The story even ended up on the cover of US Weekly, with claims that Jessica Stroup, as well as McCord and Grimes, received orders from The CW to gain weight. The story also mentioned that their 90210 co-stars planned an intervention to get them the help they needed. Entertainment Weekly asked if they were setting a bad example for their young audience, and there were even claims that The CW execs wanted them to stay thin. Talk about mixes messages.For TV fans who remember the original Beverly Hills, 90210, they generally recall it fondly, in spite of its own dark secrets and scandals that happened behind the scenes. The reboot of 90210 on The CW tried to capture that magic in a bottle for a second time. That included adding original series cast member Jennie Garth, returning to her role of Kelly Taylor. Although Garth appeared in many episodes of the new series, she still seemed unimpressed with the new cast and its stories."That's an example of a cast that really didn't have that chemistry, you know," Garth said in an interview. "It's hard to find actors who have that. It's like lightning in a bottle, and you either have it or you don't."Actors don't always have a say in how their characters get written and sometimes disagree with a character's storylines. This happened in season four with Annie, as portrayed by actress Shenae Grimes. Annie was a young woman trying to hang on to her Midwestern roots. But in season four, she became an escort who seduced a priest. Grimes admitted that she had trouble finding a connection with Annie during that season."To me, it seemed really off-base that my character would even be behaving that way, because she does come from a pretty solid family and there was never any mention of her reaching out to her parents at all for money or anything," Grimes said. "I mean, they had a house in Beverly Hills, her mom's living in Paris — it's not like they're broke! So I couldn't really wrap my head around the thought process behind what was going on, so that made it difficult."When The CW abruptly canceled 90210 after its fifth season, the cast and crew scrambled to put together something of a decent ending for fans. But fans weren't happy with the fact that McCord's character, Naomi, ended up with Jordan (Robbie Jones). It seems that it wasn't just fans that felt unhappy about that, though: McCord herself wasn't thrilled with how things ended for Naomi.So McCord did something about it: she recorded a video with her own ending for the series, which featured her getting back together with her former husband, Max. The video featured a lot of photos of Naomi and Max, as well as a surprise scene with Max's actor, Josh Zuckerman, where the two characters declare their love for each other.As series progress, some characters become more popular with fans than others. This usually leads writers to re-think who the real stars of the show are. In the case of 90210, the series began its focus on Annie and Dixon, who producers intended to become the new Brenda and Brandon. This is evident in promotional posters released for the first season: there's Annie front and center. By the fourth season, though, the focus of the show changed, as seen in the image above.The character with most of the focus became Naomi, who ended up getting a lot of attention, both onscreen and off. Annie and Dixon were still there, but much of their drama became mostly forgotten, much like the Midwest they moved from. Welcome to Hollywood, kids.In season one, the series introduced the character of Ethan, as portrayed by actor Dustin Milligan. Ethan was a good-looking jock who really didn't have a lot going on story-wise, especially as a good boy. Instead, the series decided that he was boring and replaced his character with Liam, as portrayed by actor Matt Lanter. Liam was a bad boy, which meant that producers felt he would provide more drama and be more interesting to fans.Milligan sort of faded out of view on the show, gone and quickly forgotten. Most critics agreed that the change was necessary: the new series needed a bad boy like Dylan McKay from the original show. Liam became a hit with fans and stuck around until the show ended in 2013.Andrew Keegan (10 Things I Hate About You) was once a teen heart-throb, but he eventually went on to found his own cult-like religion called Full Circle. It was sort of a new age spiritualism thing that he insisted was more "community" than cult.Not only did the "community" get investigated for selling illegal kombucha, but it also had some financial issues that left it without a building (you can't practice enlightenment without a temple, apparently). However, even after these problems, Keegan continues to hope that the movement can and will continue, even stating on Instagram that he has some potential investors. At one time, McCord was a member of the Full Circle movement, but there is no word if she is still a member.Leave it to the Parents Television Council (PTC) to hate something as wonderfully dramatic as 90210. But the council, which often decries that most television shows set bad examples for teens, also wanted to really hate on 90210 and warned advertisers about the series due to the fact that they felt that it would glamorize all kinds of debauchery. This came on the heels of The CW barring anyone from seeing advanced episodes of the show before its premiere. PTC thought this was due to its attack on a similar show on the network, Gossip Girl.The CW denied that, though, stating that "withholding the advance screener for 90210 has nothing to do with content concerns and everything to do with strategic marketing for the most anticipated new show of the fall season."Rob Thomas is pretty well-known to TV fans. He not only brought us Veronica Mars, but is also the brains behind zombie comedy iZombie. Thomas also created the new version of 90210 and was originally supposed to serve as the series' showrunner. Then other projects got in the way and Thomas stepped down from the series because he needed time to work on other projects.It's likely that 90210 would have been a completely different series had Thomas stayed on, and it's even possible that the series would have seen more than five seasons. So what were those projects that kept him busy? One was a remake of '90s show, Cupid, and a crime dramedy - neither of which ever made it to series.It usually doesn't bode well when a series goes through showrunners like a fashion runway model goes through underwear. But 90210 had a lot of drama with its showrunners, right from the beginning. After Rob Thomas stepped away to focus on other shows before the series even got cast, Gabe Sachs and Jeff Judah stepped in as executive producers. They oversaw the first season, which was not all that successful.The CW then hired Rebecca Sinclair to take over as the 90210 showrunner with an idea to focus more on the female characters, something Sachs and Judah weren't as experienced with. Sinclair stayed through the show's third season, but then stepped down after her contract expired. After that, The CW tapped Patti Carr and Lara Olsen to take over Sinclair's duties, and then the show got canceled after its fifth season.One might think that most of the actors from the original series would be gung-ho to get back to work on a series reboot, but there were three actors, in particular, who did not want to have anything to  appear in the new 90210.Ian Ziering stated that returning to that famous zip code would be a backward step for his career, which is probably a good thing because he went on to do multiple Sharknado movies. Jason Priestly had no interest in returning as Brandon, although he did direct a 90210 episode. Luke Perry also stated early on that he had absolutely zero interest in returning to Beverly Hills to reprise his role as Dylan, although he did sign up for teen drama series Riverdale.---Do you have any other dark 90210 secrets to share? Leave them in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Having pinned down the 15 Best Movie Posters of the 1980s, we now move on to the decade of the '90s. While the '80s gave us some amazing traditional illustrated posters, the 1990s was a transitional decade where studios and marketing companies started to rely heavily on photography. Prints and advertising (P&A) campaigns would key focus towards TV commercials more than ever before. Artists like Drew Struzan and John Alvin were looked as luxuries, as graphic designers and photo-illustration became the norm.Even with this industry shift, some quintessential one-sheets were produced that are on par with the best selections from any era. Talented designers, art directors and illustrators would team together to create lasting images that not only sold the movie, but brought life to popular worlds and characters. No matter the genre from action films, drama, science fiction and blockbusters, these movie posters defined '90s entertainment while influencing many storytellers of today.While cinephiles may be disillusioned by the poster trends and templates that started in the '90s, we embrace the rich creations that made us fans of certain movies. We picked out the best original theatrical posters, and they comprise our take on the 15 Best Movie Posters Of The 1990s.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIn 1996, 20th Century Fox rolled out a massive advertising campaign for this blockbuster, which included a pricey Super Bowl commercial, cross-promotional deals, various trailers and a big one-sheet push. The film’s massive success is tied directly to this cutting edge marketing plan that would be repeated and utilized by other studios going forward. The movie also made the July 4th holiday weekend perhaps the most coveted spot on the summer release schedule, one that studios still battle for today.The movie itself is a '50s science fiction B-movie on steroids, as creators Roland Emmerich and Dean Devlin pumped it with big time special effects and action. The end result was the first true global disaster blockbuster that became one of the high-grossing films ever, making Will Smith into an A-list movie star in the process.BLT Communications, LLC created three primary movie posters for the film’s release, with all three emphasizing the size of massive spaceships in comparison to the earth. While the teaser poster (style B) had the tagline “EARTH. Take a good look. It may be your last”, the main theatrical one-sheet tagline was: “We’ve always believed we weren’t alone. Only July 4, we’ll wish we were.” In destroying cities and national landmarks, Independence Day is now looked as the Godfather of mass destruction films.It’s a safe bet that had smooth-talker Trent Walker (played by Vince Vaughn) looked at the movie poster for 1996’s Swingers, he would have told it: “You’re so money and you don’t even know it!” This quintessential Los Angeles comedy ended up becoming a piece of Hollywood lore. On a next-to-nothing budget, the film was a box-office hit, launching the Hollywood careers of three mega talents in Vince Vaughn, Jon Favreau and director Doug Liman (The Bourne Identity, Edge of Tomorrow).Written and starring Favreau, the indie hit was able to capture the singles nightlife in Hollywood while incorporating the swing revival that was occurring in the city at the time. The wonderful one-sheet is a natural extension of that party vibe, with Vince Vaughn front and center. His character serves as the M.C. of mayhem -- a sort of out of control, skirt chasing Jiminy Cricket -- wearing his shades as he offers you a martini to join.From the matchbook logo and '50s diner font, to the tagline: “Cocktails first. Questions later”, the poster sold free-wheeling adult fun to audiences. Tod Tarhan who was the creative director at Miramax Films at the time, helped design this poster, along with the B-theatrical one-sheet that included Favreau and Heather Graham in the design.If you’re not a fan of romantic comedies, then this pick definitely isn’t for you. A pop-culture hit and easily a Top 5 romcom pick is the hooker turned princess Cinderella story that starred the winning combination of Richard Gere and Julia Roberts. As successful and loved as the movie is, the film’s poster is just as important to the genre itself.Over the past 20 years, almost every marketing campaign for a romantic comedy has copied some element from the Pretty Woman poster. From the playful back-to-back positioning of the stars, to the white backdrop and vibrant pink lettering, and the title’s vertical placement, the poster has become a go-to when creating one-sheets to entice female audiences. Don’t believe us? Just take a look at the poster’s for How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, or Two Weeks Notice, or Ghosts of Girlfriends Past. We could keep going with more examples but that would be its own article.The film that made Julia Roberts a star and earned her an Oscar nomination went on to become a box office smash, raking in over $460 million worldwide. Fun fact: the poster features Julia Roberts’ head superimposed on the body of Shelley Michelle, as producers preferred the body double's curves.Based on James O’Barr’s comic series, the film poster for 1994’s The Crow already had a firm illustrated history to work with and build off of. While the film is a dark visual feast for the eyes, it will always be synonymous with the tragic death of star Brandon Lee (son of the legendary martial artist/actor, Bruce Lee).Intralink Film Graphic Design, founded by the influential graphic designer Anthony Goldschmidt, was tasked with selling the story of The Crow while at the same time honoring the memory of Brandon. The poster accomplishes just that, as out of a backdrop of darkness, a block of white light surrounds Lee as the title character. Resting at the top of the layout -- in an almost solemn manner -- is Brandon Lee’s name with the tagline “Believe in Angels” referencing both the story of Eric Draven, the tortured avenging angel, and the late great Brandon Lee.Lee’s amazing performance, coupled with the noir fantasy world director Alex Proyas was able to build, helped make the film a cult classic hit that would spawn sequels and a television show. The film’s crow logo at the lower half of the poster has gone on to become a symbol of the character and property as well. Whoever ends up mocking up the poster for the upcoming Jason Momoa-starring reboot would be wise to take a page out of Intralink's playbook.With Halloween behind us and Christmas ahead, now is the perfect time to embrace the beautiful macabre world of Jack Skellington. Tim Burton’s 1993 animated classic, The Nightmare Before Christmas, is so original and visually rich that this stop-motion musical helped revolutionize animated films, opening the doors for companies like Laika to break into the industry.The one-sheet has reached into many facets of pop-culture, as its the foundation on which the massive Nightmare merchandise machine is built off of. The poster’s imagery is used on all packaging, for practically any item or apparel that can be sold at stores or on Amazon. The poster depicts a scene in the film where Jack Skellington is walking through a graveyard singing the song “Jack's Lament”, describing how he’s grown tired of the same old Halloween routine and has come to long for more. Jack walks out onto a curled cliff standing in front of the full moon, with a jack-o-lantern patch below. The striking image harkens back to the iconic poster of 1982’s E.T. with Elliot and E.T. on a bike flying past the moon.The spooky yet playful poster successfully showcases Burton’s trademark gothic style, with the oddly shaped terrain, sinister pumpkins, and orange title text popping out!Who would have guessed that a movie about raucous heroin addicts living in Edinburgh, Scotland would strike a chord with the youth subculture?! But that’s exactly what 1996’s Trainspotting did, as audiences met the film’s manic over-the-top cast of characters, Renton, Begbie, Sick Boy, Diane and Spud. As director Danny Boyle (Slumdog Millionaire, 28 Days Later) prepares for the upcoming release of the sequel, T2: Trainspotting, the original based on Irvine Welsh’s novel is what first gained him fame and recognition in the movie industry.As the film rolled out first in the UK and overseas, the international poster design was handled by the creative agency Empire Design, who chose to use individual character posters, stressing the importance of the film’s personalities. From the character’s poses to the numbering system pulled directly from Welsh’s book, designers Mark Blamire and Rob O’Connor knew the raw visual power these individual one-sheets would have over a group shot.The US poster, however, was handled by Miramax Films, with Tod Tarhan once again involved. Combining the individual black and white photographs, Miramax created a group shot that still had ties to the international campaign, with the bold orange Helvetica title, to the grid “train station” layout. The tagline paragraph of “Choose life. Choose your future” perfectly conveyed the film’s provocative view on life.Tod Tarhan’s name keeps popping up, as he was involved in creating pieces of key-art for virtually every movie that came from Miramax Films or Dimension Films (Miramax’s genre label) in the 1990s. In 1996, Dimension Films released Scream, directed by horror legend Wes Craven and based off a script from Kevin Williamson (The Vampire Diaries). The film became the face of horror movies in the '90s, reviving the slasher subgenre and horror industry as a whole, which has grown stagnant since the end of the '80s.“What’s your favorite scary movie?” is the memorable line most people associate with this postmodern horror film. While the film’s marketing campaign didn’t incorporate that line in any of the artwork, it did have two posters that were highly influential. The main theatrical one-sheet featured a black and white photographic image of a young woman with a shocked look and a hand over her mouth, preventing her from doing what the title suggests. In lieu of blood and gore, the poster sold mystery and style.The B-style poster kept the black and white image, but this time placed the young attractive cast, featuring the likes of Drew Barrymore and Neve Campbell, into the foreground. For the remainder of the decade, almost every horror film would copy this layout of a body-less cast staring at the viewer.While buzz keeps mounting for next year’s upcoming live-action version of Disney’s Beauty and the Beast, it will have to be surprisingly good to even come close to the original 1993 animated film. During the early '90s, Disney was experiencing an animation renaissance, starting with 1989’s The Little Mermaid, followed by the new mark in excellence with 1991’s Beauty and the Beast. A “tale as old as time” about an angry beast and his beautiful captive, Belle, won the hearts of viewers and became the first animated movie to be nominated for an Academy Award.Disney enlisted the talents of legendary illustrator John Alvin to design the film’s poster. As we previously noted, his work on movie posters like E.T., Blade Runner and Gremlins made him one of the greatest movie poster artists. Disney was trying to achieve a sophisticated, timeless look with the one-sheet to attract adults as well as children. After designing a few concept art samples, Alvin captured the film’s magic and romance with the imagery of the pair’s silhouettes dancing while bathed in soft magenta and crimson colors. That simple yet compelling visual, along with the tagline “The most beautiful love story ever told” promoted the uniqueness of the film while cementing the poster as a beautiful work of art.If you stare at the theatrical one-sheet for 1991’s Silence of the Lambs long enough, a sense of unease and dread starts to creep in, which is exactly the design’s intention. Played by Anthony Hopkins for the first time in the film, Dr. Hannibal Lecter burst onto the pop-culture scene as one of the most terrifying characters in motion picture history. Hopkins’ masterful portrayal of the evil genius cannibal brought instant terror to audiences.In creating a poster image that conveys the dark, unsettling nature of the film, director Jonathan Demme and the marketing team made the star of the film, Jodie Foster, the main image. The black and white photograph of Foster’s Clarice Starling is haunting to look at, with her eyes colored in red and a moth superimposed over her mouth. While the moth is a direct connection to the film’s antagonist Buffalo Bill and his insect collection, upon inspection, the moth has a skull pattern design made up of seven naked women.  That image is a reproduction of “In Voluptate Mors” a photograph by Philippe Halsman based on Salvador Dali’s work.Films like the 2005 horror film The Descent have been inspired by “In Voluptate Mors” and Lambs, recreating the same women skull pattern design for their poster.When a movie poster can make a pink bar of soap look cool and make it work as its logo, you know the design team has a winner on their hands! Advertising firm Wieden+Kennedy was brought on board by 20th Century Fox to work on the marketing campaign for 1999’s Fight Club. When the firm first proposed to use the bar of soap as the main image for all marketing materials, Fox initially considered it a joke. But it wasn’t.The bar of soap is actually a constant element throughout the film, an extension of Brad Pitt's character, Tyler Durden. Not only is Durden a soap maker, but the same byproducts to make the soap also make the explosives Tyler and his Project Mayhem followers use to create chaos. The symbolism behind the bar of soap is meant to tie back to the story’s themes of gluttony, emasculation, greed and consumerism. As Durden notes in the film, he takes the fat of the rich and sells it back to them with the bars of soap -- for $20 a pop.The film’s tagline reads: “Mischief. Mayhem. Soap.”, and that's exactly what you get in the film based on the controversial novel by Chuck Palahniuk.The poster for 1984’s The Terminator is a classic for introducing the world to Arnold Schwarzenegger and the emotionless killing machine that he brought to life. For the 1991 sequel, Terminator 2: Judgement Day, James Cameron and the marketing team had their work cut out for them in delivering a one-sheet that had to be just as good and memorable as the one that proceeded it. Luckily for everyone, they did just that, as some fans believe Terminator 2’s poster surpasses the original’s in terms of iconic imagery and appeal.The poster’s design is a revamp of the original. Once again, Arnold Schwarzenegger is front and center, sporting a leather jacket, a large gun, and wearing those cool shades with that cybernetic eye glowing through. This time however, he’s sitting on a Harley-Davidson Fat Boy, which is prominently featured in various action sequences in the film. The placement of Schwarzenegger’s name in big bold red letters at the top is also a nice nod to the original layout.Marketing firm The Cimarron Group oversaw the campaign for the film, where they were tasked with selling Arnold as the hero rather than the villain this time around. He was a more likeable version of the T-800, and the new poster definitely reflected that. The poster’s appeal helped the movie become one of Hollywood’s greatest action films.Prior to 1999, no one had heard of bullet-time effects. That all changed with the revolutionary film The Matrix, which put slow-motion action into the forefront of action lovers' minds. The film shifted the entire industry, forcing studios and producers to rethink how action and science fiction films as a whole were made. With jaw-dropping, state-of-the-art special effects, this cyberpunk blockbuster made virtual worlds and all leather/vinyl attire the coolest thing in theaters. Directed by the Wachowskis, the film came out of nowhere to tell the story of Neo, aka ‘The One’. Believed to be the savior of humanity, Neo was destined to rescue the race from the artificial world known as the Matrix.Keanu Reeves was (and still is) an A-list level star, so he was understandably the main selling point of the one-sheet. In similar fashion to other action stars like Schwarzenegger as the Terminator, Keanu was decked out in all black with a trench coat, a big gun and some cool shades. Other members of Neo’s team are included, with Laurence Fishburne (who also got top billing), Carrie-Anne Moss and Joe Pantoliano rounding out the group shot.The poster’s designers also included the distinct vertical Matrix code in the background, giving the piece a futuristic tech feel. That, along with the blue & purple hues used, sold the unique Wachowski style.Oozing class, attitude and just being plain cool, the poster for Goodfellas is a go-to for any home-office or man cave. Next to The Godfather franchise, there’s probably no better mobster/gangster film in cinema history. The elegance and deadly intensity the poster gives off is right on point with the characters and story of organized crime.The one-sheet’s layout is split into two sections, with the title serving as the divider. The top half is all about the goodfellas themselves, featuring stars Roberto De Niro, Ray Liotta and Joe Pesci. These mobsters are dressed sharp, with key lighting illuminating their faces with the darkness around almost consuming them, serving as a metaphor for the lifestyle of crime in the film. The lower half of the image has the tagline “Three decades of life in the mafia” with a body lying on a New York City street. Even though the film takes place in the '60s, '70s and '80s, the cars and sidewalk vista shown, appear to be from the '40s or '50s.Martin Scorsese’s masterpiece was the first in his trilogy of crime dramas, followed by Casino and The Departed.For a film that’s based on a theme park of real-life dinosaurs, it makes a lot of sense that the theatrical poster is going to look like a corporate logo.With nothing but a basic black background and the tagline, “An adventure 65 million years in the making”, the one-sheet for Jurassic Park was all about the red and yellow Tyrannosaurs Rex stencil outline. Even though highly respected artists like John Alvin created poster designs for the film, Steven Spielberg and the team at Universal ultimately ending up going with the book jacket artwork from Michael Crichton’s novel. That simple black image of the T-Rex was created by designer Chip Kidd and was integrated into the logo for the movie poster. Tom Martin handled the rest of the logo’s design and art direction, with David Sameth overseeing the creative direction.That logo is just as important to the series as any characters or dinosaurs found within, helping build the franchise brand globally. From the toys to the merchandise and the real-life theme park rides (how meta), the key image has become one of the most recognizable posters ever. The one-sheet has lasting appeal due to its clean and clear design, becoming timeless to wide audiences searching for adventure and thrills.At the top of our list is arguably the most controversial, revered and influential movie of the 1990s, the one that cemented director Quentin Tarantino as a true auteur. Pulp Fiction is a postmodern film that combines razor sharp dialogue, violence, pop-culture references and dark humor to connect intersecting storylines of mobsters, small-time hoods and dangerous women. In order to capture the unique and innovative style of the movie, the one-sheet just had to go off the film’s title in order to do it justice. The title Pulp Fiction refers to those cheap dime novels and crime magazines of the early 20th-century, and the poster certainly reflects that.Since the movie is a homage to those pulp stories and the genre they defined, the poster’s design was made to mimic a pulp cover, placing lead actress Uma Thurman in the role of the femme fatale. Created by James Verdesoto of Miramax’s design team, the poster’s main image has Thurman in her Mia Wallace get-up, laid out on the bed, legs crossed behind her as she seductively smokes a cigarette. The addition of the gun, pulp novel (of the same name) and lighting gives the image a cool retro appeal.The red and yellow title block using the wood-cut style typeface, along with the 10-cent price tag and fake wear and tear, created an instant classic!---Did your favorite movie poster from the '90s make the cut? Let us know in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Television shows based on cult films are all the rage right now. Animal Kingdom, a dark Australian film released in 2010, has transitioned successfully to a TV series (with a few bumps along the way). The Coen Brothers 1996 classic Fargo has been both a critical and commercial success as an hour-long drama, with its third season beginning April 19th.  In addition, many other TV shows based on cult classics are in the works: The Lost Boys is going to be a TV show with Veronica Mars mastermind Rob Thomas at the helm, and so is Tremors, complete with original stars Kevin Bacon and Fred Ward.Considering that a few of these TV shows based on cult films were released in the 1990s (Tremors and Fargo, while The Lost Boys was released in 1987), we got to thinking about how a ton of movies from that decade would also work—maybe even work better—in television format. Here are 15 ‘90s Cult Classics that Would Make Excellent TV Shows:Click the button below to start this article in quick viewEver wonder what life was like for The Dude, say, from ages 18-35?  Since his recreational habits include driving around, bowling, and “the occasional acid flashback,” we think a TV series — most likely a prequel — that focused on the early adult adventures of The Dude, Donny, and Walter would be a welcome way to revisit this cherished-by-many late ‘90s classic. The Coen Brothers’ work has translated well from film to television with the aforementioned Fargo, and we think it would here, too — think Terriers meets Weeds, with a pinch of Workaholics.An hour-long drama would allow for season-long arcs, like the crime caper/kidnapping plot in the film, while also having room for character-centric episodes (what was life like for Walter when he returned home after the war? Who was The Dude’s first love? And wouldn’t ANY flashbacks of Donny as an awkward teen be welcome?) Many may scoff at a TV reboot of Lebowski, but most fans of Breaking Bad had trepidations about a prequel, and then they watched Better Call Saul.This campy summer classic — it’s set in a camp designated to straighten out gay teenagers — could have been ridiculous and terrifying. Instead, it’s a fun satirical romp that has maintained a loyal cult following. Orange is the New Black's Natasha Lyonne stars as Megan, a high school cheerleader with an almost unhealthy obsession with pink who, to the dismay of her uptight parents, finds herself attracted to other girls. They promptly send her off to True Directions, where heteronormativity is foisted upon everyone there. But when one of the camp instructors is RuPaul Charles out of drag, the satire and social commentary start seeping into every scene.The film would translate well to television for several reasons, chief among them being its setting, themes, and the timeliness of its subject matter. A 30-minute format would probably work best, with each episode featuring its characters finding new and creative ways to resist or get out of True Directions. This format would also allow the further development of its side characters, who weren’t as present as they could have been in the film. Plus, couldn’t RuPaul take a few minutes away from Drag Race to guest star or even potentially headline?We know what you’re thinking. “Didn’t they make this show already, and wasn’t it called The Office? Not quite. Fans of both this much-beloved Mike Judge creation and the US/UK TV shows know that while there are similarities (disgruntled employees, criticism of the drone-like environment of many office jobs, etc), there are more differences than commonalities. (Lumbergh is a wretched human being and would make for a great season-long human antagonist, while Michael Scott is a kind-hearted marshmallow; Office Space isn’t a mockumentary — it’s a black comedy with gags that would play just as well on television.)A TV reboot of Office Space would have to land on the right network (HBO, Starz, maybe AMC at 10 PM) and have the right characters (Milton and Lumbergh are musts), but if those elements were in place, and if Mike Judge were involved somehow, we have no doubt its dark workplace humor would translate well to the small screen.Writer/director Whit Stillman received an Oscar nod for best original screenplay for this film, his debut cinematic effort. Starring a cast of relative unknowns and set in and around Manhattan, Metropolitan examines a group of preppy college students and their world of affluence, intelligence, and privilege – the film has literal debutant balls, and the term “urban haute bourgeoisie” is proudly used by one character to describe the group.But the film cannot be reduced to a bunch of rich kids pontificating about their status and interests — although that element is certainly there. The film is a richly textured examination of the internal struggles and insecurities we all face, regardless of wealth or stature. It features smart, introspective, and complex characters, as well as a critical examination of love and yearning. For example, when hearing his friend call the group “urban haute bourgeoisie,” or U.H.B. for short, Nick, the group’s cynic, notes out loud that the acronym would be pronounced “uhb,” bringing to light the ridiculousness of the term, and revealing a depth of character and an inner struggle that would translate well to television.A unique take on contemporary love stories, Love Jones stars Nia Long as Nina, an up-and-coming photographer, and ‘90s indie staple Larenz Tate as Darius, a poet/writer. The film is a critically acclaimed look at the complications of love, timing, and relationships, and it left audiences seriously yearning for more. A television show based on the film would be an excellent way for fans to get their much clamored for continuation and further exploration of Nina and Darius’ relationship.That’s not to suggest that only fans of the film would flock to the TV show. Nearly everyone can relate to the film’s unflinching take on romantic notions versus actual reality, and a Love Jones TV show would fit perfectly in today’s TV landscape. While some of the film’s elements feel a bit dated (Darius’ obsession with spoken word poetry, or Nina getting jealous over messages left on his answering machine, for example), these things could easily be modified and updated to make the show more contemporary in feel.Ben Stiller directed and starred in this angst-filled Gen X masterpiece. The film featured a stellar ensemble that included Winona Ryder, Ethan Hawke, and Steve Zahn, and we think it would work just as well as a contemporary TV show with a cast of struggling, educated Millenials trying to find their place(s) in an ever-evolving job market.The movie was all about a moment in time — the year or so after college graduation, where adulting moves from abstract concept to, well, reality. A TV series could expand upon that moment, as well as further explore the struggles many young adults face while trying to find their respective places not only in the workforce, but in relation to others, and to the world. The film had a good balance of humor and brevity (Janeane Garofolo shines as the dry, sarcastic member of the group, and characters like both hers and Zahn’s would have to be present to maintain that humor), and like many entries on this list, would fit right in today, considering contemporary issues like unemployment and the costs of student loans.This 1996 black comedy starring Cameron Diaz and Courtney B. Vance as liberal grad students who host weekly feasts that end up turning deadly for invited guests whose politics they find uncouth would make a seriously fantastic TV show. The film is centered on and around five graduate students who live together in a huge house to share expenses while also venting about the injustices involved in conservative politics. When one roommate brings home a stranded hitchhiker who turns out to be a Nazi-sympathizing racist (played memorably in the film by the late, great Bill Paxton) who then threatens them, they end up stabbing him to death, which starts a deadly string of events in motion.They agree to invite a new dinner guest over every week — someone the planet would be better off without — and if that person can’t be reasoned with, they give him or her a drink of poisoned wine. The Last Supper would make a perfect TV show because it has a built-in format for a different and unique guest actor every week, and it would allow the characters more time for their actions to sink in. Considering today’s tumultuous political climate, it could be a perfect conduit for cultural and political comedy and/or satire.Starring Ione Skye and a teenaged Fairuza Balk as sisters stuck waxing wistful in a dusty small Southern town while living with their mother, a down-on-her-luck waitress, this film was as depressing as it was thoughtful. A TV interpretation of the film should still have both of those elements, because those things are prevalent in the lives of the film’s core characters, all of whom are decidedly female.There aren’t many TV shows that feature three strong female leads, but in Gas, Food, Lodging, women are the primary characters in the script; the male characters in the story tend to be rough desert winds, blowing in and out of the lives of the females, while the females stay ruefully grounded. The film’s many drifters provide another guest star-friendly element, and the varying ages of the three female leads (one is a teenager, one is in her early ‘20s, and their mother is a very young 40-something) would provide a rare forum for female stories and voices we don’t typically see or hear on TV much these days.Sure, deejays and radio in general are outmoded relics of yesteryear, but the characters, themes, and overall message present in Pump up the Volume would fit smoothly in contemporary times -- and in television format. The film’s alliterative protagonist, Mark “Hard Harry” Hunter, (played by Christian Slater) is an introvert who vents his frustrations about injustices in society on his pirate radio station. Give “Hard Harry” a podcast, or a YouTube channel, and the makings for an updated take on this thoughtful film are in place.The current television terrain is rough when it comes to intelligent yet realistic teen dramas — there just isn’t much genre work that encourages critical thinking out there. Making this movie into a TV show could change that. The film also features a smart and believable love story that would translate well to television, giving audiences a young couple they could both learn from and root for.Patrick Swayze, John Leguizamo, and Wesley Snipes starred as road-tripping drag queens in this mid-‘90s romp. The film explores gender and identity politics in fun and creative ways, and would fill a huge gap that only shows like Transparent currently occupy. The cast is racially diverse — another area in which modern TV is still lagging behind on in a major way — and seeing three diverse male leads explore gender roles and sexuality on a prime time drama would be a nice addition to current programming on any network or streaming service.An hour-long drama format for the reboot would be ideal. The show could focus on the drag queens’ cross-country car trip, or it could focus instead on what happens when their car breaks down in a small country town. Watching the townspeople react to and learn from three people vastly different than anyone they currently know is a perfect fish-out-of-water tale, sure, but it’s also an opportunity to create mind/eye-opening moments about tolerance and acceptance.On many levels, this is not a quality film. It has a plot that's flimsier than most coffee filters and more than one underwritten character — and record stores aren’t exactly a thing anymore. But all of these issues could be easily remedied in a television show. A TV reboot of Empire Records could work as either a 30-minute sitcom, or an hour-long dramedy, and it could nail the nostalgic factor by being set in the past, with its characters refusing to cross the digital divide the ways shows like Empire (no relation) have.The film also featured a soundtrack that was arguably better and more successful than the film itself, so music would have to be a crucial element of the show. At its core, though, Empire Records isn’t just about the ways we love or even need music. It’s a story about a disaffected group of young people who neither stand out nor fit in, so they seek solace in each other. If that’s not a concept worthy of further exploration, we don’t know what is.Marvel’s next foray into television should be a TV reboot of Darkman. While the film was an original screenplay written by Sam Raimi, it feels like a genuine comic book story (Marvel did create a few limited edition comics based on the film back in the early ‘90s), and its hero, Dr. Peyton Westlake, would fit in just fine on television today.Westlake is a scientist trying to perfect a type of artificial skin that would help burn victims when he becomes a burn victim himself after being attacked by members of the mob with ulterior motives. Left for dead, Westlake survives the horrific burns, escapes the hospital, and goes on to continue his work while also seeking revenge on the people who scarred him permanently. We’re not the first to think that making this film into a television show is a good idea — it has been tried once before, in 1992, unsuccessfully. But we can’t help but think the TV-verse has changed drastically since then, and with the backing of, say, the Marvelverse, the second time could be the charm. Plus, it can't be any worse than Iron Fist, right?David Cronenberg’s futuristic exploration of virtual reality, consciousness, and video games isn’t so futuristic anymore — and we think it would make an intriguing and timely television show. Its exploration of virtual reality and conscious awareness makes it a sort of Matrix-meets-Westworld hybrid -- but from the mind of Cronenberg, who has a very vivid, and disturbing, imagination.The film’s two main characters, video game creator and designer Allegra (Jennifer Jason Leigh) and Ted (Jude Law), a trainee with her company, are thrown together after an assassination attempt on Allegra’s life. Worried the only copy of her eXistenZ game may have been damaged in the assassination attempt, Allegra needs someone to plug into her VR game with her to test it out. And plugging in is a literal process — the VR game is inserted through players’ spinal columns, and once plugged in, people can no longer tell whose reality they’re in: theirs or someone else’s. Considering virtual reality is not only still around, but is being advanced in multiple ways, this film would make a unique TV show that would terrify people of many ages.Hackers wasn’t a great film by any means -- at times, it was clichéd, bland, and hokey -- but it had potential throughout, and it’s that potential that could be fully realized in the form of an hour-long drama. The film follows its protagonist, Dade (Johnny Lee Miller), an 18-year-old computer genius/hacker and his group of geeky, quirky fellow hacker friends. Complications arise when they face off against an evil genius (played in the film by Fisher Stevens) who heads up security at a multinational corporation and plans on framing the talented teens for his own malfeasance.Despite being over 20 years old, the film’s characters and subject material would fit in nicely in contemporary times. These days, hacking is more than just a hot button issue, and it’s one that could make for riveting drama if handled and examined with care. The supporting characters (which included a hilarious Matthew Lillard and a feisty, young Angelina Jolie) could also be developed more fully in a TV show, allowing us not to root solely for Dade, but for everyone involved.This film had some very dark and disturbing moments, and, coupled with its extreme vulgarity, the TV show version of Strange Days would be more at home on an HBO or a Showtime. Like eXistenZ, Strange Days imagines a world in which virtual reality has taken over. Inhabitants of the film’s world get “jacked in” by attaching “squids” to the bases of their skulls. Getting “jacked in” means that they can live vicariously, seeing and feeling other peoples’ lives. But watching these characters experience and/or watch other peoples’ realities can be a terrifying thing, as it turns out, particularly when some of those realities involve them helplessly watching the murder(s) of others, or in extreme cases, themselves.The film’s anti-hero, Lenny Nero (Ralph Fiennes) would make a strong central character, and the idea of entering someone else’s reality could be explored in numerous ways, chief among which is the idea that one cannot enter the reality of someone else without leaving their own reality altogether. It’s dense stuff, but we think a Strange Days TV show would be every bit as absorbing as Dollhouse or Westworld.--What do you think? Which ‘90s cult classics do YOU think would make excellent TV shows? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Is any film truly timeless? Perhaps not, but there are movies that have held up remarkably well over the years. Although the 1990s are now two decades behind us, movies like The Shawshank Redemption, Fight Club, and Jurassic Park remain just as fresh as when they were released in theaters.Then there is the other crop of films from the ‘90s, flicks that are nothing more than products of their time. These are the movies that were influenced by their era so much, that we just can’t get past the dated CGI, the obnoxious techno scores, the absurd lingo and dialog, and wacky plots about the internet.For this list, we’re taking a look at the films from the ‘90s that time has not been kind to. While they were once crowd-pleasers, they’ve each seen their popularity diminish over the years, either due to low production values, lame stories, or absurd acting.With that in mind, it’s time to take off those nostalgic drunk-goggles, and unearth some of these forgotten relics that have aged less like fine wine and more like vinegar.Here are the 15 Worst ‘90s Movies That Have Not Aged Well.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIt’s no secret that comic book movies get better looking each year. Technological effects, like in Spider-Man: Homecoming, are now bigger and brighter than they have ever been. It’s difficult to remember a time when superhero flicks didn’t have jaw-dropping visuals, but if one ever needed a stark reminder, all you would have to do is pop in a copy of 1997’s Spawn.After skyrocketing in popularity on page, Image Comics were quick to push out a live-action version to capitalize on Spawn’s success; we just wish they had spent a little more time on making it good.Besides a boring story and watered down subject matter, Spawn is notorious for having some of the worst visuals of any comic book movie. Today, the effects look completely dated, including a fully generated CG cape that would even the most dedicated Spawn fan roll their eyes in shame.Let’s hope that when the upcoming reboot starts production, they’ll dedicate a finer eye for the visual details.Paranoid blockbusters about killer machines were all the rage in the 1990s. Terminator 2: Judgment Day and The Matrix capitalized on audience’s fear that sentient computer programs would one day rise up and destroy us all. Though there are a number of these movies that haven’t seemed to age a day, there are many that have, including 1995’s The Net.Amazingly hokey and unbelievably dated thanks to its presentation of technology, The Net is one of those movies you can watch now and laugh out loud at just how bad the filmmakers got the future wrong.Although its themes of paranoia in the digital era are none more relevant than today, the Sandra Bullock lead movie really loses points with its technology, which chooses to depict things like computer viruses as pixelated graphics and flashy code flying across the screen. In reality, it’s usually just a boring piece of spam on your email; not really the same thing.Despite its absurd title, this 1992 horror/sci-fi comes straight from the mind of horror master Stephen King. The Lawnmower Man tells the story of a scientist who sets out to increase the intelligence of a simple-minded gardener through a virtual reality program.Now, we’d be lying if we said that half-baked plot earned the movie a spot on this fossilized list all on its own. Yes, the story is stupid, but what really makes The Lawnmower Man a ‘90s artifact are the visuals, which are so horribly outdated that they make the effects in Tron look state-of-the-art.Goofy, stilted, and just plain bad looking, the “virtual reality” scenes in Lawnmower Man look like cutaways from obsolete PlayStation One games.Watching it today, there’s just no way the viewer can suspend their disbelief that they’re looking into a state-of-the-art virtual reality program. If anything, visuals like these should have made the main character dumber, not smarter.Bearing no resemblance to Alexandre Dumas’ classic novel, 1993’s The Three Musketeers is a dumbed down faux pas that fits right in with all the other mindless action romps of the ‘90s.Unlike films such as The Mask of Zorro, for example, which provided a swashbuckling adventure with a clever new twist, Musketeers feels as fresh as a rotting hunk of cheese, with ‘90s relics Charlie Sheen, Kiefer Sutherland, and Chris O’Donnell jumping around from one bland set piece to the next.As a mid ‘90s action flick, The Three Musketeers is just as competent as any other film in its era, but where it really feels dated is in its execution. The movie is just a bunch of clichés strung together as an excuse for our heroes to get themselves in decently choreographed fight scenes.While the case could be made that films from the ‘70s and ‘80s are guilty of such lethargic exercises, The Three Musketeers is a movie so cheesy that it could have only been bankable in the 1990s.Statistically speaking, Hollywood remakes aren’t always that good. Sure, there are a handful of exceptions, like John Carpenter’s The Thing or Martin Scorsese’s Cape Fear, but most of the time, the word “remake” is simply a cash grab to make a quick buck on the name brand.Such was the case with 1997’s Flubber, a remake of the slapstick comedy The Absent Minded Professor. You might remember this wacky adventure with Robin Williams fondly as a grade schooler, but trust us. Watch it today and you will most likely realize it’s a flat, boring, cliché riddled mess with some of the most dated CG imaginable.Flubber took advantage of the then modern effects at the studio’s disposal, but watching animated green goo in a conga line just doesn’t hold up, both aesthetically and concept wise. We admit, youngsters might still have fun with this movie, but even they would have to completely turn off their brains nowadays; we’re talking sleep mode.Anybody who grew up in the 1990s probably remembers Dragonheart fondly, and how could they not? It starred Sean Connery as the voice of a giant fire breathing dragon, which was awesome. The film was praised at the time of its release for its amazing effects, even earning an Oscar nomination for its outstanding visuals.However, it has not stood up to the test of time. What was once spectacular in 1996 is now completely cheesy a little more than two decades later. Hearing Connery’s voice come out of a completely dated CGI dragon is comical in of itself.Even the most diehard Dragonheart fan would be hard-pressed not to burst out laughing as the scaly Scotsman gives sage advice to a confused looking Dennis Quaid.While some hardcore dragon-lovers might find this movie a fun piece of nostalgia, the rest of moviegoers probably remember it as that film with the funny dragon that talks like James Bond.Like a lot of video game movies, Mortal Kombat is a complete product of its time. The film’s break-neck fight sequences, dated visual effects, and blaring electronic soundtrack are all components that scream ‘90s.It had everything to entice prepubescent kids to line up at movie theaters, including over-the-top violence and a theme song that will stay in your head for days after the screening.Watching Mortal Kombat today is like visiting that kid in high school who still lives in his mom’s basement and watches wrestling. While everyone else has grown up and moved on, Mortal Kombat seems to be perpetually stuck in the ‘90s.Pop it in now, and you might still get a kick out of the cheesy dialog and goofy special effects as Scorpion fights Sub Zero, but you’ll most likely be laughing at the film rather than gasping when you were in the theater as a kid.For a brief time, Michael Douglas was the king of psycho-sexual thrillers involving deadly love triangles.What keeps Disclosure on the lower tier of these films, as opposed to something that has aged better like Fatal Attraction, is the very campy sci-fi elements. Mixed in with the admittedly taut suspense stuff is a bizarrely weird subplot involving virtual reality programs.Douglas' character works at Digicom, which sounds like a knockoff company from Office Space. The company spends their time developing a virtual reality program that's designed to make the task of file-scanning much easier, but instead makes the process much more difficult.It's a blatant attempt by the filmmakers to wow audiences with the then-modern effects-- effects that look cheesy today and completely derail any sort of momentum the film has. Full disclosure, if the sci-fi elements were completely removed, you might actually have a movie that aged fairly well.After Tim Burton’s gothic take on the Caped Crusader, director Joel Schumacher brought the character back to his campy side with 1995’s Batman Forever.While it wasn’t quite as cheesy as the 1960’s TV show, Schumacher’s take on the Dark Knight was definitely more day than night than the previous two movies, with bright colors, a light-hearted tone, and actor Jim Carrey hamming it up in green spandex.Though moviegoers and critics took it easy on the film’s release, age has not been kind to Batman Forever. Christopher Nolan’s Dark Knight Trilogy showed audiences just how grounded a Batman film could be, making Forever look considerably dated by today’s standards for the character. It’s hard not to cringe on a rewatch today, as things like awkward suit-up montages and cackling villains fill up most of the screen time.Before any of you get upset that we didn’t include Batman & Robin on this list, it sadly does not qualify. That film didn’t need two decades to age horribly; it was always horrible.In 1994, Fred Flintstone and his modern Stone Age family said goodbye to the small screen and “yabba dabba doo” to the bigtime with their first live-action movie.Stars John Goodman, Elizabeth Perkins, Rick Moranis, and Rosie O’Donnell brought everyone’s beloved cartoon characters to life, complete with home appliance dinosaurs and foot-propelled automobiles.Though it initially wowed audiences as a theme park ride on screen, today, The Flintstones is as dated and fossilized as the Stone Age from which they hail from.Watching the movie now, it’s clear that the script is a lazily put together collage to get audiences into seats, with everything from the costume designs and practical effects as nothing more than a visual time capsule of the ‘90s.When all is said and done, The Flintstones did more harm than good, paving the way for all the poorly received live-action adaptations of cartoons like Alvin and the Chipmunks, Scooby-Doo, and The Smurfs.Remember that friendly voice on America Online that said “you’ve got mail” every time you received a new message? Of course you do, everybody from the ‘90s does.In fact, that phrase was so popular that it even inspired someone to write a screenplay with that exact title, leading to a romantic comedy starring Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan as two business rivals who fall in love over the internet.You’ve Got Mail’s plot alone is enough to make it seem completely dated by audiences today, who are so immersed in Facebook and Twitter that they’re left scratching their heads by a voice that alerts you about a new piece of spam.The movie was made way back when AIM (AOL Instant Messenger to all you youngsters) was the thing of the future, giving audiences a warm, fuzzy feeling as two strangers fall in love over the internet.Today, people meet romantically online all the time, so much so that when Hanks and Ryan inevitably get together in the movie, the viewer is just left thinking, “so what?”Speaking of the internet craze, Hackers is a movie that completely capitalized on the whole cyber fad that was exploding in the mid ‘90s. In fact, it exploited the phase a little too much, marking this movie as the biggest culprit of a series of films that got future tech-- and even present technology-- totally wrong.Like Swordfish and War Games, it’s clear that Hackers knows absolutely nothing about computer culture or hacking. Everyone in the movie looks like they could double as a runway model, furiously stabbing away at their keyboards to make it look like they have some semblance of what they’re doing.Even more cringe-worthy is the “futuristic technology,” which mostly consists of laptops that would have been out of date about a decade ago. Nowadays, you’ll be more surprised at the hacking tech for how primitive it is rather than how cool it looks.Just this past year, fans were treated to a big-budgeted reboot of the Power Rangers. While it wasn’t the best movie in the world, it did at least have some cool looking visuals. The same cannot be said of its 1995 predecessor, a film that looks so nightmarishly awful, that it has the power to crush entire childhood memories.Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie might have had kids lining up around the block when it was in theaters, but, nowadays, all it does is send fans running for the hills. Everything in the film, including cringe-worthy dialog, extreme sports, campy costumes, and techno soundtrack, are nothing more than distant memories of a lost era.Worst of all are the computer generated Zord effects, which are now outclassed by graphics in a Sunny Delight commercial. Anyone who gave the special effects in this movie the greenlight in 1995 must surely be haunted by their decision two decades later.Though the Power Rangers movie might make you question what you were thinking when you were a youngster, nothing is more soul crushing than giving Space Jam a second viewing.Back in 1996, this was the hottest movie under the sun. Michael Jordan balling with the likes of Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck and Porky Pig was an idea so ludicrous, so utterly insane, that it had to be seen by kids and adults despite being a blatant cash-grab.Flash forward 20 years, and Space Jam is not the hilarious romp you remember it being. Rather, it is an awkwardly misplaced movie that puts Jordan’s terrible acting chops front and center.The gimmick of Loony Tunes running around with Mike on the court comes off as pitifully forced, and has aged worse than older movies that have used the same formula, such as Who Framed Roger Rabbit?Let’s hope that when the inevitable sequel with LeBron James happens, it has a little more thought put into it. Wishful thinking, we know.When you think of the original trilogy of Star Wars movies, the word “timeless” comes to mind. Forty years later, and they’re still able to pull in new fans with their timeless storytelling, charismatic characters, and imaginative practical effects.Ironically, the prequels have had the opposite effect over the years, becoming the flagship of Star Wars naysayers. Aside from a few supporters, they’re become more and more reviled by fans and casual audiences for their stilted acting, bad storytelling, and over saturated visual effects, and it all started with Episode I – The Phantom Menace in 1999.Though Star Wars fans were initially overjoyed to learn of new crop of films set in their favorite cinematic universe, that excitement has mostly dissipated into disillusionment over the years.A new term was even coined called “Phantom Menacing,” detailing the though process of thinking a movie is incredible on initial release, and then realizing later it’s mostly garbage.Thanks to entire sets created by horrible green screen CGI, a story that is as boring as it is predictable, and the infamous character known as Jar Jar Binks, Star Wars: Episode I gets our vote as the movie that has aged the worst from the ‘90s, and, possibly, of all time.---Do you know of any other '90s movies that haven't aged well? Let us hear about them in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Few networks ran with their niche programming better than Nickelodeon did—particularly in the 1990s. With the whole of their content aimed exclusively at teens, preteens, and kids in general, it would have been easy for the network to deliver several one-note shows that passed through the pop culturescape and were forgotten as quickly as they aired. But while the great majority of TV shows that aired on Nick in the ‘90s may be long gone, an enduring and loyal fan base has insured they won’t be forgotten anytime soon.Several Nickelodeon shows, from Double Dare to Rocko’s Modern Life, have either returned for a brief comeback or are currently in the process of getting rebooted. Others have simply failed to leave our memories—for many of us, weekend nights were SNICK nights, where we would listen to Clarissa explain it all before we totally became more afraid of the dark than ever. Put simply, Nickelodeon in the 1990s was comfort food, pure, pre-adolescent pop culture style. Considering our affinity for pop culture comfort food, we decided to take a look at what the stars of our favorite Nick shows of the '90s are up to these days. Here’s Where Your Favorite Nickelodeon Stars from the ‘90s Are Now.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewGirls loved Alex because she was cool, fun, strong-minded, and, well, she could turn into a puddle or literally disappear at will. Boys loved Alex because she was, well, a cute girl who could turn into a puddle at will. Much of Alex’s universal appeal came from her portrayer, Larisa Oleynik, who owned much of the decade after closing out the ‘90s with her role as Bianca in 10 Things I Hate About You. Oleynik possesses a silly, down to Earth charm that makes her all at once likable and relatable, and she has put that likability to good use since her days as a Nick star.In recent years, Oleynik has had recurring roles on Pretty Little Liars, Hawaii Five-O, and Mad Men, where she played Ken Cosgrove’s wife, Cynthia. After her time as Alex Mack ended, Oleynik attended Sarah Lawrence College before returning to acting. Look for her in several lower budget films later this year, including Accommodations and Wandering Off.Still best known as Alex’s best bud Ray, Darris Love has certainly branched out since his Alex Mack days. Love has remained in show business, appearing in numerous television shows and music videos. While he has never landed a lead/starring role since his days as Ray, he has had guest starring roles on Buffy, Angel, It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Shameless, and CSI, and he showed up in videos by Janet Jackson and Monica.Love has also showcased his talents vocally, as he lent his pipes/rapping skills to 2015’s Straight Outta Compton. While Love can’t be seen in the film, he can certainly be heard—he provided the vocals for Tupac Shakur’s raps throughout the movie. He can be seen next in the short film Q.SNL fans know all too well what’s up with this former Nickelodeon star. Thompson made a name for himself on Nick fare like All That and its spin-off, Kenan & Kel, where he honed his comedy chops and his natural gifts for physical comedy and pantomiming. After his days as a Nick teen star were over, Thompson continued making people laugh in multiple mediums.Thompson has worked as a voice actor in both television and commercials, but most people know him for his work on Saturday Night Live, where he has been a regular cast member since 2003, hilariously portraying everyone from Charles Barkley to Steve Harvey to Whoopi Goldberg. Thompson married model Christina Evangeline in 2011, and they have a young daughter, Georgia. Those interested in hearing more of Thompson’s voiceover work can check him out in 2018's Amusement Park, an upcoming animated comedy costarring Mila Kunis and Jennifer Garner.The other half of one of Nick’s best duos has also worked steadily since his SNICK days. Kel Mitchell, like his friend and former costar Kenan Thompson, has also worked in the industry as a voice actor for nearly 20 years. Mitchell was nominated for a Daytime Emmy for his vocal performance as T-Bone in Clifford the Big Red Dog, and he also auditioned for SNL around the same time Thompson did.Mitchell reportedly tanked his audition in front of Tina Fey, while Thompson went on to become on of the show’s staple stars, but that didn’t stop Mitchell from getting steady work. During recent years, Mitchell has returned to his roots, currently starring on the Nickelodeon sitcom Game Shakers as rapper Double G. He married an actual rapper, Asia Lee, in 2012.The Bar None Dude Ranch was definitely made merrier by Christine Taylor’s sunny lifeguard, Melody. Taylor, who got her start on the Nick series, later became well known for her hilariously campy portrayal of Marcia in The Brady Bunch movies, along with a memorable arc on Friends (she played Ross’s girlfriend Bonnie—y’know, the one who shaved her entire head bald at Rachel's suggestion?).Taylor also branched out into film, starring with then husband Ben Stiller in films like Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story and both Zoolander films. Unfortunately, this past May, she and Stiller split up in an amicable separation. Despite any happenings in her personal life, Taylor is still doing fun and quality work. She appeared in several episodes of last year’s surprise hit, Search Party, and she can currently be seen in Little Boxes, an independent film costarring Nelsan Ellis in his final film role.Irene Ng’s resume is all at once diverse, impressive, and surprising. After playing brainiac Shelby, a young woman who paved the way for female sleuths like Veronica Mars, Ng stepped away from show business to pursue other endeavors. Ng earned a BA in Economics from Harvard, and went on to work as an international banker with Merrill Lynch for seven years, traveling the globe before leaving the world of finance for yet another endeavor.In 2009, Ng, interested in providing her children with an opportunity to attend a school where they could speak and read Mandarin Chinese fluently, founded the Mencius Mandarin Preschool. Also certified in Childcare Management by NYU, Ng currently teaches Mandarin at the school, which is located in Connecticut. Grandpa Mike would be so proud!A virtual staple on many ‘90s TV shows, David Lascher was all over the place after his role as Hey Dude's Ted McGriff ended. Usually playing the sensitive boyfriend type, he had memorable parts on shows of the decade such as Blossom, Beverly Hills 90210, and, perhaps most memorably, Sabrina, the Teenage Witch, where he played the scandalous college dude Josh, who broke up über-couple Sabrina and Harvey.Lascher hasn’t spent as much time acting in the previous decade, although he did reunite with Sabrina costar (and fellow Nick star Melissa Joan Hart—more about her later) in Melissa & Joey, on which he had a multi-episode arc as Charlie, an old chum of Joey Lawrence’s character. Lascher has also branched out creatively, writing, producing, and directing his first film in 2014, Sister, starring Veep’s Reid Scott.Pass the sunblock, campers! What has Ug, the zany camp counselor of Camp Anawanna been up to, you ask? Since Nick’s early ‘90s cult hit, Salute Your Shorts, ended in 1992, Ug’s portrayer, Kirk Baily, has quietly become one of the most prolific actors in the business—although he hasn’t exactly been visible.Baily has been busy lending his vocal talents to a vast array of projects, from Frozen to Big Hero 6 to Cowboy Bebop. Coupled with his vocal work in video games like Shadow Hearts: Covenant, his list of voice acting credits is longer than the Game of Thrones cast list. Baily has also done a lot of post-production work, doing the ADR (automated dialogue replacement) work on over 40 TV shows and movies. Guess Ug’s vocal skills were just the beginning!Self-professed infinite child Mike Maronna, who played one half of Nick’s best sibling duo ever, is still having tons of adventures. After Pete and Pete ended in 1996, Maronna became widely known for his role as they hyper-energetic Stewart in the Ameritrade commercials that invaded televisions in the late ‘90s.Maronna has acted off and on since then, appearing in smaller parts in both TV and film, but he has largely been working behind the scenes for the past 20 years. He has worked as an electrician in television and film, working on Men in Black 3, Ugly Betty, and Elementary, to name a few. Fans of Maronna and those still obsessed with The Adventures of Pete and Pete, take note: Maronna cohosts the podcast The Adventures of Danny and Mike, with his Pete costar, Danny Tamberelli. Speaking of Little Pete…In addition to cohosting The Adventures of Danny and Mike podcast with his costar Mike Maronna, Danny Tamberelli can be found in another creative venue: the music world. Tamberelli is the singer and bass player for his band Jounce, a punk-rock hybrid based in New York. Tamberelli and his band toured the East Coast and Midwest this past spring, and their website displays a fun little reference to Little Pete.In addition to his musical projects, Tamberelli has also done some pretty recognizable voice work for those who are fans of Grand Theft Auto—he provided the voice for GTA V’s Jimmy De Santa. Tamberelli also founded the fabulously named sketch comedy group, Manboobs Comedy. According to their website, they perform regular gigs in NYC.Since her work in the Nick trifecta of All That, Figure it Out, and The Amanda Show, Bynes has had quite an eventful stretch, to say the least. After starring in the WB’s What I Like About You, Bynes found both critical and commercial success in films like Hairspray and Easy A.Unfortunately, over the past decade, Bynes' personal life has been publicized more than her professional one. Bynes made headlines in 2012 and again in 2014 for getting arrested while driving under the influence. Bynes has also been dealing with mental health issues, and she took a much-publicized break from acting in 2011, and hasn’t appeared in a film since 2010’s Easy A—which she was great in. She told People magazine in June that she’d like to start acting in television again, which we’re all for—she’s someone we wouldn’t mind seeing more of in the future.One of All That’s—and Nickelodeon’s—most recognizable faces is arguably cuter than ever. The former star of Nick’s beloved sketch comedy series caused a stir last year when he Instagrammed some shirtless pics of himself, displaying a level of hotness heretofore unbeknownst to fans of Walter the Ear Boy from All That.Server has acted off an on over the past 20 years, taking a brief hiatus from 2008-2012. He's stepped up his performance output in recent years, however, appearing in several episodes of the cancelled-too-soon Amazon series Good Girls Revolt, where he played Ralph. Most recently, Server finished filming two independent films and one TV series. Server is active on social media, so he’ll likely tweet more info about his increasing array of projects. Shirt optional.One of the most recognizable faces of the network in the ‘90s, Melissa Joan Hart’s Clarissa was a spunky, fun character Nick watchers loved largely because she dared to be her original, mismatched, quirky self. The show made Hart a star, and propelled her to two more successful television series: 1996-2003’s (yes, it really lasted that long) Sabrina the Teenage Witch, and 2010-2016’s Melissa & Joey, in which she costarred with another ‘90s teen idol, Joey Lawrence.Hart has also starred in a few ABC Family movies, as well as other television and film appearances, and she has also delved into other business ventures. In 2009, Hart opened a candy store in California (it has since closed) and she and husband Mark launched a clothing line, King of Harts. She is still first and foremost an entertainer, however. Also a director, Hart recently directed a reboot of The Watcher in the Woods, starring Anjelica Huston.Let’s get this out of the way right now. What is Adam Busch, the actor who played Shelby’s best pal Noah, best known for? Destroying true love, dammit. When The Artist Formerly Known As Noah killed Tara on Buffy, nerds everywhere had heart-a-strokes. Busch’s turn as sadistic power tripper Warren is the stuff Buffy legends are made of, and it has arguably been his most standout role since his Shelby Woo days.Busch has worked continuously in TV and film. He was also a regular on the TBS series Men at Work, and this past year, he appeared on several episodes of the USA network’s Colony. A man of many abilities, Busch has also produced and directed two short films, while serving as editor for one.Jake “Don’t Call Me Prince” Berenson led his fellow Animorphs in their battle against the alien Yeerks on Nickelodeon in the late ‘90s, and his portrayer, Shawn Ashmore, has become one of the more recognizable faces of any Nick show since.Ashmore has had starring roles on screens both big and small. He is best known for his role as the Iceman Bobby Drake in four of the X-Men films, but more recently, he has delved back into television again, starring in The Following with Kevin Bacon and Conviction with Hayley Atwell. Ashmore has also worked behind the camera, serving as executive producer in multiple projects, including the 2010 miniseries Bloodletting & Miraculous Cures. He can be seen next in the upcoming films Acts of Violence with Bruce Willis, and Hollow in the Land with Rachelle Lefevre.--Which of your favorite Nickelodeon stars from the ‘90s did we miss? Tell us in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Welcome to Screen Rant's "Geek Picks," where we collect the finest movie-related geekery from around the Web. Today you'll find Beyonce dancing to the Ducktales theme; an 80's grind house style trailer for Mad Max: Fury Road; and teens reacting to 90's sitcoms. All that and more on this edition of SR's Geek Picks!If you have any Geek Picks of your own, please send them to srgeekpicks(at)gmail(dot)com and you could be featured in a future post!-KUNG FURY Official MovieKung Fury is an over-the-top 80’s action comedy that was crowd funded through Kickstarter. It features Kung Fury, a Kung Fu renegade cop who travels back in time to kill his Nemesis, Hitler. The film features nazis, dinosaurs, vikings and cheesy one-liners.Mad Max: Fury Road 80's Style TrailerWith this trailer we dwelve into important questions, such as what would Fury Road's color grading look like if this movie was shot on film in the late 70's or early 80's? Will there be synth music blasting in the background? Will Dario Argento do a special cut for Italy? We honestly don't know! But it sure does look awesome.Single Ladies x Duck Tales"Single Ladies" synced up with the DuckTales theme song.DO TEENS KNOW 90s SITCOMS? (REACT: Do They Know It?)Find out if Teens recognize sitcom opening scenes from the 90's!The A-Z of YouTube: Celebrating 10 Years | #HappyBirthdayYouTubeTen years ago in May, YouTube launched in beta.Piff the Magic Dragon: Heidi Klum Helps Comedic Magician in Dragon Suit - America's Got Talent 2015Heidi Klum helps out a comedic magician from Las Vegas who performs in a dragon suit. Watch his self-deprecating humor and deadpan delivery!All Studios EverythingA Supercomposition of all major hollywood studio intros as one.The Tragic Life of Every Bug Catcher PokemonLive free to die harden.The Flash - You Think You Know Comics?Think you know all there is to know about the Scarlet Speedster?What’s in SPIDER-MAN'S Web-Shooters? (Because Science w/ Kyle Hill)What's the secret to the strength of Spider-Man's web-shooters? And how do the mechanical shooters differ from the organic ones? Kyle explores on Because Science.Halfway Through Superhero Actor Workout Madness! - Superhero In Training Ep 6Our Heroes are charging ahead on their quest to transformation, but first they must overcome… BOREDOM! Whether it’s the literal hours of cardio, or the sheer monotony of the diet, our Heroes must resist getting discouraged!That's all for today, folks! Be sure to check back tomorrow for more movie-related geekery.Today's picks have been brought to you by: CineFix, ComicsAlliance, Dorkly, ART404, America's Got Talent, YouTube Spotlight, REACT, Good Friends, PLAYBACK Collective and LaserUnicorns.
Tags:
mad max,
geek picks,
kung fury
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Celebrities are, above all, masters of branding. Whether a movie star, TV icon, or somewhere in between, the ones worth remembering are the ones who cultivate a consistent image, a persona we can instantly associate with them. Tom Cruise is always intense and exuberant (and running). Julia Roberts has the girl-next-door vibe and that thing where she fights back tears through a pained smile. Leonardo DiCaprio is either giving us epic, expletive laden rants or raising his glass for a toast.Just because we know a celebrity’s persona inside and out does not mean we know the celebrity. While there are certainly instances of those who are every bit the sweetheart they play onscreen, they are dwarfed by the number of celebrities who the complete opposite. That’s not to say anyone on this list is a bad person, but rather that their interactions with fans and peers over the years have reportedly left much to be desired.Here Are 10 Huge Stars From The ‘90s Who Are Jerks (And 10 Who Are Sweethearts).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIn the 1990s, Steven Seagal was one of Hollywood’s premiere action stars, churning out cheap but entertaining fare like Out for Justice (1991), Under Siege (1992) and On Deadly Ground (1994). The further we get from Seagal’s heyday, however, the more we seem to learn about his thoroughly jerkish behavior behind the scenes. He reportedly beat up John Leguizamo on the set of Executive Decision (1996), pushing the comedian against a brick wall and knocking the wind out of him for making a snide remark.As if that weren’t enough, several actresses have accused Seagal of harassment, with Jenny McCarthy claiming that he told her to take off her dress during an audition for Under Siege 2: Dark Territory (1995), despite the fact that there were no scenes of that nature in the film. Similar claims have been made by Portia de Rossi, Regina Simons, and Julianna Margulies, with the latter revealing that Seagal brought a gun to one of their “private auditions.”Though his films continue to provide trashy action fun, it’s pretty clear that hanging out with Seagal in real life is no picnic.From starring in the video for Aerosmith’s “Cryin’” (1993) to zeitgeist-defining roles in The Crush (1994) and Clueless (1995), Alicia Silverstone was, for a short time, as ubiquitous as pagers. And like pagers, she failed to translate her stardom to the new millennium-- we’re going to assume the abyssal Batman & Robin (1997) played a large role in ensuring that. Silverstone has acted sporadically since, but her movie career has largely taken a backseat to her career as an activistSilverstone currently runs a website titled The Kind Life, where she engages with fans about topics as varied as motherhood, healthy dieting, and the importance of being environment-friendly. She is also an avid supporter of animal rights, writing about her love for dogs, in particular, in her companion book The Kind Diet. When asked why she feels so compelled to support these organizations, Silverstone explained, "The only thing that makes any sense about being a celebrity to me is this — being able to make a difference.” Sounds like a sweetheart to us.From one Batman star to another. Val Kilmer is legendary for his unpleasant attitude onset, to the extent that most everyone he’s worked with has a few dubious things to say. Batman Forever (1995) director Joel Schumacher once called him “childish and impossible.” John Frankenheimer, who directed the actor in The Island of Dr. Moreau (1996), said point blank: “I don’t like Val Kilmer, I don’t like his work ethic, and I don’t want to be associated with him ever again.”Then there was the alleged incident between Kilmer and actress Caitlin O’Heaney during pre-production of The Doors (1991). Speaking with Buzzfeed last year, O’Heaney says that the actor unexpectedly hit her in the face and knocked her to the ground during an audition. “Kilmer picked me up and shaked me, throwing me down to the floor,” she recounted, “[director Oliver] Stone just stood there the whole time laughing.” O’Heaney added that she was paid $24,500 afterwards to keep quiet. Yikes. Not the best move, Kilmer.We can’t imagine anyone is surprised with this one. Jeff Goldblum is a national treasure of quirks and pauses, and the same eccentricity he put forth in ‘90s blockbusters like Jurassic Park (1993) and Independence Day (1996) is the same one he treats his fans to in real life. Accounts of meeting Goldblum range from the causally charming to the utterly delightful, like one in which the actor caught a couple looking his way at a restaurant, walked over to them, and asked if they would like to take a photo with him.Other stories paint Goldblum as surprisingly down to earth, whether sitting in the stands at baseball game or waiting to use the treadmill at a local gym. In each instance, the actor has been quick to embrace the fandom and showed his appreciation by co-signing the countless memes and internet jokes that have used his likeness. He even suggests that you hang some of those memes above your fireplace.Wesley Snipes had one heck of a run in the ‘90s, starring in New Jack City (1991), White Men Can’t Jump (1992), Passenger 57 (1993), and Blade (1998) among countless others. He was one of the most reliable leading men in the business, able to be comedic and commanding all at once. But then, the behind the scenes stories started coming in. Turns out, Snipes had become quite the prima donna by the time he shot Blade: Trinity in 2004, to the extent that he refused to utter a word to director David S. Goyer.One of the film’s co-stars, Patton Oswalt, recounted Snipes’ outlandish behavior to The A.V. Club, saying that Snipes would only communicate via post-it notes that were signed “Blade”, would refuse to come out of his trailer until he was properly stoned, and, at one point, tried to literally strangle Goyer onset. That’s not even mentioning Snipes’ 2010 prison stint for tax evasion. Combine the two and you get an actor who’s thoroughly over the hill when it comes to being a fan favorite.Instantly recognizable for his bulging eyes, Steve Buscemi burst onto the scene with a standout performance in Reservoir Dogs (1992), before going on a tear that included comedies like Billy Madison (1995) and The Wedding Singer (1998) and action blockbusters like Desperado (1995) and Con Air (1997). What you might not expect, however, seeing as Buscemi usually plays weasels onscreen, is that the New York native is a legitimate hero in real life.A firefighter before he turned to acting in the 1980s, Buscemi rejoined his old outfit as a volunteer after the 9/11 attacks. He spent days working twelve hour shifts, digging through the rubble of the collapsed buildings in search of missing civilians and firefighters. To further solidify his image as a selfless do-gooder, Buscemi reportedly turned away requests to have his picture taken, as he didn’t want his volunteer work to overshadow the work at hand. It wasn’t until a decade later that the story got out.Before Julia Roberts or Jennifer Lawrence, Meg Ryan owned the mantle of “America’s Sweetheart.” Her bubbly demeanor and comedic chops resulted in a seemingly endless string of hits, with Sleepless in Seattle (1993), French Kiss (1995), and You’ve Got Mail (1998) being some of the most notable. She even held her own in dramatic fare like The Doors (1991) and Courage Under Fire (1996). Unfortunately, the 2000s marked the end of Ryan’s reign, both as a box office star and as the nation’s aforementioned sweetheart.While shooting the film Proof of Life in 2000, Ryan was caught cheating on her husband Dennis Quaid with her co-star Russell Crowe. The scandal broke up their marriage and Ryan has struggled to gain her footing onscreen ever since. In the few instances where she has popped up, like 2008’s remake of The Women, reports persisted that she tried to use her stardom as a means of getting special treatment, and that she didn’t get along with the rest of the cast and crew.Luke Perry will always be remembered as the cool and collected Dylan McKay on the seminal TV series Beverly Hills, 90210. And while he was never able to parlays his stardom into a movie career, Perry is still considered by many to be a ‘90s staple. A mantle, it turns out, he’s more than happy to embrace. There are several stories online about Perry being a welcome sight at events, where he regularly jokes and takes photos with admirers of the show. “Every weekend should be “Meet Luke Perry” weekend!,” wrote one particularly excited fan after meeting him.Perry’s 90210 associates seem to share in the praise. “We’re [still] really close friends,” says Jennie Garth, “I love him so much!” Jesy McKinney, who played Perry in the TV biopic The Unauthorized Beverly Hills, 90210 Story in 2015, spoke on the actor’s disarming presence. “Luke is very down to earth. He’s a well spoken guy, but he doesn’t say a lot, and what he does say he really means.” All things considered, it’s nice to a nice guy like Perry back in the spotlight, playing Archie Andrews’ father on Riverdale.Macaulay Culkin found success at an earlier age than most, starring in the comedy classics Home Alone (1990) and Home Alone 2: Lost in New York (1992) at the ages of and ten and twelve, respectively.As he matured into his teen years, however, and later into adulthood, Culkin developed a reputation for being arrogant in interviews and mean to his fans.One fan recalls being on the set of the 2004 film Saved!, where he and several others were clamoring to get Culkin’s autograph. He claims that instead of acknowledging them, the actor pretended to walk around on his cell phone and responded only when one of the female fans said he was sexy. Culkin also had ties to illegal substances.Still, Culkin was spotted looking healthier and happier at the start of the new year, so perhaps nicer things are on the horizon.If you grew up in the ‘90s, you remember Topanga Lawrence. The foil and eventual love interest for the titular character in Boy Meets World, she was a fan favorite that springboarded actress Danielle Fishel into overnight stardom. Since the show’s finale, Fishel has stayed incredibly busy; earning a degree in psychology and hosting the satirical news show The Dish.Through it all, she remains someone that fans can comfortably approach.“It’s an exhilarating feeling to meet someone you grew up admiring so much,” one fan wrote after interviewing Fishel, “ and to learn that they are just as kind and smart as they appeared on TV, if not more.” More recently, Fishel has moved behind the camera, applying her talents to the spinoff of the show that made her famous, and bringing her career full circle. “One of the greatest gifts Girl Meets World gave me,” Fishel says, “[was] I was able to direct and it kind of showed me that this is like the next path I wanna take.”While her starring role in Buffy the Vampire Slayer made her a household name, Sarah Michelle Gellar grew increasingly tired of the series as it neared completion.She made her disdain for several of Joss Whedon’s overarching narratives evident behind the scenes and announced that she was leaving the show after season seven without telling any of the cast and crew.It was a decision that caused a major riff between her and co-star Alyson Hannigan.To further hinder her persona as the once beloved Buffy, Gellar has developed a reputation for being a controlling wife to husband and I Know What You Did Last Summer (1997) co-star Freddie Prinze, Jr. Rumors have persisted that Gellar systematically got rid of Prinze’s childhood friends after their wedding in 2002. One of these alleged friends claimed that the actress called him to inform that his friendship with Prinze was officially over. None of these claims do much to debunk the high-maintenance title she earned during Buffy’s production: the ‘Dutchess.’Robin Williams’ legendary run of hits in the ‘90s-- Aladdin, Mrs. Doubtfire, Jumanji, Good Will Hunting-- is matched only his reputation as being one of Hollywood’s consummate nice guys.The childlike enthusiasm was no act for the Oscar winner and he made sure that those less fortunate than him always had a smile on their face. There are dozens of lists detailing the good deeds that Williams performed before his untimely death, from visiting terminally ill fans and entertaining the troops in Iraq to raising millions of dollars for charity.Williams also put a smile on the face of some of his famous buddies. He repeatedly called Steven Spielberg during production of the bleak Schindler’s List (1993) to get him to smile and after his longtime friend Christopher Reeve became a quadriplegic in 1995, proved that laughter was indeed the best medicine. “For the first time since the accident,” Reeve later said, “I laughed. My old friend had helped me know that somehow I was going to be okay.”Perhaps the most notoriously difficult person on this list, Shannen Doherty became an overnight sensation with her starring role on Beverly Hills, 90210. Seemingly in record time, the fame went to Doherty’s head, as co-star Jason Priestley recalls the actress complaining about not having a limo or a private jet to travel around in.She clashed so strongly with the other actresses on the show that her character was written out completely after the fourth season.Doherty bounced back with Charmed in the late ‘90s, but again, her penchant for diva behavior put a strain on the producers as well as co-star Alyssa Milano. Milano later admitted that there were “definitely some rough days” while Doherty was on the show. Her character was eventually killed off in the third season finale, and she was replaced by Rose McGowan.The actress has since made peace with Milano, with the latter telling Page Six that they chat on a semi-regular basis: “Shannen and I talk a lot on Twitter via direct messenger... she was very appreciative that I reached out, which was very sweet.”John Stamos was, and will forever be, Uncle Jesse, but over the years he’s also proven himself to a natural in the business of being a nice guy. The internet is littered with articles about Stamos’ good deeds, from giving money to a homeless person to helping a random fan propose to his wife on video. In every instance, he puts forth the same easygoing charm that made him such a fan favorite on Full House-- a legacy he’s been more than happy to uphold with cameos on the Netflix spinoff Fuller House.Stamos is such an upstanding dude that he’s even willing to admit when he’s wrong.In 2015, the actor was pulled over and given a DUI by the Beverly Hills police department. Instead of getting upset or trying to sweep the encounter under the rug, however, he thanked them on Twitter: “Thanks to everyone for their love & support. I'm home & well. Very appreciative of the BHPD & Cedars for their care.”Let’s be clear: Tommy Lee Jones is a terrific actor. Especially during the ‘90s, when he snagged juicy roles in JFK (1991), Natural Born Killers (1994), Men in Black (1997), and The Fugitive (1993), which won him an Academy Award. The man oozes talent. According to some fans, however, he can also come off ornery, curt, and sometimes, a bit unpleasant.Jones is notorious for being indifferent to meeting fans, often times ignoring them or refusing to sign autographs outright.The same goes for press tours, where he’s been known to snap at interviewers or throw their questions back at them. Then, of course, there’s the whole Batman Forever incident. Jones reportedly despised working with Jim Carrey on the 1995 superhero flick, telling Carrey point blank that he “hated” him and that he couldn’t sanction his “buffoonery.” Yeesh. At least Carrey was a good sport about it, and they got through their scenes without any further problems.Drew Barrymore has had one of the best career turnarounds in recent memory. After breaking out as a child star in the ‘80s, and falling into substance addiction, Barrymore bounced back with a scene-stealing role in Scream (1996), and parlayed the exposure into hits like Ever After (1998), The Wedding Singer (1998) and Never Been Kissed (1999). Since then, the actress has been in the business of positivity, creating a line of beauty products and spending a great deal of her time offscreen working with various charities.In 2008, she donated $1 million to the World Food Programme to help feed children in Africa.Barrymore’s co-stars continue to sing her praise. “Drew is so easy going. She’s open and warm,” says Miss You Already (2015) co-star Toni Collette, “I know Drew has been many things in her life... but she gives her all. She’s altruistic and always thinks of other people first.” Adam Sandler has also called Barrymore a “sweetheart” and said “she’s like family” to him.Screech from Saved By the Bell was a ‘90s icon, an embodiment of all things nerdy and funny. Unfortunately, the actor playing Screech, Dustin Diamond, was anything but. Diamond seemingly did everything in his power to ruin his family-friendly image, bragging about making love with over two thousand women and releasing an adult tape in 2006 titled Screeched - Saved By the Smell (ugh). He tried to backtrack a few years later by claiming that the man on the tape was a “stunt double”, but the damage to his reputation had already been done.To further embolden his sleazy reputation, Diamond published a 2009 memoir, Behind The Bell, that made salacious claims about Saved By the Bell, including the suggestion that several of the cast members were in real relationships with each other, as well as some of the show’s producers. He once again tried to excuse himself by saying that the book’s ghostwriter had blown things out of proportion, but you can only cry wolf so many times before people stop caring.Is anyone surprised by this? Tom Hanks, the successor to James Stewart for everything that is wholesome and American, is, to be expected, a genuinely classy fellow. There are many accounts of Hanks surprising fans and taking photos with them, but it’s the extracurricular way that the Oscar winner goes about kindness that’s truly moving. In 2011, he bumped into an elderly couple at a gas station, who told them that the film they just saw him in, Larry Crowne, wasn’t very good. Hanks promptly apologized and gave them a $25 refund for their troubles.More recently, Hanks has taken to his Twitter feed to share photographs of all the lost gloves he comes across in New York City.It’s tough to say what inspired this random and ongoing quest, but there’s no denying the extreme care that he puts into making sure the gloves are returned to their rightful owners. Oh, and if that weren’t enough, him and his son Truman Hanks once spent an entire day helping the Girl Scouts in their neighborhood sell cookies.Is there a more polarizing actress in Hollywood than Gwyneth Paltrow? Talented as she may be, with a list of strong performances and an Oscar to her name, Paltrow still gets under people’s skin because of the bafflingly pretentious things she has to say. Whether discussing her dietary habits (“I’d rather smoke than eat cheese from a tin”), her inability to be anything but successful (“I am who I am. I can’t pretend to be somebody who makes $25,000 a year”), or, whatever this should be filed under (“When I pass a flowering zucchini plant in a garden, my heart skips a beat”), Paltrow can always be counted on to show a stunning lack of self-awareness.To further compound the case against her, the actress has been quick to dismiss the hatred she gets as people who are envious of her success. “Women in general get a lot of pushback,” she told Harper’s Bazaar, “especially if you're successful and attractive... I'm not saying I'm attractive. I mean when you're considered attractive." At the risk of damning with faint praise, at least she comes off pleasant enough in the Iron Man films.Who doesn’t love Keanu? The ageless wonder manages to bring out the fanboy in all of us, whether you prefer him as a surfer, a savior, or the guy from Speed (1994). Reeves projects a genuine decency whenever he’s onscreen, but if the seemingly infinite well of fan stories about him are true, than his movies are doing him a disservice.He once drove a woman fifty miles out his way because her car broke down.He once gave $20,000 to a set builder on The Matrix (1999) because his family was in need. When there were fears that the special effects crew would have to be cut on The Matrix Reloaded (2003), he gave up some of his salary so that they could stay on. The most recent example of Reeves being the consummate gentleman, and one that went viral, was when he gave up his seat to a woman who was standing on the subway. Class. Act. Seriously, this guy is like John Wick when it comes to random acts of kindness-- always dead on.--Which one surprised you most? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
It's always depressing when you find out your favorite TV show has been cancelled. It's even more miserable when a show gets the can at the last minute. While many TV shows get the plug pulled due to "low ratings," there were many incredibly shocking reasons why hit shows got the axe in the 90s.The 90's, a whole decade before social media served as a means for fans to declare public outcry when their show was trashed. It was also a decade that pushed boundaries for what could be shown on television. Cartoons were riddled with adult humor and sitcoms depicted less than stellar family situations. While some got away with it, others sadly were tossed in the can.It's crazy to think that just twenty years ago TV was reluctant to air shows with diverse cast members. It's also shocking to see what actors wanted to move from TV to film, no matter how much money was offered to them to stay on their hit show. While plenty of shows from the 90's received happy endings and finales that appeased critics and fans alike, many weren't so lucky. Here's a look at 20 90's TV Shows That Were Cancelled For Shocking Reasons.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewMST3K was an groundbreaking cult comedy that made making fun of horrible movies an art. Taking place in a galaxy far away, a group of misfits are forced to watch the worst movies of all time by a team of villains. Known for its iconic image of a man and two robots sitting in movie seats at the bottom of the screen, the show featured classic duds like Space Mutiny, Angel's Revenge, and of course, Manos: The Hands of Fate.MST3K became a popular cult sensation on Comedy Central, then was picked up by Syfy, but the cost of acquiring rights to even some of the worst films became too expensive. The show got cancelled, angering all the "mysties" around the world. Plus, we all know there are far too many bad movies that desperately need commentary.Kids in the Hall was a hilariously strange Canadian comedy that featured sketches with alcoholic fathers, beards that had a life of their own, and anti-homophobic monologues of "Queer Nation." Mixing sketch comedy with improv, the small cast invented hundreds of characters. Irreverent, witty, and ahead of its time, Kids in the Hall lasted five seasons garnering a dedicated audience who couldn't wait to see more.The talented cast was led by comedians Dave Foley, Bruce McCulloch, Kevin McDonald, Mark McKinney, and Scott Thompson. The show could have gone on for more seasons, however the actors wanted to leave to pursuit bigger projects like movies, a move that unfortunately didn't pan out for all. Just two years later the cast reunited for the film version of the show Kids In The Hall: Brain Candy.Quantum Leap was an early 90's sci-fi hit that followed time-traveling hottie Sam Beckett (Scott Bakula) as he was transported from body to body to find his way home. Mixing action, sci-fi, and comedy, Beckett would leap into different bodies, at times even crossing genders. Dean Stockwell played sidekick Admiral Al Calavicci who helps Beckett along the way, hoping that he can finally leap back home.Quantum Leap lasted five seasons. Yes, the network was worried about low ratings for a while, however once creator/screenwriter Donald P. Bellisario presented the cliffhanging finale to the network, the cast and crew were promised there would be a sixth season. To much shock, the plug was pulled. Both Bakula and Bellisario publicly professed their upset, as did fans.Blossom was a beloved sitcom that followed likably hip teen Blossom Russo, who was perfectly played by Mayim Bialik. Although the show focused on serious plot lines, like growing up with a mother who left the family to pursuit a career, it was a comedy that had Jenna von Oy playing Blossom's best friend and partner in crime, Six LeMeure. And who could forget Joey Lawrence playing Blossom’s dumb jock brother Joey, occasionally spewing his famous line, “Whoa!”The show had a successful run with four seasons, but in season five, the show drastically changed its tone to being much more serious. In an infamous episode, Blossom faced a violent attack from a boy she was dating. NBC received backlash for having “issue” based episodes, so they decided to axe the show as many fought over creative differences.All American Girl broke boundaries for its time featuring a nearly all Asian cast depicting a Korean-American family in 1994. The sitcom introduced the world to standup comedian Margaret Cho who played her semi-autobiographical role Margaret Kim; a Korean-American girl that juggles the culture clash between her traditionally Korean family and the very different American world she lives in.The show was heavily criticized by audiences, critics, and Asian American viewers and, sadly, the show was canned after just 19 episodes. Margaret Cho went on to say, “When you’re the first person to cross over this racial barrier, you’re scrutinized for all these other things that have nothing to do with race, but they have everything to do with race – it’s a very strange thing.” Thankfully Cho would find much success with her stand-up tours and films.Jerri Blank, the messy gal who ran away from home to become “a boozer, a user, and a loser” would serve as the cult defining role for Amy Sedaris. Premiering in 1999 the dark comedy followed Jerri Blank’s misadventures as a 46 ex-prostitute and former drug addict going back to high school to complete her degree after several stints in prison.Comedy Central aired all 30 episodes and the show garnered a dedicated cult audience. The show could have easily gone on longer, but several cast members and creators wanted to do other projects. Thankfully, Amy Sedaris and company reprised their beloved roles for a 2005 film version of Strangers With Candy featuring funny cameos from Sarah Jessica Parker and a breakout performance from Chris Pratt.“Happy Happy, Joy Joy!” Ah, the crazy misadventures of Ren, the emotionally unstable Chihuahua and Stimpy, the dimwitted cat. The hit Nickelodeon cartoon that followed the unlikely pair of best friends was dark and laced with adult humor, violence, subliminal messages, and sexual innuendo. Surprisingly, the trippy show lasted five seasons, even with thousands of complaint letters written from concerned parents.It was the 90s version of Looney Tunes, but with fart jokes, sex cracks, violent outbursts, and psychedelic druggy sequences. The further the show went on, the more boundaries the makers tried to break. Episodes were heavily edited and content was censored, leading to a controversial banned episode. The creators had enough of censorship and Nickelodeon cancelled the show due to creative differences and too much controversy.In Living Color was the first show to showcase the brilliant comedic talents of the Wayans Brothers, as well as future Hollywood heavyweights like Jim Carrey as Fire Marshall Bill, and Jamie Foxx as Ugly Wanda. It was like Saturday Night Live but with a more diverse cast. The hilarious sketch comedy ran for five hit seasons, so why didn’t it go on for a sixth?Fox and creator/star Keenan Ivory Wayans fought hard behind the scenes about censorship and where the show was going. Their tumoultous relationship led to volatile fights over editing certain episodes to arguments over syndication. Once Fox notified him about the series going to syndication, Wayans had enough and stepped away from the show, leading to an abrupt cancellation. While it's sad the show ended, thankfully the cast members went on to much bigger projects.Remember this competition show on Nickelodeon? The one where nobody ever won? Well, rarely that is. The show was in the same vein as Double Dare and Guts, and showed different kids competing in a series of mental and physical challenges to ultimately find a mysterious artifact in a hidden temple to win a grand prize.The expensive show was difficult to film, and one episode was rumored to have gone overtime to an insane 18 hour shoot, exhausting the child contestants and adult crew. In fact, the show was so expensive to run, the producers were only allowed to award a handful of contestants. Does this mean the show was rigged?! It’s no wonder people tuned out, as next to nobody ever won the damn thing.It’s pretty surprising that Rocko’s Modern Life ran for three successful seasons on Nickelodeon, a station that ran a relatively wholesome brand for kid’s television. The wacky animated series followed the Australian wallaby Rocko and his friends as they moved from Australia to America, finding themselves in the most bizarre situations.The show was saturated with adult and potty humor, ultimately facing controversy with censorship. Joe Murray, the creator, fought with Nickelodeon over what could and couldn't make it on the show. Though faced with strict pullback from the Network, Murray would secretly insert little subliminal “F Yous”, like a live action segment “Wacky Delly” that aired in the third and final season. Though the plug was finally pulled, the show heavily influenced Nickelodeon’s huge phenomenon SpongeBob SquarePants.Arguably one of the most iconic TV shows of the 90’s, Married With Children broke the rules for sitcoms, depicting the miserable, dysfunctional family of the Bundys living a less than satisfying life in suburban America. Ed O’Neill angered many for his portrayal of misanthrope Al Bundy, and Katey Sagal played his lazy, nagging wife Peggy, while breakout star Christina Applegate played their promiscuous, and not very bright daughter Kelly.While very controversial, the show was a hit, playing for eleven seasons. Ratings weren’t as high as they were in the beginning, but the show was still a success and could have gone on for longer. The network axed the show during the last season, a shock for the cast and crew as well as the fans. Star Dave Faustino admits, “The fans are really the ones that got kind of screwed over. They didn’t get any resolution or end or something cool as a last episode.”Clarissa Explains It All was that mega Nickelodeon hit show that starred Melissa Joan Hart as Clarissa Darling, cool high school gal that talks to the camera and tells the world all about her life. With her denim skirt, neon colored print shirts, and ponytail tied in a scrunchy, Clarissa was the "It Girl" of Nickelodeon. Her friends would come in and out through her window, and she would discuss friends, boys, pimples, and her mischievous little brother Ferguson. The ratings were through the roof kids all around the world couldn't wait to see what Clarissa had to say.So why didn’t this show last longer? Nickelodeon felt that Hart, who was 17 in the final season, was too old to continue her role as Clarissa.Ben Stiller took sketch comedy to a whole new level with The Ben Stiller Show. It’s shocking looking back at this comedy as it was aired on MTV, a station that in the 90’s was known for mainly showing music videos. In fact, many people questioned why the network was showing a comedy show when they should be showing music videos, a far cry from all the reality shows that air today (seriously, does MTV even play music videos anymore?). The Ben Stiller Show featured no live audiences or laugh tracks, but also set the bar for mockumentary style comedy.The cast included Janeane Garafolo, Andy Dick, Jeanne Tripplehorn, and Judd Apatow. The show had a successful run on MTV but was then picked up by Fox, who had creative differences with the makers and ended the show after just 13 episodes.Any Nickelodeon fan of the 90’s remembers the theme song to this kid’s classic show about Camp Anawanna, the beloved summer camp that we hold in our hearts, but when we think about it, it “makes us wanna fart!” Salute Your Shorts was the number two kid’s show on TV with two successful seasons following a group of camp counselors replete with neon shorts, fanny packs, and mullets, finding themselves in the most ridiculous situations as they harass the adult Camp Leader Kevin “Ug” Lee.So why was this hit show cancelled? Nickelodeon built a brand new studio in Orlando, Florida, and the majority of the cast didn’t want to relocate. The show was quickly canned, and the cast lived comfortably in Los Angeles, California.Profit was one of those shows that was just too much for its time. The protagonist, Jim Profit (Adrian Pasdar), played the company bad guy who would do literally anything to get the job done, from resorting to blackmail, bribery, bullying, and even murder.A show that preceded works with unlikeable characters to come like The Sopranos, Dexter, House of Cards, or even Oscar favorite Wolf of Wall Street, Profit was cancelled in the middle of its first season. Fox received endless phone calls and letters complaining about the immorality from its leading character. Funny enough, the show was critically acclaimed, while the show that preceded Profit was Melrose Place, a massive hit that featured a large cast of immoral characters who cheat, lie, and murder as much as they breathe air.Grace Under Fire was a hugely successful sitcom that depicted the single parent household in the 90s. Brett Butler played Grace Kelly, a recovering alcoholic struggling to raise three kids on her own in this comedy. Sadly, the character was a little too close to home for Butler, as she was struggling with her own addiction in real life.Butler infamously caused massive fires behind the scenes. She showed up to set hours late, costing the network thousands of dollars, and demanded ABC pay for her own chartered jet. Her drunken antics finally reached an all-time low when she was rumored to have flashed herself to actor Jon Paul Steuer who was only 12 at the time. It’s no wonder the crew were given “I Survived Brett” T-shirts after the show was canned.Premiering in 1999, Freaks and Geeks only lasted one season. Taking place in a 1980’s high school, the hilarious show featured the new talents of James Franco, Seth Rogan, and Busy Philipps. Created by Judd Apatow (Knocked Up, Superbad) and Paul Feig (Bridesmaids), the show has become a cult sensation that still leaves fans scratching their head as to why it was canned so soon.NBC placed Freaks and Geeks in a horrible time slot, airing at 8pm on Saturdays, leading to not so great ratings. But then there were major fights between the makers and NBC leading to creative differences. The network wanted the characters to have “more victories” and even wanted Franco to be more handsome, show his thick spiky hair, rather than wear a beanie all the time. The writing team even gave Ken (Rogan) a storyline about his girlfriend having “ambiguous genitalia.” In 2013, Apatow admitted that it was essentially a middle finger to NBC. Thankfully, the cast and crew have gone on to do bigger things.One of the staples of 90’s family sitcom gold, Home Improvement was everybody’s favorite comedy following Tim “The Tool Man” Taylor, played by Tim Allen. The eight season mega-hit featured a cast of recognizable faces like Richard Karn, Jonathan Taylor Thomas, Patricia Richardson, and Pamela Anderson as the supporting hottie character “The Tool Time Girl.”Jonathan Taylor Thomas left the show during the final season to further his education, a decision that surprised most cast members and crew. What makes Home Improvement’s end the most shocking was the fact that, rumor has it, Richardson was offered nearly $25 million to do a ninth season and Tim Allen was offered a staggering $50 million. Both actors declined the very generous offers to pursuit movie projects, and the show was cancelled.Way before the world would know her as America’s favorite talk show host, Ellen had her own hit sitcom in the 90’s. In the fourth season, Ellen had a largely publicized and talked about “coming out” episode where she, as character Ellen Morgan, and as as person, Ellen DeGeneres, came out as an open and happy lesbian.Sadly, the show suffered major backlash. Conservatives trashed her and magazines scrutinized her decision to come out so loudly. The next season, the show was cancelled and Ellen’s career was deemed “over.” In hindsight, Ellen’s decision would be celebrated as groundbreaking and thankfully her career has only flourished since, with her critically acclaimed voice-over work in Finding Nemo, to her iconic talk show Ellen that premiered in 2001 and still runs strong.For a show that only had one season, My So-Called Life is a 90’s phenomenon. The 19 episode season starred Claire Danes and Jared Leto as teens in high school. With exceptional writing, direction, and acting, the show was known for its authenticity, portraying angsty teenagers facing realistic struggles unlike overly dramatic fare like 90210 airing at the same time.My So-Called Life struck such a huge nerve with audiences in 1995. In fact, when the show was threatened with low-ratings, fans resorted to creating “Operation Life Support,” a fan club that wrote thousands of letters and made T-shirts to save the show. Surprisingly, Claire Danes was reluctant to reprise her role as she wanted to do films. Just one year later, she would star in her infamous role as Juliet opposite Leonardo DiCaprio in Baz Luhrmann’s Romeo + Juliet.--What do you think of these shocking 90s TV Show cancellations? Do you have any others to add? Let us know in the comments below!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Fox picks up 9-1-1, the new procedural from producer Ryan Murphy, for another season. Procedurals remain to be highly popular with long-running series like CBS' Criminal Minds, NBC's Law & Order: SVU and the multi-division Chicago franchise doing solid numbers for their respective networks. With 9-1-1 boasting a thrilling premise and the team that brought us hit projects like American Horror Story and American Crime Story, viewers were obviously curious to know what the show is about and how it will differ from other similar small screen offerings that have come before it.The show, which debuted just two weeks ago, follows the lives of Los Angeles first responders as they continue to risk their lives to fulfill their respective duties whenever called upon. Spearheaded by TV veterans Angela Bassett as LAPD patrol sergeant Athena Grant, Peter Krause as LAFD Captain Bobby Nash, and Connie Britton as 911 operator Abbie Clark, 9-1-1 has all the elements needed for a hit TV series. Fox realizes this early on resulting in the show already renewed for a sophomore season.RELATED: What Does the Disney/Fox Deal Mean For Gotham & Lucifer?Variety reports that Fox has officially ordered a second serving of 9-1-1. In the report, Gary Newman and Dana Walden, chairmen and CEOs of the Fox Television Group, expressed their excitement over what lies ahead in the series given the potential it has to be the network's very own long-running procedural:“With a bold concept, award-winning stars and a flawless execution, Ryan, Brad and Tim have done it again. They have tapped into the cultural zeitgeist and reimagined the procedural as only they could, bringing it to life with a dream team of actors led by Angela, Peter and Connie. This is storytelling at its best and we’re so pleased that it’s resonated with our audience. We’d like to thank everyone involved with this production for their stellar work, and we look forward to another thrilling season of ‘9-1-1.’”The fact that Fox greenlit a full second just barely three episodes out in its freshman year is a testament to the network's confidence in Murphy and his team's ability to produce hit-after-hit series. It also helps that 9-1-1 is performing solid audience numbers with its premiere drawing more than 15 million viewers in its first week via multi-platform viewing. According to the network, this is the largest viewership for a primer since 2015's Empire (excluding Super Bowl debuts). Its good start continued on its second episode with 11.6 million people watching in a span of three days, again on various viewing channels.As procedurals go, the series continues this week with a brand new narrative to tell. In only its third episode titled "Next of Kin," Bobby and his team respond to an emergency at a children's birthday party, making it trickier for them considering many people are involved in the crisis. With multiple lives hanging in the balance, the squad dives in and gets to work. Meanwhile, Athena struggles with a case-at-hand that is hitting too close to home.MORE: Watch the 9-1-1 Trailer Feat. Angela Bassett & Connie Britton9-1-1 airs every Wednesday night, 9 pm EST on Fox.Source: Variety
Tags:
9-1-1
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Angela Bassett and Connie Britton explore the pressures of emergency services in the 9-1-1 trailer. Police, doctor, and lawyer dramas have been routinely successful on network television, but after multiple versions of Law & Order, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, and Chicago-(insert profession here) series, it's hard to find an original spin on the genre. FOX is hoping, however, that the creative team of Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk (American Horror Story, Glee, Nip/Tuck) have discovered a fresh perspective with 9-1-1.Premiering in January of 2018, the series stars AHS alums Angela Bassett (Black Panther) and Connie Britton (Nashville) as a policewoman and 9-1-1 operator, respectively. Peter Krause (The Catch, Six Feet Under) joins them as a fire department first responder. The show focuses on the everyday pressures of the characters' jobs as well as their personal lives, and will feature tense, dangerous, and crazy situations based on real-life emergency calls.While the plot description of 9-1-1 sounds deceptively like a mash-up of typical dramas already on the air, the trailer - which you can view above - reveals a much more enticing project. The first half of the video focuses on the more humorous types of emergencies, like a woman trapped in the coils of a giant snake, then the tone shifts to more serious moments of risk and hopefully reward.The quality of the cast, which also includes Oliver Stark (Into The Badlands), Aisha Hinds (Shots Fired), Kenneth Choi (The People v. OJ Simpson: American Crime Story) and Rockmond Dunbar (Prison Break), and the creators indicates that FOX is looking to create a unique, quality property with 9-1-1 and not just ride the coattails of other dramas. The trailer reveals a show that doesn't always take itself too seriously, finding the humor in a "crazy day at work" that viewers should find relatable, even if their own jobs aren't quite as perilous.This genre is fairly new ground for Murphy and Falchuk, and it will be interesting to see how they bring their quirky dramatic skills to the story and tone of the new series. While the nature of the jobs involved means there will be tragedy, the network's characterization of 9-1-1 as "equal parts unpredictable, intense, and uplifting" indicates a goal to create a more enjoyable and heartwarming entry into a category that often stresses the darker and more negative elements. If the show lives up to the promise of the trailer, this should be another successful outing for FOX.Next: How American Crime Story: Versace Differs From People v. O.J.9-1-1 premieres January 2018 on FOX.Source: FOX
Tags:
9-1-1
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Michael Shannon gives one of the most intense and gripping performances of the year in director Ramin Bahrani’s new drama, 99 Homes. Shannon plays Rick Carver, a Florida real estate agent who makes a killing by flipping foreclosed homes and doesn’t care about the devastation wrought upon the families who are being evicted. When Carver evicts a family led by single father Dennis Nash (Andrew Garfield), he sees something in Nash that he likes and offers the unemployed construction worker a job – grooming Nash as his protégé even as Nash begins to realize that he’s selling his own soul.Carver is a monster: a man so consumed with his own greed that he is the perfect embodiment of the heartless and ethics-challenged banking and housing industry that nearly caused the economy to collapse in 2008. He sees opportunity in the hardship of others and acts mercilessly on it. And yet, thanks to Shannon’s complex portrayal, he is also charismatic and persuasive. Rick Carver joins a long list of unforgettable Shannon performances in movies and TV series like Revolutionary Road, Take Shelter,  Boardwalk Empire and Man of Steel, and Screen Rant was more than happy to talk with him about it.Rick Carver has to be one of the great screen monsters of the year. How did you find a way to get inside this guy and empathize with him so you could play him?For me it was about the puzzle of it. I think Rick looks at it kind of like a puzzle. It’s like, there’s this situation where, if you’re not careful, you’re going to lose, you’re going to be taken advantage of by the system. But if you think about it and you look at it a certain way, you can figure out how to use the system to your advantage. It’s hard not to admire somebody a little bit for doing something like that, because the alternative is just to sit around and say, “Oh, I’m a victim, nobody cares about me and why are people so mean,” you know? That’s not going to get you very far in life. You spent some time down in Florida with a broker?Yeah, I did, a little bit. I’m kind of sworn to secrecy, but I guess I can say that much, at least.Did you go out on an eviction?I went to a couple of sites. I never actually kicked someone out of the house or something, that would have been terrible. But I saw some places where there had been people who had been evicted. I saw some pretty sad stuff. There was one place – some newlyweds, they had been foreclosed on, and they had just left everything. And there was a photo album on the floor, and it was pictures from their wedding, and it was one of the saddest things I’ve ever seen in my friggin’ life. It was crazy.Talk about working with Andrew and the love/hate dynamic that develops between these two men.Andrew was really, really into it. He did a lot of preparation as well. He went down to Florida and met the people that were in Dennis’ position. I think he even worked on some construction sites, you know. He really tried to totally immerse himself in the role and I respected that a lot. There were some stressful days sometimes. That relationship is intense, you know, and it was hard for him to keep track of, you know, “At this point is Dennis succumbing completely or is he still holding on…” Because that’s really the journey of the film, is watching Dennis kind of make these discoveries and discover who he’s going to be and what he’s going to do. So it was a real tightrope, you know.So what about this story that you were wearing flippers on your hands on the set of Batman V Superman (as General Zod)?Flippers? I think that might be a prime example of my scatological humor. People ask me a lot about Batman v Superman and I really don’t have anything to say about it, so sometimes I just make up stuff, which I’m sure Warner Bros. is really happy about.We saw you in the trailer in a body bag. Are you just in the body bag or do you get to do something cool in the movie? I run for President (laughs). Uh, no, you know, I think it’s better left unsaid. I mean, when does the movie come out?March.Yeah, I don’t want to spoil it for anybody. Yeah, no comment.-99 Homes is now playing in select U.S. theaters.
Tags:
99 homes
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Star Wars: Episode IX will be the end of the Skywalker saga, with the franchise expanding into other trilogies, but there can still be a Star Wars 10.The X-Men and the Fantastic Four are back with Marvel - so it's the perfect time to look back at the highlights (and lowlights) of Fox's superheroes.Kumail Nanjiani and Adam Scott take a trip to the 5th dimension in new trailers previewing two creepy episodes of Jordan Peele's The Twilight Zone.Justice League director Zack Snyder confirms that his original script was never shot due to Warner Bros. demanding changes after Batman v Superman.The Walking Dead season 9's penultimate episode, "The Calm Before", finally learned from the series' season 6 finale cliffhanger mistake.Michael B. Jordan is starring in Warner Bros.' Methuselah, a fantasy adventure about an ageless man who's existed for more than 400 years.Iron Man 3's Mandarin twist may have divided the fandom, but it also served as the framework for a better approach to Marvel villains.An interview with Amy Hennig sees the mind behind EA's canceled Star Wars game discuss how her vision of it included an ensemble cast like the films.What can fans expect from American Horror Story season 9? FX’s anthology horror series is back in 2019 and, this time, is moving beyond witches.At a Q&A for Zack Snyder’s Watchmen, Rorschach actor Jackie Earle Haley states he thinks violence in superhero TV shows is hypocritical.The Legends of Tomorrow season 4 return trailer features the Legends dressed as Arrow, Flash, and Supergirl, Bollywood musical numbers, and much more.Apple announces Apple Arcade, a new mobile gaming subscription service that will bring over 100 unique titles to gamers in exchange for a monthly fee.William Sadler will return to Bill & Ted Face the Music to play Death, the character he first portrayed in Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey.Charles Boyle from Brooklyn Nine-Nine (played by Joe Lo Truglio) is adorable, in a sort of pathetic sense. This list will make you laugh and cringe.Did Nick Fury's sellotape trick in Captain Marvel look familiar? That's because Scott Lang did it before back in 2015's Ant-Man.FromSoftware's latest installment is officially Steam's biggest launch of 2019, with 124,334 concurrent players stepping up to the challenge.Actress Betty Gilpin lands a role in the upcoming action thriller The Hunt from Universal and Blumhouse with Craig Zobel set to direct.The as-yet untitled James Bond 25 reportedly begins filming this week, with Cary Fukunaga directing and Daniel Craig playing 007 for the final time.Find out which characters are confirmed and which are rumors in the DCEU's newest movie Shazam!The Kingdom Hearts series was originally meant to combine the worlds of Disney and Final Fantasy, but the setting became a little too crowded. An excerpt from the PlayStation website's Apex Legends page spoils the fact that we'll be getting another new character before Season 1 is done.Fortnite's newest limited time mode has now been announced and it's a game that we're all more than likely familiar with: The Floor is Lava. Captain Marvel's Goose the cat scenes were 80 percent CGI, a visual effects supervisor on the film reveals (much to the dismay of Goose fans).Later this year, Trine 4: The Nightmare Prince brings back the classic 2.5D gameplay. This time, though, up to four friends can work together. Shazam outgrosses movies like How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World and DC's own Aquaman during its sneak peek theatrical screenings.Star Trek: Discovery's Control A.I. is starting to heavily resemble one of the Star Trek franchise's most iconic villains - the Borg.Two new Nintendo Switch models may hit the market as early as this summer for those who are wanting to get their hands on Nintendo's flagship console.Marvel figures give fans their best looks at Ronin's full costume and Thanos' new Infinity Gauntlet from the upcoming Avengers: Endgame.
Captain Marvel correctly states that "humor is a distraction". Unfortunately, the MCU doesn't learn its lesson in the prequel movie.Honest Trailers pokes fun at 'Every Tim Burton movie' ever made, ahead of the filmmaker's live-action Dumbo retelling hitting theaters.Queer Eye season 4 will need a fresh crew of heroes, and there are steps fans can take to nominate someone for the popular Netflix series. HBO announces they're developing Stranger Comics' fantasy epic Asunda into a drama TV show on the heels of Game of Thrones' series finale.Battlefield V's Trial By Fire FAQ answers a question about the soldier dragging feature many wanted to see, but it's not a response fans will like.Tickets for Avengers: Endgame will go on sale April 2 as Marvel Studios continues to drum up hype for their upcoming tentpole.Netflix is hiring game designers to help bring users of the streaming service more Choose Your Own Adventure content like Black Mirror: Bandersnatch.While Season 1 of Apex Legends is now in full swing, the party's far from over. There's rumors out about upcoming content, a new map, and more.The free games coming to Xbox through Games With Gold in April 2019 have been revealed, and they should appease looking for something new to play.The CW's Charmed reboot gains two new showrunners in Craig Shapiro and Elizabeth Krueger after previous showrunner, Carter Covington, stepped down.After an intense social debate and criminal trial, Empire co-star Jussie Smollett has been cleared of all charges regarding his hate crime victimhood.Supernatural is officially ending, but why? The CW announced that Supernatural had been canceled, with the upcoming season 15 being its last one.A new Lord of the Rings game from Daedalic Entertainment will focus on the journey of one of the most complex characters in the property, Gollum.Charles Boyle from Brooklyn Nine-Nine (played by Joe Lo Truglio) is adorable, in a sort of pathetic sense. This list will make you laugh and cringe.New Mutants star Maisie Williams doesn't know when the movie will debut despite an August release date because the reshoots haven't been filmed yet.Marvel Studios unveils several character posters for Avengers: Endgame, including one-sheets that highlight (for now) dead superheroes.EA announces it has laid off an additional 350 people in its latest company move, stating that it wishes to consolidate several departments.ABC's Karey Burke suggests there's a possibility the 2020 Oscars may not have a host after that formula worked so well at the 2019 Oscars.Find out which characters are confirmed and which are rumors in the DCEU's newest movie Shazam!Disney's live-action Dumbo movie has threads of a heartwarming family story, with good performances, but is as shallow as its overly CGI-ed world.Former Batman, Ben Affleck, reveals he is open to reprising one of his previous roles for Kevin Smith's upcoming Jay and Silent Bob Reboot.Zack Snyder revealed that Justice League's original script was rewritten before the movie began production, meaning there were 3 versions of the film.Sony has plans to pull all digital download codes for PlayStation 4 games from physical video game retail outlets soon, including GameStop.Later this year, Trine 4: The Nightmare Prince brings back the classic 2.5D gameplay. This time, though, up to four friends can work together. The gaming industry is mourning the recent loss of Ryan Brant, the founder and longtime CEO of Take-Two Interactive, Rockstar Games' parent company.Jordan Peele's horror movie Us is full of hidden clues and references - but what's the meaning behind the names of the Tethered doppelgangers?Supergirl season 4 has updated Lex Luthor, Otis and Ms. Teschmacher, the classic villains from the original Superman movie, for the 21st Century.Watchmen and Man of Steel filmmaker Zack Snyder says he loves the Avengers films, but audiences need to be more open about other takes on superheroes.
Disney seem to be committed to continuing Deadpool's movie franchise and keeping him R-rated. But how will those plans fit with the MCU?Lupita Nyong'o explains how she prepped her voice for dual roles in Us. In Jordan Peele’s new horror film, she portrays one of "The Tethered."Paramount releases the first trailer for Dora and the Lost City of Gold, a film adaptation of the kids TV series starring Isabela Moner as the lead.Sony Pictures animated film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse's co-director Rodney Rothman reveals alternate lines for Stan Lee's moving cameo.Zack Snyder held a screening for the director's cut of Watchmen and fielded some questions from fans afterward, including a nod to the Snyder Cut.Azor Ahai is said to be the one to save Westeros from the Night King - but who will be the legendary figure?Captain Marvel's ending may well explain why Thanos sent Loki to invade Earth in The Avengers, losing the Mind Stone in the process.Star Trek: Discovery perfectly homaged Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan and the prequel series also planted the seed for Spock's future sacrifice.Hell Warders combines the tower defense and action RPG genres and adds nothing original to either of them, resulting in a mostly dull experience.Wolverine's healing factor makes him the toughest X-Men hero, but science is close to letting humans unlock that superpower (seriously).Netflix's historical drama The Last Kingdom doesn't shy away from death — in fact, a lot of the major characters have gone out in ghastly ways.The popular post-apocalyptic mecha anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion, and its two films, gets their June 2019 premiere date for Netflix.Legendary comic book writer Jonathan Hickman is taking charge of the X-Men franchise - and that means Marvel has big plans for the mutants.Will Smith is partnering with fundraising platform Omaze to offer a once in a lifetime chance to spend the day with him on the set of Bad Boys 3.The reviews are finally out for Warner Bros. and DC's Shazam!, and fans of the comics will be happy to know that the film is a major success.Game of Thrones ends this year with season 8, but not matter how epic the finale is, it will have a hard time topping season 4 as the series' best.The FFXIV Shadowbringers Fanfest update shows that the team has been hard at work: they've announced a new playable race, a new job and more.The OA season 3 hasn't been officially announced by Netflix yet, but with 5 seasons planned, it's likely to come eventually. Here's what to expect.Director Danny Boyle has revealed the reason why he is no longer helming the upcoming 25th installment of the James Bond franchise.Parks and Rec spawned multiple pop culture sensations over its run, and we've got the best of them right here. Disney seem to be committed to continuing Deadpool's movie franchise and keeping him R-rated. But how will those plans fit with the MCU?Agents of SHIELD star Clark Gregg thinks the show is better off when distanced from the MCU's movies - does he have a point?Idris Elba joins the cast of Fox's Mouse Guard comic book movie adaptation. Andy Serkis and Thomas Brodie-Sangster are also starring in the film.Exclusive: Kevin Feige confirms that he imagines introducing Kamala Khan, a.k.a. Ms. Marvel, into the present-day Marvel Cinematic Universe.Joffrey Lannister was one of the most hated characters on Game of Thrones, but the show definitely changed some things about him.Composer Junkie XL will score the upcoming franchise film Terminator: Dark Fate. The project reunites the musician with Deadpool director Tim Miller.The latest episode of Doom Patrol - "Doom Patrol Patrol" - contains a parody of X-Men that is doubly funny to fans of comic book history.The overarching plot of The Flash season 5 took some stunning twists and turns in the latest episode - here are the key questions it raised.Godzilla: King of the Monsters director Michael Dougherty wants to see a classic Godzilla-Avengers fight brought to life in a crossover movie.
The Disney-Fox deal is now complete and gives the MCU Fantastic Four, X-Men, and maybe Deadpool. Here's what it means for the future of the franchise.Paramount Network sets the Yellowstone season 2 premiere date for June 2019; the series stars Kevin Costner and was co-created by Taylor Sheridan.MLB The Show is a license with universal appeal, but it sounds as if the franchise will remain locked to PlayStation consoles for the time being.James Gunn's The Suicide Squad has been described as a "total reboot" of the 2016 movie, but that's not the case - it's more an unconventional sequel.Toy Story 4's full-length trailer features an appearance by Tinny, making the character and his Pixar short, Tin Toy, canon to the Toy Story universe.Patricia Highsmith’s murderous conman is headed to television in a new Talented Mr. Ripley series that’s written and directed by Steve Zaillian.Quantic Dream's three games, previously only available for PlayStation, will finally arrive on PC exclusively via the Epic Games Store.Westworld season 3 is currently in development and should release on HBO in 2020, but what can fans expect from the new season's story?A new Avengers: Endgame tie-in Funko Pop! two-pack teases a rematch between Thanos and the Hulk after their battle in Avengers: Infinity War.Charles Boyle from Brooklyn Nine-Nine (played by Joe Lo Truglio) is adorable, in a sort of pathetic sense. This list will make you laugh and cringe.In a sign that Netflix is embracing more original content, Netflix original TV shows and movies outnumbered acquired TV shows and movies in 2018.Lionsgate releases a set of new Hellboy posters that highlight the reboot's various monsters and nod to the movie's comic book influences.Mary Magdalene finally receives a release date. In the biblical drama, Joaquin Phoenix and Rooney Mara star as Jesus and Mary, respectively.How does Jordan Peele's second film, Us, differ from his first, Get Out? Here's what the new horror movie adds (spoiler-free).Find out which characters are confirmed and which are rumors in the DCEU's newest movie Shazam!The creator of successful YouTube series, Fantastic Adventures, has been charged with child abuse and neglect of her seven adopted children. Even in the much improved season 2, Star Trek: Discovery can't quite bring itself to tackle the big questions about the Federation's moral compass.Not much is known regarding the plot for Avengers: Endgame, but there are already several clues suggesting that the Quantum Realm will be pivotal.Bohemian Rhapsody film editor John Ottman explains how the film's widely-mocked and horribly edited meeting scene came to be. Later this year, Trine 4: The Nightmare Prince brings back the classic 2.5D gameplay. This time, though, up to four friends can work together. The Disney-Fox deal is now complete and gives the MCU Fantastic Four, X-Men, and maybe Deadpool. Here's what it means for the future of the franchise.Production on Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 reportedly won't begin until 2021, which means a theatrical release isn't coming until after that.It turns out that Kratos from God of War was almost added to MLB The Show, but the development team and Sony ultimately decided against it.Toronto might be the luckiest city on Earth, as it's about to receive its own Garfield-inspired restaurant that sells food based on the famous cat.Of all the alternative Earth versions of Harrison Wells that exist in The Flash, which is the best?The mysterious fifth season of Netflix's sci-fi anthology Black Mirror casts MCU star Anthony Mackie and DCEU star Yahya Abdul-Mateen II.Despite the intensely negative feedback surrounding Anthem, EA and BioWare's game managed to top sales charts in February. What does it mean?The Batman - written and directed by Matt Reeves - reportedly begins production in December 2019, ahead of a planned 2021 release date.The complete list to all award winners from the 2019 Sun Valley Film Festival, held annually in the sun-drenched mountains of Sun Valley, Idaho.
Avengers: Endgame writer Christopher Markus says MCU's continuity will be intact after the film, adding they can't just reboot a part of its history. Gotham's latest episode finally delivers Bane's classic "break the Bat" comic moment, although it wasn't Bruce on the end of the beating.This weekend's new Netflix releases include the long-awaited second season of The OA, time travel drama Mirage, and Mötley Crüe biopic The Dirt.Ryan Murphy's The Politician sets a September premiere date with the first poster; the comedy series marks his first original project with Netflix.Comics subscription service InkyPen is now offering Nintendo Switch users some free comics as a sample of its growing catalogue of titles.Netflix's Mötley Crüe film The Dirt slightly revises history for dramatic purposes. Here's how much of the true story was changed.Battlefield V Firestorm finally reveals some gameplay from its battle royale mode, but will it be enough to entice players away from its competitors?After three seasons, FX’s Fargo TV show will once again change its setting and story. So, what can fans expect from Fargo season 4?We interview The Dirt director Jeff Tremaine about why the time was right for a Motley Crue biopic and what people can learn from the band's story.Charles Boyle from Brooklyn Nine-Nine (played by Joe Lo Truglio) is adorable, in a sort of pathetic sense. This list will make you laugh and cringe.Tickets for the upcoming adaptation of Stephen King's Pet Sematary are finally going on sale, lining up with a creepy poster from Regal.We interview The Dirt stars Colson Baker, Douglas Booth and Iwan Rheon about bringing the members of Mötley Crüe to life in the biopic.A Google Stadia gaming platform alternative might not take very long to surface, as a report suggests Walmart is inquiring about launching its own.This Is Us' is slowly making Randall (Sterling K. Brown) become more like his dad, Jack (Milo Ventimiglia) but for all the wrong reasons.Find out which characters are confirmed and which are rumors in the DCEU's newest movie Shazam!Star Wars Celebration Chicago is changing how attendees can access certain panels by creating a virtual reservation and lottery system.A new Detective Pikachu TV spot playfully mocks the real world's Pokémon mania and further highlights the film's action and humor.Love, Death and Robots season 2 is something that many people want after seeing Netflix's new series, but is it happening and when will it release?The Division 2 has faction-specific caches scattered throughout its world for Agents to loot. We'll show you where to find the keys to unlock them.Later this year, Trine 4: The Nightmare Prince brings back the classic 2.5D gameplay. This time, though, up to four friends can work together. The ending of Us will leave you asking many questions about the plot and its meaning. We explain everything that happened right here.One episode from The Big Bang Theory season 7 may have already predicted what lies ahead for Sheldon both personally and professionally.The hit animated series Futurama has a dedicated fan base who have come up with some dark theories over the years. Here's 10 that change the show.Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines 2 has finally been announced after a grueling fifteen-year-long wait since the release of the first game. Of all the alternative Earth versions of Harrison Wells that exist in The Flash, which is the best?The DCEU is still rebounding from Justice League, but Zack Snyder's Justice League plans would have presented a natural reboot opportunity after 2019.Avengers: Endgame writer Christopher Markus says MCU's continuity will be intact after the film, adding they can't just reboot a part of its history. Actor Jake Busey discusses the possibility of Casper Van Dien and himself returning to their famous roles for a Starship Troopers TV series. Star Wars: The Mandalorian executive producer Jon Favreau teases Taika Waititi's potential role voicing IG-88 in a new social media photo.
Captain Marvel explained why Nick Fury chose the name Avenger, but the moment may have also teased a future all-Asian superhero MCU team.Kotal Kahn is the latest character to be confirmed for Mortal Kombat 11, but he makes a less than stellar impression in his reveal trailer.Captain Marvel became a massive box office hit very early into its run, and it's surpassed a number of high-profile superhero films already.Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse producer Avi Arad wants Sam Raimi to direct a new animated Spider-Man movie and wants the director to call him.Magic: The Gathering Arena has a roadmap for its next content update, and it will include the release of new, 3D-style cards for players to use.From Krysten Ritter to Kristen Bell, Gossip Girl has had a LOT of guest stars over the years — and these are the best of them, ranked.Alamo Drafthouse is planning to launch a ticket subscription service, dubbed Season Pass, at all of its locations by the end of the year.Kick-Ass 2 director Jeff Wadlow will direct a live-action Danger Girl movie, based on the hit all-female 90s action/spy comic of the same name.Images of LEGO sets confirm that two of the Elementals in Spider-Man: Far From Home are classic Spider-Man villains Hydro-Man and Molten Man.An elderly Taiwanese man who went viral last year for his Pokemon GO playstyle has now translated that fame into a career as a smartphone ambassador.James Gunn is re-hired by Disney for the MCU's Guardians of the Galaxy 3! Lots of people had takes online about this and we've got the best here!Elizabeth Debicki (Widows) joins John David Washington and Robert Pattinson in the cast of Christopher Nolan's as-yet untitled 2020 film.Apex Legends' latest champion, Octane, has had an explosive release (quite literally). It turns out his design references a Titanfall 2 speedrunner.Rogue One's troubled production saw plenty of script changes and writer Chris Weitz claims that earlier versions had a happy ending and a wedding.Nintendo wrapped up it's Nindies Showcase Spring 2019, and there was a lot to like. Here's a quick rundown of every game that was revealed.Heroes never die in our hearts. The television show Arrow has given us many legendary heroes, it's our duty to give you our ranking of them.The Sopranos prequel, Newark, casts Hamilton actor Leslie Odom Jr. in David Chase’s drama set against the New Jersey riots of the late ‘60s.Sony releases a new image of Tom Hanks as Fred Rogers in A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood to celebrate the late Fred Rogers' birthday.Season 2 of Hulu’s Stephen King anthology series Castle Rock casts Masters of Sex star Lizzy Caplan as ‘budding psychopath’ Annie Wilkes of Misery.The first full-length trailer for Stranger Things season 3 is a mix of humor and terror. Let's break down the biggest story reveals and secrets.Marvel and DC are head-to-head again with MCU's new female superhero film, Captain Marvel. Find out what Wonder Woman did better and worse.Avengers: Endgame directors Joe and Anthony Russo admit to manipulating footage in trailers to preserve the secrecy of the film's narrative.Red Dead Online has had another update, and this one brings both a number of cosmetic options and the mother of all catches: a fishing challenge.Hulu’s true-crime series The Act fictionalizes a truly bizarre murder case and offers up another strong performance from Patricia Arquette.Game of Thrones eventually revealed Littlefinger's connection to the death of Jon Arryn, but a music cue offered an early clue to this crime.Captain Marvel is poised to become one of the MCU's biggest hits, but before you see the movie, you should check out these must-own items!Orion announces an official 2020 release date for Bill & Ted Face the Music, with Keanu Reeves and Alex Winter reprising their respective roles.In one of the most unexpected crossovers of 2019, The Legend of Zelda will be joining Crypt of the Necrodancer later this spring in a new game.An Easter egg referring to a villainous group from the comics in Star City 2040 may foreshadow the details of Oliver Queen's death in Arrow Season 8.Actor Michael B. Jordan will produce a new monster movie from Jordan Vogt-Roberts, the director of Kong: Skull Island, starring Brie Larson.
Captain Marvel explained why Nick Fury chose the name Avenger, but the moment may have also teased a future all-Asian superhero MCU team.Actor Oscar Isaac debunks rumors he's up to star in The Batman from director Matt Reeves, but says he'd like to be considered for the role.Captain Marvel became a massive box office hit very early into its run, and it's surpassed a number of high-profile superhero films already.Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse producer Avi Arad wants Sam Raimi to direct a new animated Spider-Man movie and wants the director to call him.Magic: The Gathering Arena has a roadmap for its next content update, and it will include the release of new, 3D-style cards for players to use.From Krysten Ritter to Kristen Bell, Gossip Girl has had a LOT of guest stars over the years — and these are the best of them, ranked.Alamo Drafthouse is planning to launch a ticket subscription service, dubbed Season Pass, at all of its locations by the end of the year.Kick-Ass 2 director Jeff Wadlow will direct a live-action Danger Girl movie, based on the hit all-female 90s action/spy comic of the same name.Images of LEGO sets confirm that two of the Elementals in Spider-Man: Far From Home are classic Spider-Man villains Hydro-Man and Molten Man.An elderly Taiwanese man who went viral last year for his Pokemon GO playstyle has now translated that fame into a career as a smartphone ambassador.James Gunn is re-hired by Disney for the MCU's Guardians of the Galaxy 3! Lots of people had takes online about this and we've got the best here!Elizabeth Debicki (Widows) joins John David Washington and Robert Pattinson in the cast of Christopher Nolan's as-yet untitled 2020 film.Apex Legends' latest champion, Octane, has had an explosive release (quite literally). It turns out his design references a Titanfall 2 speedrunner.Rogue One's troubled production saw plenty of script changes and writer Chris Weitz claims that earlier versions had a happy ending and a wedding.Nintendo wrapped up it's Nindies Showcase Spring 2019, and there was a lot to like. Here's a quick rundown of every game that was revealed.Heroes never die in our hearts. The television show Arrow has given us many legendary heroes, it's our duty to give you our ranking of them.The Sopranos prequel, Newark, casts Hamilton actor Leslie Odom Jr. in David Chase’s drama set against the New Jersey riots of the late ‘60s.Sony releases a new image of Tom Hanks as Fred Rogers in A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood to celebrate the late Fred Rogers' birthday.Season 2 of Hulu’s Stephen King anthology series Castle Rock casts Masters of Sex star Lizzy Caplan as ‘budding psychopath’ Annie Wilkes of Misery.The first full-length trailer for Stranger Things season 3 is a mix of humor and terror. Let's break down the biggest story reveals and secrets.Marvel and DC are head-to-head again with MCU's new female superhero film, Captain Marvel. Find out what Wonder Woman did better and worse.Avengers: Endgame directors Joe and Anthony Russo admit to manipulating footage in trailers to preserve the secrecy of the film's narrative.Red Dead Online has had another update, and this one brings both a number of cosmetic options and the mother of all catches: a fishing challenge.Hulu’s true-crime series The Act fictionalizes a truly bizarre murder case and offers up another strong performance from Patricia Arquette.Game of Thrones eventually revealed Littlefinger's connection to the death of Jon Arryn, but a music cue offered an early clue to this crime.Captain Marvel is poised to become one of the MCU's biggest hits, but before you see the movie, you should check out these must-own items!Orion announces an official 2020 release date for Bill & Ted Face the Music, with Keanu Reeves and Alex Winter reprising their respective roles.In one of the most unexpected crossovers of 2019, The Legend of Zelda will be joining Crypt of the Necrodancer later this spring in a new game.An Easter egg referring to a villainous group from the comics in Star City 2040 may foreshadow the details of Oliver Queen's death in Arrow Season 8.Actor Michael B. Jordan will produce a new monster movie from Jordan Vogt-Roberts, the director of Kong: Skull Island, starring Brie Larson.
Star Wars: Episode IX will be the end of the Skywalker saga, with the franchise expanding into other trilogies, but there can still be a Star Wars 10.Michael B. Jordan is starring in Warner Bros.' Methuselah, a fantasy adventure about an ageless man who's existed for more than 400 years.An interview with Amy Hennig sees the mind behind EA's canceled Star Wars game discuss how her vision of it included an ensemble cast like the films.What can fans expect from American Horror Story season 9? FX’s anthology horror series is back in 2019 and, this time, is moving beyond witches.Capcom, the developer of the Street Fighter series, hints at big news for the fifth instalment of the popular fighting game franchise. The Legends of Tomorrow season 4 return trailer features the Legends dressed as Arrow, Flash, and Supergirl, Bollywood musical numbers, and much more.Apple announces Apple Arcade, a new mobile gaming subscription service that will bring over 100 unique titles to gamers in exchange for a monthly fee.William Sadler will return to Bill & Ted Face the Music to play Death, the character he first portrayed in Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey.Jordan Peele's Us exceeded commercial expectations during its opening weekend at the box office, so we take a look at some of the reasons why.FromSoftware's latest installment is officially Steam's biggest launch of 2019, with 124,334 concurrent players stepping up to the challenge.Actress Betty Gilpin lands a role in the upcoming action thriller The Hunt from Universal and Blumhouse with Craig Zobel set to direct.The as-yet untitled James Bond 25 reportedly begins filming this week, with Cary Fukunaga directing and Daniel Craig playing 007 for the final time.Screen Rant's Ryan George reveals what (probably) happened in the pitch meeting for Batman and Robin, Joel Schumacher's much-maligned superhero movie.Charles Boyle from Brooklyn Nine-Nine (played by Joe Lo Truglio) is adorable, in a sort of pathetic sense. This list will make you laugh and cringe.An excerpt from the PlayStation website's Apex Legends page spoils the fact that we'll be getting another new character before Season 1 is done.Fortnite's newest limited time mode has now been announced and it's a game that we're all more than likely familiar with: The Floor is Lava. Captain Marvel's Goose the cat scenes were 80 percent CGI, a visual effects supervisor on the film reveals (much to the dismay of Goose fans).Hulu officially renews their Marvel TV show Runaways for a third season, which will be "magical" and more connected to the Marvel universe.Find out which characters are confirmed and which are rumors in the DCEU's newest movie Shazam!Star Trek: Discovery's Control A.I. is starting to heavily resemble one of the Star Trek franchise's most iconic villains - the Borg.Two new Nintendo Switch models may hit the market as early as this summer for those who are wanting to get their hands on Nintendo's flagship console.Marvel figures give fans their best looks at Ronin's full costume and Thanos' new Infinity Gauntlet from the upcoming Avengers: Endgame.The official details of the Final Fantasy XIV and Final Fantasy XV collab have been confirmed, including the crossover start date, glamors, and more.Later this year, Trine 4: The Nightmare Prince brings back the classic 2.5D gameplay. This time, though, up to four friends can work together. For Game of Thrones season 8 to truly end on a satisfying note, the Iron Throne should be destroyed and the Westeros government needs to be changed.A trio of new Spider-Man: Far From Home posters show Peter Parker touring various European cities while on his scenic summer vacation.Zack Snyder finally explains what caused the Justice League rewrites and explained some new details about the movie's original time-travel plot.Watchmen and former DC Extended Universe filmmaker Zack Snyder offers an explanation why the heroes in his movies are almost always not innocent.
Star Wars: Episode IX will be the end of the Skywalker saga, with the franchise expanding into other trilogies, but there can still be a Star Wars 10.Actress Betty Gilpin lands a role in the upcoming action thriller The Hunt from Universal and Blumhouse with Craig Zobel set to direct.The as-yet untitled James Bond 25 reportedly begins filming this week, with Cary Fukunaga directing and Daniel Craig playing 007 for the final time.Screen Rant's Ryan George reveals what (probably) happened in the pitch meeting for Batman and Robin, Joel Schumacher's much-maligned superhero movie.The Kingdom Hearts series was originally meant to combine the worlds of Disney and Final Fantasy, but the setting became a little too crowded. Queer Eye is one of the biggest hits Netflix has produced. We take a look back at where the first season's participants are today.Fortnite's newest limited time mode has now been announced and it's a game that we're all more than likely familiar with: The Floor is Lava. Captain Marvel's Goose the cat scenes were 80 percent CGI, a visual effects supervisor on the film reveals (much to the dismay of Goose fans).Hulu officially renews their Marvel TV show Runaways for a third season, which will be "magical" and more connected to the Marvel universe.Shazam outgrosses movies like How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World and DC's own Aquaman during its sneak peek theatrical screenings.As we approach the 80th anniversary of Batman, let's take a look back at some of the best and most important Dark Knight stories.Two new Nintendo Switch models may hit the market as early as this summer for those who are wanting to get their hands on Nintendo's flagship console.Marvel figures give fans their best looks at Ronin's full costume and Thanos' new Infinity Gauntlet from the upcoming Avengers: Endgame.The official details of the Final Fantasy XIV and Final Fantasy XV collab have been confirmed, including the crossover start date, glamors, and more.The recently released trailer for Stranger Things season 3 is currently the most-watched video on Netflix's official YouTube channel.The MCU's latest movie Captain Marvel has some quotes that will be repeated by fans for years to come. Here are some of our favorites!A trio of new Spider-Man: Far From Home posters show Peter Parker touring various European cities while on his scenic summer vacation.Zack Snyder finally explains what caused the Justice League rewrites and explained some new details about the movie's original time-travel plot.Watchmen and former DC Extended Universe filmmaker Zack Snyder offers an explanation why the heroes in his movies are almost always not innocent. The reveal of Lex Luthor's plan in Supergirl has explained away many of season 4's plot holes, particularly those involving the Supergirl clone.Pretty Little Liars was a massively successful TV show and it's only been made better by guest stars such as Adam Lambert and Claire Holt.A new photo from the upcoming Fast & Furious spinoff film Hobbs & Shaw shows Idris Elba's villain Brixton brandishing a large flamethrower.Devil May Cry 5 features a series of 12 secret missions. Here is how to find each mission and what players need to do to complete each one.Leading up to Anthony and Joe Russo's Avengers: Endgame, here's how to watch every MCU movie online - on Netflix, Amazon Prime, and more.The Division 2 has no shortage of endgame content, and this includes the return of Hunters from the first Division to give you a run for your money.The trailer for the final season of Game of Thrones just dropped today, and needless to say, the internet is already full of reactions.There is an art to crafting the perfect movie trailer for the next highly anticipated blockbuster or small indie film, so here's how they are made.AMC’s martial arts series Into the Badlands prepares for its final run by setting up an epic endgame between Sunny and Pilgrim’s growing army.After the exit of Rick Grimes in The Walking Dead, actor Norman Reedus believes his character, Daryl Dixon, needs closure on what happened.The trailer for Stranger Things season 3 introduced the show's new monster but could it actually a mutated version of a particular character?
Disney seem to be committed to continuing Deadpool's movie franchise and keeping him R-rated. But how will those plans fit with the MCU?Wolverine's healing factor makes him the toughest X-Men hero, but science is close to letting humans to unlock that superpower (seriously).Atlus made waves after it aired its first episode of the Persona 5 anime by dropping a Persona 5 The Royal trailer, alluding to a new spinoff title.The popular post-apocalyptic mecha anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion, and its two films, gets their June 2019 premiere date for Netflix.Legendary comic book writer Jonathan Hickman is taking charge of the X-Men franchise - and that means Marvel has big plans for the mutants.Azor Ahai is said to be the one to save Westeros from the Night King - but who will be the legendary figure?The reviews are finally out for Warner Bros. and DC's Shazam!, and fans of the comics will be happy to know that the film is a major success.Shazam! is a wildly fun superhero adventure, with plenty of humor and heart, but struggles at times to strike a good balance between levity and drama.Game of Thrones ends this year with season 8, but not matter how epic the finale is, it will have a hard time topping season 4 as the series' best.The FFXIV Shadowbringers Fanfest update shows that the team has been hard at work: they've announced a new playable race, a new job and more.Netflix's historical drama The Last Kingdom doesn't shy away from death — in fact, a lot of the major characters have gone out in ghastly ways.The Avengers: Endgame trailers can be pieced together to build a rough timeline of when each scene takes place (with the help of Black Widow's hair).Disney seem to be committed to continuing Deadpool's movie franchise and keeping him R-rated. But how will those plans fit with the MCU?Agents of SHIELD star Clark Gregg thinks the show is better off when distanced from the MCU's movies - does he have a point?Idris Elba joins the cast of Fox's Mouse Guard comic book movie adaptation. Andy Serkis and Thomas Brodie-Sangster are also starring in the film.Paramount reportedly wants to cut a provocative scene from the new biopic Rocketman, but director Dexter Fletcher has debunked the rumors on Twitter.Composer Junkie XL will score the upcoming franchise film Terminator: Dark Fate. The project reunites the musician with Deadpool director Tim Miller.The latest episode of Doom Patrol - "Doom Patrol Patrol" - contains a parody of X-Men that is doubly funny to fans of comic book history.The overarching plot of The Flash season 5 took some stunning twists and turns in the latest episode - here are the key questions it raised.Parks and Rec spawned multiple pop culture sensations over its run, and we've got the best of them right here. AMC's Into the Badlands is ending after season 3, and the show's cancelation seems to be the result of declining ratings and a loss of interest.Netflix will produce To All the Boys I've Loved Before 2 with a new director. Lana Condor and Noah Centineo will reprise their main roles.We interview Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige about why the time is right for Captain Marvel and the MCU's exciting future in Phase 4.Exclusive: Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige reveals that they have yet to change their movie schedule because of box office results.Joffrey Lannister was one of the most hated characters on Game of Thrones, but the show definitely changed some things about him.Wonder Woman 1984 producer Charles Roven provides a candid explanation why the Patty Jenkins and Gal Gadot sequel was pushed to summer of 2020.Us is an innovative new horror movie from Jordan Peele, but if you're a hardcore fan of The Simpsons, you can spot the ending coming a mile away.It’s official: The Walt Disney Company now owns 21st Century Fox and its many assets. Here’s what they own and what it means for Hollywood.Star Wars is getting its first live-action TV series in the form of The Mandalorian. Here's everything we know about Jon Favreau's TV show so far.
Captain Marvel's ending may well explain why Thanos sent Loki to invade Earth in The Avengers, losing the Mind Stone in the process.The life of DC's Flash is getting more and more dangerous, just as a classic Rogue returning for revenge. Read our exclusive preview now.A new photo from the upcoming Fast & Furious spinoff film Hobbs & Shaw shows Idris Elba's villain Brixton brandishing a large flamethrower.Devil May Cry 5 features a series of 12 secret missions. Here is how to find each mission and what players need to do to complete each one.Leading up to Anthony and Joe Russo's Avengers: Endgame, here's how to watch every MCU movie online - on Netflix, Amazon Prime, and more.Azor Ahai is said to be the one to save Westeros from the Night King - but who will be the legendary figure?Here are all 10 characters who were killed by the Whisperers during the fair in The Walking Dead season 9 episode 15, "The Calm Before".There is an art to crafting the perfect movie trailer for the next highly anticipated blockbuster or small indie film, so here's how they are made.AMC’s martial arts series Into the Badlands prepares for its final run by setting up an epic endgame between Sunny and Pilgrim’s growing army.After the exit of Rick Grimes in The Walking Dead, actor Norman Reedus believes his character, Daryl Dixon, needs closure on what happened.Netflix's historical drama The Last Kingdom doesn't shy away from death — in fact, a lot of the major characters have gone out in ghastly ways.A New Jersey high school drama club's stage production of Ridley Scott's iconic Alien has gone viral, thanks to its outstanding attention to detail. Tim Miller and David Fincher's Love, Death & Robots anthology series is now streaming on Netflix, and here's every episode ranked from worst to best.Director Larry Cohen, helmer of the horror cult classics It's Alive and The Stuff and general B-movie icon, passed away yesterday at the age of 77.The Umbrella Academy season 1 left a lot of questions unanswered about the Commission. Is it possible they work for a post-apocalyptic race?Part of the cast of Amy Heckerling's 1995 classic Clueless reunited at the 2019 C2E2 convention for a panel that brought a big dose of nostalgia.Shazam! marks the end of an era for the DC Extended Universe, as it's the last movie from the original slate that hasn't been cancelled or delayed.Evan Alex, who starred as Jason in Jordan Peele's horror film Us, is very interested in joining the Black Panther franchise as T'Challa's son Azari. EPIX releases a teaser trailer for Godfather of Harlem. The crime drama focuses on the life and times of Bumpy Johnson, a real-life mafia boss.Parks and Rec spawned multiple pop culture sensations over its run, and we've got the best of them right here. Jordan Peele's Us easily won the box offie during its opening weekend by posting the highest debut for an original horror movie of all-time.Lupita Nyong'o explains how she prepped her voice for dual roles in Us. In Jordan Peele’s new horror film, she portrays one of "The Tethered."Paramount releases the first trailer for Dora and the Lost City of Gold, a film adaptation of the kids TV series starring Isabela Moner as the lead.Sony Pictures animated film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse's co-director Rodney Rothman reveals alternate lines for Stan Lee's moving cameo.Joffrey Lannister was one of the most hated characters on Game of Thrones, but the show definitely changed some things about him.With Google and Xbox building their own 'Netflix for games' services, it seems more evident now than ever that gaming consoles will die off.Gotham revealed a big twist this week, bringing in a new character from the comics and showing yet more influence from Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises.Captain Marvel's ending may well explain why Thanos sent Loki to invade Earth in The Avengers, losing the Mind Stone in the process.Star Trek: Discovery perfectly homaged Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan and the prequel series also planted the seed for Spock's future sacrifice.
Captain Marvel's ending may well explain why Thanos sent Loki to invade Earth in The Avengers, losing the Mind Stone in the process.The Division 2 has no shortage of endgame content, and this includes the return of Hunters from the first Division to give you a run for your money.Here are all 10 characters who were killed by the Whisperers during the fair in The Walking Dead season 9 episode 15, "The Calm Before".There is an art to crafting the perfect movie trailer for the next highly anticipated blockbuster or small indie film, so here's how they are made.AMC’s martial arts series Into the Badlands prepares for its final run by setting up an epic endgame between Sunny and Pilgrim’s growing army.Azor Ahai is said to be the one to save Westeros from the Night King - but who will be the legendary figure?The trailer for Stranger Things season 3 introduced the show's new monster but could it actually a mutated version of a particular character?A New Jersey high school drama club's stage production of Ridley Scott's iconic Alien has gone viral, thanks to its outstanding attention to detail. Tim Miller and David Fincher's Love, Death & Robots anthology series is now streaming on Netflix, and here's every episode ranked from worst to best.Director Larry Cohen, helmer of the horror cult classics It's Alive and The Stuff and general B-movie icon, passed away yesterday at the age of 77.Netflix's historical drama The Last Kingdom doesn't shy away from death — in fact, a lot of the major characters have gone out in ghastly ways.Star Wars: Episode IX will be the end of the Skywalker saga, with the franchise expanding into other trilogies, but there can still be a Star Wars 10.Part of the cast of Amy Heckerling's 1995 classic Clueless reunited at the 2019 C2E2 convention for a panel that brought a big dose of nostalgia.Shazam! marks the end of an era for the DC Extended Universe, as it's the last movie from the original slate that hasn't been cancelled or delayed.Evan Alex, who starred as Jason in Jordan Peele's horror film Us, is very interested in joining the Black Panther franchise as T'Challa's son Azari. The OA season 2 introduced the concept of the Multiverse - but just how does the Multiverse work in Netflix's trippiest TV series?Jordan Peele's Us easily won the box offie during its opening weekend by posting the highest debut for an original horror movie of all-time.Lupita Nyong'o explains how she prepped her voice for dual roles in Us. In Jordan Peele’s new horror film, she portrays one of "The Tethered."Paramount releases the first trailer for Dora and the Lost City of Gold, a film adaptation of the kids TV series starring Isabela Moner as the lead.Parks and Rec spawned multiple pop culture sensations over its run, and we've got the best of them right here. Zack Snyder held a screening for the director's cut of Watchmen and fielded some questions from fans afterward, including a nod to the Snyder Cut.With Google and Xbox building their own 'Netflix for games' services, it seems more evident now than ever that gaming consoles will die off.Gotham revealed a big twist this week, bringing in a new character from the comics and showing yet more influence from Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises.Captain Marvel's ending may well explain why Thanos sent Loki to invade Earth in The Avengers, losing the Mind Stone in the process.Joffrey Lannister was one of the most hated characters on Game of Thrones, but the show definitely changed some things about him.Hell Warders combines the tower defense and action RPG genres and adds nothing original to either of them, resulting in a mostly dull experience.Wolverine's healing factor makes him the toughest X-Men hero, but science is close to letting humans unlock that superpower (seriously).Atlus made waves after it aired its first episode of the Persona 5 anime by dropping a Persona 5 The Royal trailer, alluding to a new spinoff title.The popular post-apocalyptic mecha anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion, and its two films, gets their June 2019 premiere date for Netflix.
Captain Marvel correctly states that "humor is a distraction". Unfortunately, the MCU doesn't learn its lesson in the prequel movie.Pet Sematary producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura says the possibility exists for the Stephen King-based horror movie remake to get a prequel.Tom Hopper, star of Netflix's The Umbrella Academy, is the latest casting choice for the upcoming sequel to 2017's The Hitman's Bodyguard.Here's everything that was revealed on the Godzilla: King of the Monsters set, including new character, story, and franchise details.An Overwatch contenders team, Lucky Future, creates a controversy surrounding player acquisitions that could implicate Blizzard as well.The CW's Supernatural is coming to an end. Dean & Sam Winchester, and Castiel, will have their stories finalized — but what do we need to happen?Bethesda is overhauling Fallout 76's PvP mechanics and introducing the competitive Survival Mode to pit gamers against each other in the Wasteland.Anthem's latest update, 1.0.4, makes some changes to loot that have now somehow rendered an already questionable system significantly worse.Avengers: Endgame character posters confirm that Tessa Thompson's Valkyrie survived Thanos' snap and will appear in the Marvel movie.Netflix's The Perfect Date trailer and poster star Noah Centineo as a high schooler who offers his services as stand-in date for his classmates.Azor Ahai is said to be the one to save Westeros from the Night King - but who will be the legendary figure?Queer Eye season 4 will need a fresh crew of heroes, and there are steps fans can take to nominate someone for the popular Netflix series. HBO announces they're developing Stranger Comics' fantasy epic Asunda into a drama TV show on the heels of Game of Thrones' series finale.Battlefield V's Trial By Fire FAQ answers a question about the soldier dragging feature many wanted to see, but it's not a response fans will like.The final season of Showtime’s Emmy-winning spy drama Homeland casts Hannibal’s Hugh Dancy in a guest role as an adversary for Saul Berenson.Netflix's historical drama The Last Kingdom doesn't shy away from death — in fact, a lot of the major characters have gone out in ghastly ways.Tickets for Avengers: Endgame will go on sale April 2 as Marvel Studios continues to drum up hype for their upcoming tentpole.Netflix is hiring game designers to help bring users of the streaming service more Choose Your Own Adventure content like Black Mirror: Bandersnatch.While Season 1 of Apex Legends is now in full swing, the party's far from over. There's rumors out about upcoming content, a new map, and more.The free games coming to Xbox through Games With Gold in April 2019 have been revealed, and they should appease looking for something new to play.The CW's Charmed reboot gains two new showrunners in Craig Shapiro and Elizabeth Krueger after previous showrunner, Carter Covington, stepped down.After an intense social debate and criminal trial, Empire co-star Jussie Smollett has been cleared of all charges regarding his hate crime victimhood.Supernatural is officially ending, but why? The CW announced that Supernatural had been canceled, with the upcoming season 15 being its last one.A new Lord of the Rings game from Daedalic Entertainment will focus on the journey of one of the most complex characters in the property, Gollum.Parks and Rec spawned multiple pop culture sensations over its run, and we've got the best of them right here. New Mutants star Maisie Williams doesn't know when the movie will debut despite an August release date because the reshoots haven't been filmed yet.Marvel Studios unveils several character posters for Avengers: Endgame, including one-sheets that highlight (for now) dead superheroes.EA announces it has laid off an additional 350 people in its latest company move, stating that it wishes to consolidate several departments.ABC's Karey Burke suggests there's a possibility the 2020 Oscars may not have a host after that formula worked so well at the 2019 Oscars.
The Disney-Fox deal is now complete and gives the MCU Fantastic Four, X-Men, and maybe Deadpool. Here's what it means for the future of the franchise.Jordan Peele's Us is the first major horror movie of 2019. Just how scary and violent is the Get Out follow-up? We explain (spoiler-free).Mike Trout is currently the best player in Major League Baseball, and he's rated very highly in MLB The Show 19 as a result of his real-life skill.Critics weigh in with reviews of FromSoftware's Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice. The game may be tough, but it's also one of 2019's finest titles.The developers behind Cuphead are hopeful that fans will be able to drum up enough demand to have the characters appear in Smash Bros. Ultimate.The alter-egos of the Marvel and DC superheroes Spider-Man and Batman are included on a list recognizing and celebrating White House interns.While it's not unusual for Marvel and DC Comics to reference one another, both The Flash and Arrow made references to Spider-Man this week.
The new trailer for John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum contains a sly Easter egg to Keanu Reeves' famous role as Neo in The Matrix.HBO releases a poster for Game of Thrones season 8 that transforms Drogon into the Iron Throne, ahead of the show's return in mid-April.Charles Boyle from Brooklyn Nine-Nine (played by Joe Lo Truglio) is adorable, in a sort of pathetic sense. This list will make you laugh and cringe.Star Wars creator George Lucas said as early as 1977 that he always intended for the Star Wars universe to include female stormtroopers.Paramount Network sets the Yellowstone season 2 premiere date for June 2019; the series stars Kevin Costner and was co-created by Taylor Sheridan.MLB The Show is a license with universal appeal, but it sounds as if the franchise will remain locked to PlayStation consoles for the time being.James Gunn's The Suicide Squad has been described as a "total reboot" of the 2016 movie, but that's not the case - it's more an unconventional sequel.Find out which characters are confirmed and which are rumors in the DCEU's newest movie Shazam!A new Avengers: Endgame TV spot doesn't reveal any new footage, but does include more dialogue from Captain America's rallying speech. Patricia Highsmith’s murderous conman is headed to television in a new Talented Mr. Ripley series that’s written and directed by Steve Zaillian.Quantic Dream's three games, previously only available for PlayStation, will finally arrive on PC exclusively via the Epic Games Store.Westworld season 3 is currently in development and should release on HBO in 2020, but what can fans expect from the new season's story?Later this year, Trine 4: The Nightmare Prince brings back the classic 2.5D gameplay. This time, though, up to four friends can work together. The newest trailer for John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum tease more intense action as John prepares for his personal war against the underworld.In a sign that Netflix is embracing more original content, Netflix original TV shows and movies outnumbered acquired TV shows and movies in 2018.Lionsgate releases a set of new Hellboy posters that highlight the reboot's various monsters and nod to the movie's comic book influences.Mary Magdalene finally receives a release date. In the biblical drama, Joaquin Phoenix and Rooney Mara star as Jesus and Mary, respectively.Of all the alternative Earth versions of Harrison Wells that exist in The Flash, which is the best?The Walking Dead is currently focused on the Whisperers but the series might be providing clues that the Commonwealth will be introduced in season 10.The creator of successful YouTube series, Fantastic Adventures, has been charged with child abuse and neglect of her seven adopted children. Even in the much improved season 2, Star Trek: Discovery can't quite bring itself to tackle the big questions about the Federation's moral compass.Not much is known regarding the plot for Avengers: Endgame, but there are already several clues suggesting that the Quantum Realm will be pivotal.
Captain Marvel's ending may well explain why Thanos sent Loki to invade Earth in The Avengers, losing the Mind Stone in the process.There is an art to crafting the perfect movie trailer for the next highly anticipated blockbuster or small indie film, so here's how they are made.After the exit of Rick Grimes in The Walking Dead, actor Norman Reedus believes his character, Daryl Dixon, needs closure on what happened.The trailer for Stranger Things season 3 introduced the show's new monster but could it actually a mutated version of a particular character?A New Jersey high school drama club's stage production of Ridley Scott's iconic Alien has gone viral, thanks to its outstanding attention to detail. Azor Ahai is said to be the one to save Westeros from the Night King - but who will be the legendary figure?Director Larry Cohen, helmer of the horror cult classics It's Alive and The Stuff and general B-movie icon, passed away yesterday at the age of 77.The Umbrella Academy season 1 left a lot of questions unanswered about the Commission. Is it possible they work for a post-apocalyptic race?Star Wars: Episode IX will be the end of the Skywalker saga, with the franchise expanding into other trilogies, but there can still be a Star Wars 10.Part of the cast of Amy Heckerling's 1995 classic Clueless reunited at the 2019 C2E2 convention for a panel that brought a big dose of nostalgia.Netflix's historical drama The Last Kingdom doesn't shy away from death — in fact, a lot of the major characters have gone out in ghastly ways.Evan Alex, who starred as Jason in Jordan Peele's horror film Us, is very interested in joining the Black Panther franchise as T'Challa's son Azari. EPIX releases a teaser trailer for Godfather of Harlem. The crime drama focuses on the life and times of Bumpy Johnson, a real-life mafia boss.The OA season 2 introduced the concept of the Multiverse - but just how does the Multiverse work in Netflix's trippiest TV series?Jordan Peele's Us easily won the box offie during its opening weekend by posting the highest debut for an original horror movie of all-time.Paramount releases the first trailer for Dora and the Lost City of Gold, a film adaptation of the kids TV series starring Isabela Moner as the lead.Sony Pictures animated film Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse's co-director Rodney Rothman reveals alternate lines for Stan Lee's moving cameo.Zack Snyder held a screening for the director's cut of Watchmen and fielded some questions from fans afterward, including a nod to the Snyder Cut.Gotham revealed a big twist this week, bringing in a new character from the comics and showing yet more influence from Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises.Parks and Rec spawned multiple pop culture sensations over its run, and we've got the best of them right here. Star Trek: Discovery perfectly homaged Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan and the prequel series also planted the seed for Spock's future sacrifice.Hell Warders combines the tower defense and action RPG genres and adds nothing original to either of them, resulting in a mostly dull experience.Wolverine's healing factor makes him the toughest X-Men hero, but science is close to letting humans unlock that superpower (seriously).Atlus made waves after it aired its first episode of the Persona 5 anime by dropping a Persona 5 The Royal trailer, alluding to a new spinoff title.Joffrey Lannister was one of the most hated characters on Game of Thrones, but the show definitely changed some things about him.Legendary comic book writer Jonathan Hickman is taking charge of the X-Men franchise - and that means Marvel has big plans for the mutants.Will Smith is partnering with fundraising platform Omaze to offer a once in a lifetime chance to spend the day with him on the set of Bad Boys 3.The reviews are finally out for Warner Bros. and DC's Shazam!, and fans of the comics will be happy to know that the film is a major success.Shazam! is a wildly fun superhero adventure, with plenty of humor and heart, but struggles at times to strike a good balance between levity and drama.
Disney seem to be committed to continuing Deadpool's movie franchise and keeping him R-rated. But how will those plans fit with the MCU?Legendary comic book writer Jonathan Hickman is taking charge of the X-Men franchise - and that means Marvel has big plans for the mutants.Will Smith is partnering with fundraising platform Omaze to offer a once in a lifetime chance to spend the day with him on the set of Bad Boys 3.The reviews are finally out for Warner Bros. and DC's Shazam!, and fans of the comics will be happy to know that the film is a major success.Shazam! is a wildly fun superhero adventure, with plenty of humor and heart, but struggles at times to strike a good balance between levity and drama.Azor Ahai is said to be the one to save Westeros from the Night King - but who will be the legendary figure?The FFXIV Shadowbringers Fanfest update shows that the team has been hard at work: they've announced a new playable race, a new job and more.The OA season 3 hasn't been officially announced by Netflix yet, but with 5 seasons planned, it's likely to come eventually. Here's what to expect.Director Danny Boyle has revealed the reason why he is no longer helming the upcoming 25th installment of the James Bond franchise.The Avengers: Endgame trailers can be pieced together to build a rough timeline of when each scene takes place (with the help of Black Widow's hair).Netflix's historical drama The Last Kingdom doesn't shy away from death — in fact, a lot of the major characters have gone out in ghastly ways.Agents of SHIELD star Clark Gregg thinks the show is better off when distanced from the MCU's movies - does he have a point?Idris Elba joins the cast of Fox's Mouse Guard comic book movie adaptation. Andy Serkis and Thomas Brodie-Sangster are also starring in the film.Exclusive: Kevin Feige confirms that he imagines introducing Kamala Khan, a.k.a. Ms. Marvel, into the present-day Marvel Cinematic Universe.Paramount reportedly wants to cut a provocative scene from the new biopic Rocketman, but director Dexter Fletcher has debunked the rumors on Twitter.The latest episode of Doom Patrol - "Doom Patrol Patrol" - contains a parody of X-Men that is doubly funny to fans of comic book history.The overarching plot of The Flash season 5 took some stunning twists and turns in the latest episode - here are the key questions it raised.Godzilla: King of the Monsters director Michael Dougherty wants to see a classic Godzilla-Avengers fight brought to life in a crossover movie.AMC's Into the Badlands is ending after season 3, and the show's cancelation seems to be the result of declining ratings and a loss of interest.Parks and Rec spawned multiple pop culture sensations over its run, and we've got the best of them right here. We interview Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige about why the time is right for Captain Marvel and the MCU's exciting future in Phase 4.Exclusive: Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige reveals that they have yet to change their movie schedule because of box office results.Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman are the first feature film for the characters, but only one improves its character by changing her origin story.Wonder Woman 1984 producer Charles Roven provides a candid explanation why the Patty Jenkins and Gal Gadot sequel was pushed to summer of 2020.Joffrey Lannister was one of the most hated characters on Game of Thrones, but the show definitely changed some things about him.It’s official: The Walt Disney Company now owns 21st Century Fox and its many assets. Here’s what they own and what it means for Hollywood.Star Wars is getting its first live-action TV series in the form of The Mandalorian. Here's everything we know about Jon Favreau's TV show so far.Roseanne Barr is still quite angry about about being fired from her show, and now specifically blames former co-star Sara Gilbert for her downfall.Inhumans and Once Upon A Time In Hollywood actor, Mike Moh, reveals that he is open to playing Marvel's Shang-Chi in the upcoming MCU film.
Disney seem to be committed to continuing Deadpool's movie franchise and keeping him R-rated. But how will those plans fit with the MCU?Star Wars: Episode IX will be the end of the Skywalker saga, with the franchise expanding into other trilogies, but there can still be a Star Wars 10.Part of the cast of Amy Heckerling's 1995 classic Clueless reunited at the 2019 C2E2 convention for a panel that brought a big dose of nostalgia.Shazam! marks the end of an era for the DC Extended Universe, as it's the last movie from the original slate that hasn't been cancelled or delayed.Evan Alex, who starred as Jason in Jordan Peele's horror film Us, is very interested in joining the Black Panther franchise as T'Challa's son Azari. Azor Ahai is said to be the one to save Westeros from the Night King - but who will be the legendary figure?The OA season 2 introduced the concept of the Multiverse - but just how does the Multiverse work in Netflix's trippiest TV series?Jordan Peele's Us easily won the box offie during its opening weekend by posting the highest debut for an original horror movie of all-time.Lupita Nyong'o explains how she prepped her voice for dual roles in Us. In Jordan Peele’s new horror film, she portrays one of "The Tethered."Paramount releases the first trailer for Dora and the Lost City of Gold, a film adaptation of the kids TV series starring Isabela Moner as the lead.Netflix's historical drama The Last Kingdom doesn't shy away from death — in fact, a lot of the major characters have gone out in ghastly ways.Zack Snyder held a screening for the director's cut of Watchmen and fielded some questions from fans afterward, including a nod to the Snyder Cut.Gotham revealed a big twist this week, bringing in a new character from the comics and showing yet more influence from Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises.Captain Marvel's ending may well explain why Thanos sent Loki to invade Earth in The Avengers, losing the Mind Stone in the process.Star Trek: Discovery perfectly homaged Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan and the prequel series also planted the seed for Spock's future sacrifice.Wolverine's healing factor makes him the toughest X-Men hero, but science is close to letting humans unlock that superpower (seriously).Atlus made waves after it aired its first episode of the Persona 5 anime by dropping a Persona 5 The Royal trailer, alluding to a new spinoff title.The popular post-apocalyptic mecha anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion, and its two films, gets their June 2019 premiere date for Netflix.Legendary comic book writer Jonathan Hickman is taking charge of the X-Men franchise - and that means Marvel has big plans for the mutants.Parks and Rec spawned multiple pop culture sensations over its run, and we've got the best of them right here. The reviews are finally out for Warner Bros. and DC's Shazam!, and fans of the comics will be happy to know that the film is a major success.Shazam! is a wildly fun superhero adventure, with plenty of humor and heart, but struggles at times to strike a good balance between levity and drama.Game of Thrones ends this year with season 8, but not matter how epic the finale is, it will have a hard time topping season 4 as the series' best.The FFXIV Shadowbringers Fanfest update shows that the team has been hard at work: they've announced a new playable race, a new job and more.Joffrey Lannister was one of the most hated characters on Game of Thrones, but the show definitely changed some things about him.Director Danny Boyle has revealed the reason why he is no longer helming the upcoming 25th installment of the James Bond franchise.The Avengers: Endgame trailers can be pieced together to build a rough timeline of when each scene takes place (with the help of Black Widow's hair).Disney seem to be committed to continuing Deadpool's movie franchise and keeping him R-rated. But how will those plans fit with the MCU?Agents of SHIELD star Clark Gregg thinks the show is better off when distanced from the MCU's movies - does he have a point?
Disney seem to be committed to continuing Deadpool's movie franchise and keeping him R-rated. But how will those plans fit with the MCU?Atlus made waves after it aired its first episode of the Persona 5 anime by dropping a Persona 5 The Royal trailer, alluding to a new spinoff title.The popular post-apocalyptic mecha anime series Neon Genesis Evangelion, and its two films, gets their June 2019 premiere date for Netflix.Legendary comic book writer Jonathan Hickman is taking charge of the X-Men franchise - and that means Marvel has big plans for the mutants.Will Smith is partnering with fundraising platform Omaze to offer a once in a lifetime chance to spend the day with him on the set of Bad Boys 3.Azor Ahai is said to be the one to save Westeros from the Night King - but who will be the legendary figure?Shazam! is a wildly fun superhero adventure, with plenty of humor and heart, but struggles at times to strike a good balance between levity and drama.Game of Thrones ends this year with season 8, but not matter how epic the finale is, it will have a hard time topping season 4 as the series' best.The FFXIV Shadowbringers Fanfest update shows that the team has been hard at work: they've announced a new playable race, a new job and more.The OA season 3 hasn't been officially announced by Netflix yet, but with 5 seasons planned, it's likely to come eventually. Here's what to expect.Netflix's historical drama The Last Kingdom doesn't shy away from death — in fact, a lot of the major characters have gone out in ghastly ways.The Avengers: Endgame trailers can be pieced together to build a rough timeline of when each scene takes place (with the help of Black Widow's hair).Disney seem to be committed to continuing Deadpool's movie franchise and keeping him R-rated. But how will those plans fit with the MCU?Agents of SHIELD star Clark Gregg thinks the show is better off when distanced from the MCU's movies - does he have a point?Idris Elba joins the cast of Fox's Mouse Guard comic book movie adaptation. Andy Serkis and Thomas Brodie-Sangster are also starring in the film.Paramount reportedly wants to cut a provocative scene from the new biopic Rocketman, but director Dexter Fletcher has debunked the rumors on Twitter.Composer Junkie XL will score the upcoming franchise film Terminator: Dark Fate. The project reunites the musician with Deadpool director Tim Miller.The latest episode of Doom Patrol - "Doom Patrol Patrol" - contains a parody of X-Men that is doubly funny to fans of comic book history.The overarching plot of The Flash season 5 took some stunning twists and turns in the latest episode - here are the key questions it raised.Parks and Rec spawned multiple pop culture sensations over its run, and we've got the best of them right here. AMC's Into the Badlands is ending after season 3, and the show's cancelation seems to be the result of declining ratings and a loss of interest.Netflix will produce To All the Boys I've Loved Before 2 with a new director. Lana Condor and Noah Centineo will reprise their main roles.We interview Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige about why the time is right for Captain Marvel and the MCU's exciting future in Phase 4.Exclusive: Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige reveals that they have yet to change their movie schedule because of box office results.Joffrey Lannister was one of the most hated characters on Game of Thrones, but the show definitely changed some things about him.Wonder Woman 1984 producer Charles Roven provides a candid explanation why the Patty Jenkins and Gal Gadot sequel was pushed to summer of 2020.Us is an innovative new horror movie from Jordan Peele, but if you're a hardcore fan of The Simpsons, you can spot the ending coming a mile away.It’s official: The Walt Disney Company now owns 21st Century Fox and its many assets. Here’s what they own and what it means for Hollywood.Star Wars is getting its first live-action TV series in the form of The Mandalorian. Here's everything we know about Jon Favreau's TV show so far.
Captain Marvel explained why Nick Fury chose the name Avenger, but the moment may have also teased a future all-Asian superhero MCU team.Forget the hefty price tag; Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 is going to have a free version released in the West on the PlayStation and the Xbox today.The Order season 1's ending sets the stage for an even bigger season 2 on Netflix. Here's everything we know about The Order season 2.Voice actor, Joey Camen, has deleted old racist and transphobic videos from his personal YouTube channel after Devil May Cry 5 fans found them.Stranger Things season 3 returns to the 1980s, but the trailer's song is straight out of 1971. Why such an upside-down choice?Netflix's historical drama The Last Kingdom doesn't shy away from death — in fact, a lot of the major characters have gone out in ghastly ways.Us manages to be funny, freaky, and thrilling all at once, and marks another step forward in Peele's evolving sense of storytelling and craftsmanship.Robert Pattinson will reportedly star in Christopher Nolan’s next project. Since Twilight, the English actor has mostly appeared in smaller films.Warner Bros. and DC Films have scheduled the Shazam! review embargo for this Saturday, which is the earliest embargo date for a DCEU movie.Sony releases the first trailer for Quentin Tarantino's Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, teasing the fan favorite auteur's latest period piece.Warner Bros. sets a release date for the home video release of The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part and gives fans a list of the movie's bonus features.The CW's The Flash hit a series low in terms of ratings last week, with the 16th episode of season 5, titled 'Failure is an Orphan'.Captain Marvel explained why Nick Fury chose the name Avenger, but the moment may have also teased a future all-Asian superhero MCU team.The Wolverine is back in Marvel's comic universe, but his best special move is making a return without him - thanks to Honey Badger?Parks and Rec spawned multiple pop culture sensations over its run, and we've got the best of them right here. Disney has successfully rebooted Star Wars, and they're not stopping anytime soon. Here are all the upcoming Star Wars movies in development.Simpsons showrunner Al Jean celebrated the conclusion of Disney's purchase of Fox's film and TV assets with an image of Homer strangling Mickey Mouse.Jordan Peele's Us is already surpassing the advance movie ticket sales of his previous Oscar winning film, Get Out, as well as A Quiet Place.Former Angel star David Boreanaz is dropping hints that there's something in the works for the show's upcoming 20th anniversary this fall.Joffrey Lannister was one of the most hated characters on Game of Thrones, but the show definitely changed some things about him.With Shadowbringers close, Square Enix has announced FFXIV Patch 4.56 to conclude the Stormblood MSQ, alongside new beast tribe and HIldibrand quests.Game of Thrones star Kit Harington says he's satisfied with how Jon Snow's story ends, without revealing his character's ultimate fate.Thor: The Dark World actor Chris O’Dowd joins Get Out director Jordan Peele's star-studded cast for CBS All Access' Twilight Zone revival.Grand Theft Auto V has taken over Twitch's streaming numbers, routinely sitting at one of the top 3 most played titles over the past week.We've seen some formidable weapons in Game of Thrones, but there are even stronger ones described within the pages of the books.New character-specific teaser videos for John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum confirm that a trailer for the action sequel is coming on Thursday.We interview Triple Threat star Scott Adkins about his role in the new action movie and getting to fight Jean-Claude Van Damme onscreen.Ubisoft's latest loot shooter is packed with cool guns for your Agent needs. Our Division 2 exotic weapons guide shows you how to get them all. Captain Marvel provides clues about the future of the MCU but it also explains why Ant-Man will have a major role in Avengers: Endgame.
The Disney-Fox deal is now complete and gives the MCU Fantastic Four, X-Men, and maybe Deadpool. Here's what it means for the future of the franchise.HBO releases the first teaser trailer for Deadwood: The Movie, which confirms that the long-awaited TV film will premiere at the end of May.The alter-egos of the Marvel and DC superheroes Spider-Man and Batman are included on a list recognizing and celebrating White House interns.While it's not unusual for Marvel and DC Comics to reference one another, both The Flash and Arrow made references to Spider-Man this week.
The new trailer for John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum contains a sly Easter egg to Keanu Reeves' famous role as Neo in The Matrix.Amazon's Dark Tower TV show casts Sam Strike and Jasper Pääkkönen in the Stephen King adaptation as the Gunslinger and Man in Black, respectively.Star Wars creator George Lucas said as early as 1977 that he always intended for the Star Wars universe to include female stormtroopers.Paramount Network sets the Yellowstone season 2 premiere date for June 2019; the series stars Kevin Costner and was co-created by Taylor Sheridan.MLB The Show is a license with universal appeal, but it sounds as if the franchise will remain locked to PlayStation consoles for the time being.Charles Boyle from Brooklyn Nine-Nine (played by Joe Lo Truglio) is adorable, in a sort of pathetic sense. This list will make you laugh and cringe.Toy Story 4's full-length trailer features an appearance by Tinny, making the character and his Pixar short, Tin Toy, canon to the Toy Story universe.A new Avengers: Endgame TV spot doesn't reveal any new footage, but does include more dialogue from Captain America's rallying speech. Patricia Highsmith’s murderous conman is headed to television in a new Talented Mr. Ripley series that’s written and directed by Steve Zaillian.Quantic Dream's three games, previously only available for PlayStation, will finally arrive on PC exclusively via the Epic Games Store.Find out which characters are confirmed and which are rumors in the DCEU's newest movie Shazam!A new Avengers: Endgame tie-in Funko Pop! two-pack teases a rematch between Thanos and the Hulk after their battle in Avengers: Infinity War.The newest trailer for John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum tease more intense action as John prepares for his personal war against the underworld.In a sign that Netflix is embracing more original content, Netflix original TV shows and movies outnumbered acquired TV shows and movies in 2018.Lionsgate releases a set of new Hellboy posters that highlight the reboot's various monsters and nod to the movie's comic book influences.Later this year, Trine 4: The Nightmare Prince brings back the classic 2.5D gameplay. This time, though, up to four friends can work together. How does Jordan Peele's second film, Us, differ from his first, Get Out? Here's what the new horror movie adds (spoiler-free).The Walking Dead is currently focused on the Whisperers but the series might be providing clues that the Commonwealth will be introduced in season 10.The creator of successful YouTube series, Fantastic Adventures, has been charged with child abuse and neglect of her seven adopted children. Even in the much improved season 2, Star Trek: Discovery can't quite bring itself to tackle the big questions about the Federation's moral compass.Of all the alternative Earth versions of Harrison Wells that exist in The Flash, which is the best?Bohemian Rhapsody film editor John Ottman explains how the film's widely-mocked and horribly edited meeting scene came to be. Marvel star Robert Downey Jr. challenges his Avengers: Endgame co-stars Chris Evans and Mark Ruffalo to the battle for the best MCU mustache.The Disney-Fox deal is now complete and gives the MCU Fantastic Four, X-Men, and maybe Deadpool. Here's what it means for the future of the franchise.Production on Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 reportedly won't begin until 2021, which means a theatrical release isn't coming until after that.
It's being widely reported that 20th Century Fox has purchased the rights to Dr. Seuss' "Horton Hears a Who". After the not-so-great box office of the recent Mike Meyers vehicle The Cat in the Hat the word is that the studio has decided to go the CGI animation route for this film.Hey Fox, here's a tip: Keep a Dr Seuss story kid-friendly and maybe you'll sell more tickets. Of course I realize you won't be able to bring yourselves to rate it G, and the PG rating will be due to the fact that you will somehow find a way to include some vague sexual innuendo, questionable language, and no doubt, toilet humour.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With casting for the JLA film rumored to be well under way, news has leaked to suggest the superhero team will be graced with the presence of a Green Lantern - contrary to reports from a few days ago - but that the character will likely be John Stewart. While not officially confirmed, the report derives from casting information in which one black actor is called for, among primarily caucasian males. So, the question is, is this good or bad news? Is a third-tier, supporting Lantern better than no Lantern at all? Could Stewart be the rumored team member to die by the film's finale, leading to a juicier stand-alone Green Lantern film in the future? For once, I'm open to almost anything.Equal to Iron Man and more than any other superhero property, I've been dreaming of big screen Green Lantern for years. As rumors came and went regarding a Jack Black comedy, typing 'greenlanternmovie.com' continued to link to the Warner Bros. website and a one-on-one discussion with Geoff Johns gave me hope that a Hal Jordan-Parallax-Kyle Rayner trilogy may have been tossed around, there was always this sense that the character was to remain in development hell for eternity. Even worse, I feared the classic story of Hal Jordan would be disregarded in place of John Stewart who - in my eyes - simply isn't that interesting. Sure, he has the destruction of an entire planet on his conscience... but he'll just never rise above being a supporting character for me.Having said that, perhaps Stewart's possible inclusion in an ensemble is a blessing in disguise. It allows the studio to do a test run on the Green Lantern mythology but needn't blemish the potential for a full-blown feature film - one which I see as Top Gun meets Superman but with some of the coolest effects ever put to film. With Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman vying for screen time - not to mention the comedic appeal of The Flash - it's a safe bet Green Lantern would be sidelined to some extent anyway, so maybe it's best we don't care and just revel in the eye candy.Either way, I'm just glad a GL may appear on screen. Following news the JLA would comprise of just five heroes - the core three plus The Flash and Aquaman - I'd almost take Guy Gardner at this stage. Besides, who needs Aquaman? Seriously...?Source: ComicBookMovie.com
Tags:
green lantern
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Short Version: There are already so many great adaptions of the classic Dickens story - this one adds nothing but CGI and gimmicky 3D effects.Screen Rant reviews A Christmas CarolA Christmas Carol is one of my all time favorite Christmas stories. Maybe because most of the year I feel like a somewhat cranky Ebenezer Scrooge but once Thanksgiving is over my mood lightens over the spirit of the upcoming holiday. It seems that every few years someone feels the need to do an update on the classic tale, and sometimes it works. Heck there have certainly been a lot of versions over the years (over two dozen on TV and in movies according to IMDB), and I've enjoyed many of those myself.This time director Robert Zemeckis (who seems intent upon never making another live action film as long as he lives) brings us another 3D, IMAX, CGI motion-capture extravaganza. If the number of buzzwords there don't tell you what this film is really about, then I can't help you.The movie stars Jim Carrey in a variety of roles, most notably old Scrooge himself. The Scrooge character, with it's caricature-like features is actually the most effective one in the film (thankfully, since he's the lead). Carrey also plays the three ghosts that come to haunt Ebenezer as well as Scrooge at younger ages. We also have Gary Oldman playing primarily Bob Cratchit and Bob Hoskins (briefly) playing Scrooge's old boss Mr. Fezziwig. I mention these two in particular because someone made the decision to make the characters look very similar to the actors portraying them. I don't know what effect they were going for, but I can tell you what the result was: Creepy.It was just bizarre watching a CGI character that looked so much like Oldman, but not - with the only semi-human animatronic look that defines the "uncanny valley" (the very subtle things that aren't right in attempted photo-real computer animated portrayal of humans). Most of the characters suffered from the same thing - it was like watching an animatronic display at Disneyland.On the other hand there were glimpses of amazingly realistic people in the film - but these were always at a distance. There was one scene where I wanted to believe that they inserted a live actress into the film just as an "Easter Egg." I respect Zemeckis for what he's doing, I really do - he's trying to push the frontier when it comes to people rendered as CGI. Problem is you have to get it PERFECT, otherwise your brain just kind of short-circuits looking at this "almost-real" person on the screen. This is why most CGI animated films use caricatures of humans - it's easier for the mind to accept. By making blue-skinned, overly tall aliens with odd facial features I think James Cameron will get around this in Avatar.And speaking of the upcoming 3D Cameron-helmed extravaganza, A Christmas Carol is in 3D. I've said many times before that I'm a fan of of 3D cinema, but not when it's used as a gimmick. Overall I really enjoyed the 3D look of the film but there was one sequence that was stuck into the film that just didn't belong and was there only for the sake of showing off the roller coaster effects and exaggerated 3D in the film. It was at least a five minute sequence and I was mentally tapping my fingers waiting for it to be over so we could get back to the story. Side note: There seemed to be a little tribute to the "tiny Ash" scene from Army of Darkness. :)So what did I like? The story, of course, but they don't get credit for that. I did enjoy the opening scene, which was very effective in showing just HOW miserly and feared Scrooge was. On the flip side, I also really enjoyed the "post-mean" ending of the film - it really gave us more time with the repentant Ebenezer than I've seen in any version to date.Besides what I've mentioned, what I didn't like was that the film was all over the spectrum in terms of tone - sometimes it was goofy-funny, and at other times had scenes that I think will scare the heck out of little kids. When his doorknob comes to life, that's a heck of a scare and Marley's jaw coming loose was worthy of a horror movie IMHO. Of course then they put a little "ha ha" moment on the end of that one, but by then your kids has had the poop scared out of them. Oh, and I have to mention the ghost of Christmas past - one of the most unexplainedly ridiculous characters I've ever seen on screen. Then again, maybe it's me, some people were laughing at it, but frankly I was perplexed by the point of what is was doing and thought it was just plain stupid.No doubt there will be comments below wittily calling me a Scrooge, but you're too late, I did that in the opening paragraph. :) But seriously, as I said, I love this story - and I wish that Zemeckis had left the CGI behind and made it a live action film based on the classic tale.
Tags:
3 star movies,
a christmas carol
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
How would you like to attend an official Cloverfield movie party? If you're within traveling distance of New York City on January 17th (the day before the movie opens on 1-18-08), you can RSVP to for a chance to receive an invite.Here are the details...Cloverfield and Myspace are throwing a surprise party for Rob in New York City!Join us next Thursday night, January 17th for a send off for our buddy Rob, he’s moving to Japan! There will be drinks, dancing, and tons of cool people. It will be a party to remember!We're randomly picking 200 people who RSVP to join us for a big Cloverfield celebration in the Lower East Side. It’s going to be a blast!RSVP to robsparty@cloverfieldmovie.com - make sure to include your FULL NAME and a PHONE NUMBER that we can reach you at. We will let you know if you have been chosen via telephone.RSVP before Thursday night January 10th at midnight- we're picking winners this Friday!And here's what the invitation looks like:Here is the MySpace Cloverfield page.I RSVP'd, but unfortunately I'd have to jump on a plane to make it to the party.Cloverfield opens on Friday, 1-18-08.
Tags:
cloverfield
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A Cure For Wellness is the sort of film they don’t make anymore.Now when people usually say “they don’t them like that anymore”, they’re usually referring back to the 1970s and New Hollywood. This was when a new wave of filmmakers – Steven Spielberg, Francis Ford Coppola, Roman Polanski et al - brought up on cinema experimented with film as a medium and its conventions to industry-altering effect; their movies were less about the story itself than how that story was told. A typically modern parallel is Hell or High Water, the tense, tight, Best Picture-nominated thriller that wouldn’t feel out of place on a marquee alongside Chinatown or Rocky. Some using the phrase may reach further back to the Golden Age of Hollywood and its grand studio films – for a perfect example, see La La Land and its relenting homage/update of the musical – but in general the point is that “not making movies like this anymore” refers to feeling like a time long in the past.Of course, what makes the phrase a bit hollow is that there are innumerable examples for whatever era you’re choosing. A Cure for Wellness is different because it literally is the product a filmmaking ideology that hasn’t been popularized since the 1990s; it’s a mid-range budget studio film made with uncompromising vision by a focused auteur.This is a production point more than a style or quality one. Indeed, the film itself could be very easily labeled as derivative; the story of Dane DeHaan visiting a century-old spa at the foot of the Swiss Alps is a grab-bag of references, with shades of Shutter Island, The Shining and Sucker Punch in its descent into madness, and all-out Argento in its hammered-home ending. Despite that, though, it’s a creepy, chilling movie that offers up a lot the discuss.Explaining what the film is and feels like to watch is important because, based on ticket sales, you haven’t seen it. A Cure for Wellness is a box office bomb, in its opening weekend making only $5 million back on a $40 million budget. Going by the common wisdom that a film needs to make double its production budget to account for marketing and other costs, it’s a long way off even breaking even.Make no mistake, this is a big deal. In fact, it's a disaster, one that will have major repercussions not just for director Gore Verbinski’s career, but possibly the entire studio system going forward.A Cure for Wellness’ budget has been described with regularity as “big”, with many critics going as far as saying it's a daring move for a studio - something that’s frankly ridiculous. That 20th Century Fox sinking $40 million into a movie released the same week Disney started production on a massive, two-part Avengers 3 set to cost upwards of $500 million is even worth remarking at shows just how far away we are from the creative boom of the 1990s.Let’s just look at the numbers for what are probably your favourite movies of that decade: Seven cost $33 million ($52 million adjusted); Fight Club cost $63 million ($91 million adjusted); The Matrix pretty much the exact same; The Sixth Sense $40 million ($58 million adjusted); The Shawshank Redemption $25 million ($40 million adjusted). There were many classic movies made for less – The Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, American Beauty – and of course many made for a lot more – Disney’s renaissance output, Independence Day, Jurassic Park – but what are regarded as the decade's best, most revolutionary pictures were the product of a mid-range budget and a talented director.That was how the film industry had worked since the end of New Hollywood. The Jaws and Star Wars double-tap (along with the failure of massive movies like Heaven’s Gate) killed that creative wave and led to a greater focus on bigger budget movies, but Hollywood was still generally built to cater to a wide range of audiences with a wide range of financial and creative inputs. Things changed in the late-1990s/early-2000s, with a run of near-crippling bombs (just go back and look at Warner Bros. 1997 slate and not weep) leading to the rise of the multimedia brand.The biggest shift in reaction to this has been the proliferation of franchises to the point where the only way to make a movie with a budget of $100+ million is to have it be a part of a bigger series or based on something with a proven fanbase. Literally the only major exception to this is Christopher Nolan, a brand unto himself; his big 2017 movie is Dunkirk, a war epic that probably cost more than a small country's GDP set to be released in the middle of blockbuster season - and it'll be a smash hit. Nobody else can do that – the closest comparisons are Peter Jackson and James Cameron, but their output is irregular. Everybody else working today has to play by the rules; James Gunn may be beloved for his style and behind one of the biggest surprise hits of recent years, but if his next film didn’t feature Star-Lord, Groot and Rocket (as well as the Marvel logo) he’d be lucky to command a tenth of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2’s $200 million budget.The politics of modern tentpole filmmaking are so convoluted they’d really need a whole article for themselves to even scratch the surface, but it’s the other change a budget rung down that we’re concerned with.Whereas blockbusters have evolved, the movies we talked about earlier simply don’t get made. At all. Instead, the sub-100 million category is dominated by films that would once be a studio's top line – the big budget explosion fests based on original ideas – while indie producers have taken the lower cream of the crop. The rest of them just don’t exist; they're simply not safe enough investments in the modern landscape, with rising cinema prices and ever-improving home options having audiences saving their money for only the biggest of releases.Pretty much the only people who get to make those sort of films nowadays are David Fincher, Quentin Tarantino and handful of other long-standing big names who offset a project being an unknown property (and even they don't command Nolan money). Occasionally a Gunn or a Zack Snyder will be gifted a “massive” budget of $50 million on a passion project, but that’s usually as a reward for a previous tentpole and they’ll invariably go back to franchises after. One for me, one for them (this is how Nolan first grew himself, but he is a savvy businessman and one failure can set you back).It’s not just the filmmakers getting work (Steven Spielberg’s Lincoln almost went to HBO and Martin Scorsese struggled for decades to make Silence) that's the problem; as a result of this, a whole type of movie has disappeared. The 1990s classics cited above were all dark, unsettling, unique stories given R-ratings that delved deep into the human psyche through creative use of the genre and provided intense talking points that see them still remain relevant to this day. They bended the knee to no one and while in some cases there was studio blowback – New Line wanted to give Seven a tamer ending – the stance of a filmmaker as the auteur still had enough clout to carry through their vision. That's a rarity in 2017 and so the bottom's fallen out.Of course, these stories are still being told, just not in the cinema. It’s absolutely no coincidence that “The Golden Age of Television” blew up around the same time these movies left the cinema. At first it was just offering audiences new stories, but as we’ve moved into Peak TV the very directors and actors who would gravitate to these films have now moved into series. Fargo, The People vs O.J Simpson, Legion, The Americans and many shows that aren't on FX; it’s not a novel observation anymore, but these are the sort of things that would have played in a multiplex a couple of decades ago. The reason for the shift is again an article for itself, but it ultimately falls down to the creative enablement of certain networks in contrast to big studios.The only exception (and this is so much an exception it needs underlining) is the Oscar movies. Around the same time big movies were homogenizing and these mid-range films were disappearing, the "Oscar bait" industry grew (mainly The Weinstein Company, but others quickly got in on the act). Compared to films in the 1990s and earlier, this new range of awards movies don’t operate like regular movies – they’re made with Oscar glory 100% in mind - and thus the way they're financed is different. This year’s set is a damn good one, but they all fit the mold. The biggest outlier is Arrival (costing $47 million), but that comes from a director gaining notoriety in a proven awards sub-genre. Next rung films Hacksaw Ridge ($40 million) and La La Land ($30 million) were clearly going to be favourites of the season and thus could be expected to offset their budgets – and it’s worth pointing out both cost considerably less than counterparts fifteen years ago (We Were Soldiers was made for $75 million, Chicago for $45 million).Some smart producers are adapting to fill this gap. After ramming Paranormal Activity down people’s throats for far too long, Jason Blum has turned his Blumhouse into a low-budget factory that gifts talented filmmakers the tools to make films akin to the 1990s thriller peak without breaking the bank: The Gift, Hush, Split. He’s the guy who gave Damien Chazelle the chance to make Whiplash, allowed Mike Flannigan to transform Ouija: Origin of Evil into one of 2016’s biggest surprises and helped Jordan Peele to produce Get Out. But each one of these films cost below $5 million - that’s playing against a stacked deck and while it leads to interesting films, it doesn’t address the bigger industry problem.So why is A Cure For Wellness the lynchpin of this? Well, because it is one of those rare mid-range budget studio movies. At $40 million it’s actually on the smaller side, but to have the Fox logo play in one of its own productions without five other studios following it and not fade out with an “X” is a pretty big deal. Even more so in a movie that doesn’t have a safe green-light “in”. It wasn’t an Oscar movie. It wasn’t a tentpole. It wasn’t a VOD release getting shown in a few cinemas. It was just a movie; a movie from someone who really wanted to make something out-there and was lucky enough to be able to do just that. It isn’t the best movie – neither is Gore Verbinski the best filmmaker – but there’s something delightfully uncompromised about the film that simply isn’t seen enough of anymore.That it was made at all is rather surprising. Verbinski emerged from the 1990s mid-range boom with MouseHunt and The Mexican, but didn’t find praise until he moved bigger with The Ring remake. One Pirates of the Caribbean trilogy later and he was a proven box office maestro. This allowed him to make the brilliantly bizarre Rango and, after The Lone Ranger, A Cure For Wellness. What’s important is that Pirates, Rango and Wellness all come from different studios; there’s no “one for me, one for you” in place - Paramount (Rango) and Fox (Wellness) simply believed in his vision enough to back it. That he’s got Pirates on his resume no doubt helps, but that’s some real faith in a director of mixed ability.That it bombed is much less surprising and its results painfully predictable; it'll lead to Verbinski doing something safe - another Jerry Bruckheimer blockbuster with Johnny Depp or a reboot of some franchise - and, more importantly, make studios think that people don't want weird, challenging horror-thriller movies in general. The message of A Cure for Wellness will be taken to be that betting a mid-range budget on talent alone isn't worth it and that they should just stop making films like that - if one thing about Hollywood can be said we certainty it's that they learn big lessons from mistakes and refuse to look back.The future is thus for things to continue on the same track. Two weeks after Wellness, Fox are releasing a film that cost only $20 million more yet with increase box office receipts twenty-fold: Logan. Wolverine 3 takes the baton from Deadpool in showing that big franchise entries needn’t be of the $250 million variety to be big hits. If anything, the fact Deadpool beat Batman v Superman domestically and Logan is set to eclipse The Wolverine shows that the creativity it affords is better received. But while better movies is something that should never be sniffed at, if this trend becomes widespread it further muscles out the scant original properties, with an even smaller budget range for movies that aren’t hoping for mainstream blockbuster status or Oscars.-In truth, A Cure For Wellness is just a "good" film - while it's got an excellent sense of feel and some involved performances, its length leads to randomness and the final fifteen minutes is over-explanatory. But the level of intense creativity it brings to the table eclipses some studio's entire slate. It'll likely do very well when it arrives on Netflix and has enough gross-out bizarreness to become a fully-fledged cult hit, but it's the sort of thing that needs to do well at the box office to really have a concerted impact.So rather than saving your money to go see a sequel to a film you only partially liked because you know the brand, why not have a punt on this? You'll get a unique cinemagoing experience and definitely have something to talk about after.Next: A Cure For Wellness’ Ending Explained
Tags:
a cure for wellness
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Gore Verbinski hasn't made a film since The Lone Ranger in 2013. Despite that movie's critical and financial shortcomings, it maintained the distinct style of its director, who developed a reputation for certain whimsical visual flourishes with the 1997 Nathan Lane film Mousehunt, and then, later with his 2002 adaptation of the Japanese horror film The Ring. That film demonstrated Verbinksi's knack for bringing his stylish sensibilities to horror, turning what could have been another bland American remake of a foreign hit into a well-regarded adaptation with ideas of its own.Since then, the director rose to fame with the enormous blockbuster that was the first three installments in the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise, the success of which likely made the idea of his re-teaming with Johnny Depp for the aforementioned Lone Ranger seem like a goldmine waiting to happen. That wasn't the case, and while the setback put Verbinski out of the directing game for a few years, he's back with the creepy looking A Cure For Wellness, which takes the idea of balancing the body and the mind through alternative means to a truly bizarre and frightening interpretation of the word "alternative".Set in a twisted nightmare version of something like the spa at the center of Paolo Sorrentino's Youth, Verbinski's next film blends some lush visuals with a trippy story of an ambitious young executive played by Dane DeHaan, who is tasked with retrieving his company's CEO from a mysterious wellness center located in the Swiss Alps. There, DaHaan's Lockhart encounters a doctor played by Jason Isaacs – who along with his role in Netflix's The OA is on the verge giving members of the medical community a seriously bad rap in terms of the ethical treatment of their patients.The second trailer for the film established more of the plot, making it less like The Road to Wellville mixed with visual elements from Bioshock. Uncovering the edges of the narrative has its drawbacks, though, as the circumstances of Lockhart's experience at the wellness center and the hints of what's being done to the guests there tend to pull back the curtain on the dreamlike images that populated the teaser trailer. That sort of lucidity places the film in a curious place, as it suggests a more conventional kind of thriller than the bizarre horror the first look seemed to suggest.Though short, this new spot delivers a more distinctly creepy vibe than its longer, more story-based predecessor. For one thing, the spot delivers a better look at what Lockhart endures during his time at the Swiss spa. And while it was already pretty well established that he got anything but some much-needed rest, it looks like he's poised to undergo some painful procedures as well.Next: A Cure for Wellness Trailer #2: Gore Verbinski’s Stylish Return to HorrorSource: 20th Century Fox
Tags:
super bowl,
a cure for wellness
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Though best known for helming the first three films of the blockbuster Pirates of the Caribbean franchise, Gore Verbinski arguably made his first big mark directing The Ring (2002), which paved the way for subsequent Japanese-to-American horror flicks like The Grudge and Dark Water. Verbinski was praised for his ability to lead a dark, disturbing storyline without relying too heavily on gore, and the film is still regarded as one of the most chilling flicks to hit the 2000s.Now, over a decade after The Ring haunted screens, Verbinski will make his long-awaited return to horror with A Cure for Wellness, a psychological thriller due out Feb. 17. Dane DeHaan (The Amazing Spider-Man 2) stars as a young executive sent to retrieve his boss from a seemingly idyllic wellness center in the Swiss Alps, where he soon discovers something much more sinister at play. Also appearing are Mia Goth (Nymphomanic Vol. II), Jason Isaacs (Harry Potter), Adrian Schiller (The Danish Girl), and Celia Amrie (Bridget Jones’s Baby).The first trailer for the film arrived in late October, and now an international trailer has popped up online. The second glimpse is shorter but more heart-pounding, featuring Goth bathing in a tub of what appear to be eels or snakes as an eerie, drawn out lullaby plays on. It then whips through a whirlwind of hair-raising images, including a room of floating bodies, a strange, antlered creature, a blazing fire, and another pool of eels.It doesn’t offer much in the way of concrete details, but paired with the initial trailer, the plot begins to come together. It seems to combine the popular horror settings of hospitals and mental asylums, in the way that the wellness center is both a medical-like hub and a place where people are seemingly kept against their will—or at the very least under the assumption that they need to be there for their own good. As the synopsis teases, DeHaan’s character, Mr. Lockhart, “finds himself diagnosed with the same curious illness that keeps all the guests there longing for the cure.”A Cure For Wellness also appears to take inspiration from the BioShock adaptation Verbinski was plotting back in 2008. He was never able to get it off the ground, but there’s a parallel to be made between the game’s underwater utopia and genetic experimentation—two concepts hinted at in the Cure for Wellness trailer. Whether there’s some carryover or not, A Cure for Wellness looks like an amalgamation of classic horror tropes and dystopian terror, which sounds both fresh and thrilling. Here’s to hoping Verbinski can recreate the magic that made The Ring so spine-chilling.Source: 20th Century Fox
Tags:
a cure for wellness
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
UPDATE: An investigation by American Humane, which oversees animal safety in Hollywood, has determined that the leaked video "mischaracterized" production, and that “no animals were harmed in those scenes and numerous preventative safety measures were in place.” [The original story follows]If the legacies of poor slain animals Cecil the lion and Harambe the gorilla have demonstrated anything, it's that people feel very, very strongly about animals being injured or killed, and this has long been an issue in Hollywood. The film industry has come a long way since dozens of horses were killed in the making of 1959's Ben-Hur, but periodically a fresh scandal crops up as a reminder that not all is well when it comes to Hollywood's animal performers.The latest production to be hit with such a scandal is A Dog's Purpose, a light-hearted family fantasy film based on the book of the same name by W. Bruce Cameron, which chronicles the life as a dog as it goes through several reincarnations and lives with various human owners. The film was directed by  Lasse Hallström (Dear John) and features the voice of Josh Gad (Frozen) as the dog.Earlier today, TMZ unveiled disturbing footage secretly filmed on the set of A Dog's Purpose in Winnipeg, Canada in November 2015. The video shows a trainer attempting to push a frightened German Shepherd into a pool of churning water, for a scene in which the dog rescues a child from drowning in a river. In the next piece of footage, the dog can be seen forced up against the edge of the pool by the flow of water as the trainers call out to it. The dog is then submerged completely and the scene appears to become panicked, with the trainers swimming over to the dog and a crew member yelling, "Cut it! Cut it! Cut it!"TMZ reports:"Sources connected to production tell us 8 outboard motors were used to churn the water and recreate a rushing river. The dog eventually got in the water - or was forced in - but was quickly submerged... We're told director Lasse Hallström was present the whole time, and at least one member of the crew was extremely disturbed by the dog's treatment during this scene."Amblin Partners and Universal Pictures responded to the release of the footage with the following statement:"Fostering a safe environment and ensuring the ethical treatment of our animal actors was of the utmost importance to those involved in making this film and we will look into the circumstances surrounding this video."Meanwhile, TMZ also reports that the American Humane Association - the organization responsible for the No Animals Were Harmed program - was on set and was therefore responsible for ensuring that animal performers were handled safely and humanely. In response to the video, the AHA has suspended the representative who was present on the set of A Dog's Purpose that day, and released the following statement:"We are placing the safety representative who was on the set on administrative leave immediately and are bringing in an independent third party to conduct an investigation into this matter."The studio will no doubt attempt damage control, but it's unlikely that the movie will recover from this PR disaster, especially so close to its release on January 27th. If nothing else, at least this may serve as a cautionary tale for Hollywood when it comes to the treatment of animal performers.We'll keep you updated on this story as more information becomes available.Source: TMZ 
Tags:
a dogs purpose
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
UPDATE: An investigation by American Humane, which oversees animal safety in Hollywood, has determined that the leaked video "mischaracterized" production, and that “no animals were harmed in those scenes and numerous preventative safety measures were in place.” [The original story follows]The film A Dog's Purpose has suddenly gone from being a children's novel adaptation that wasn't generating much in the way of media attention, to finding itself at the center of a very public controversy. The controversy stems from a leaked video from the film's set, showing a dog being forced against its will into rushing water and its handlers running to save it after it goes under the water. PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) has already called for a boycott of the movie when it hits theaters.The irony of this kind of mistreatment happening on A Dog's Purpose is clear. Based on the novel of the same name by W. Bruce Cameron, the film follows the many lives and owners of a dog finding his purpose after re-incarnating. The book and film are meant to be uplifting, focusing on the relationships humans and dogs share. The story involves some abuse and neglect suffered by the dog in a few lives, and the humans who rescue and care for it.Actor Josh Gad (Frozen), who voices the dog during its various lives in A Dog's Purpose, has released an official statement through his Twitter account in response to the video leak:"A few months ago, I was approached to lend my voice to the film A Dog's Purpose. As I sat in a dark screening room, I was beyond touched and moved by what I saw...a movie that captures the beauty and pain of loving a pet. I signed on for a film that truly stands out as one of the most beautiful love letters to animals I have ever seen. Today, however, I saw a disturbing video that appears to show a scared German Shepherd being forced to perform a stunt on the set of this film. While I do not know all the details and cannot speak to the level of care and caution that went into this moment, as I was never on set for the making of this film, I am shaken and sad to see any animal put in a situation against its will. As a proud dog owner and a fervent supporter of organizations like PETA, I have reached out to the production team and studio to ask for an explanation."A Dog's Purpose director Lasse Hallström has also spoken about the video, in a series of tweets that we've pieced together here:I did not witness these actions. We were all committed to providing a loving and safe environment for all the animals in the film. I have been promised that a thorough investigation into this situation is underway and that any wrongdoing will be reported and punished. The animals’ safety was of utmost priority [for] both myself and everyone on the set. I have been a lifelong animal lover and A DOG’S PURPOSE is my third film about dogs.Hallstrom and Gad's statements match an earlier one from A Dog's Purpose producer Gavin Polone, who also says he was not on set when this incident happened. It would seem that the abuse of Hercules, the German Shepard in the video, all happened with very few witnesses and thus, was not reported at the time, if these parties are to be believed.Keep checking in with Screen Rant for updates to this story.Source: Josh Gad, Lasse Hallström
Tags:
a dogs purpose
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Angelina Jolie is more of a celebrity than an actress. She sells more magazines and newspapers than she does movie tickets - it's true. Has she ever been in a hit movie, a movie that had bums on seats because she was the lead?The first Tomb Raider would have made bank... even if I was the star, and Mr and Mrs Smith was a hit because of the tabloid stories about Miss Jolie and Brad Pitt.Jolie should have more luck with Wanted. The comic book adaptation (what else) is directed by Russian helmer Timur Bekmambetov, the man behind Day Watch, Night Watch and the forthcoming Twilight Watch (do you see what he's doing here?).Wanted looks bizarre in a sort of crazy Matrix way. let's just hope that it doesn't take itself as seriously - however from what I've seen that shouldn't be an issue. The film has a pretty cool cast lined up alongside Jolie: James McAvoy, Morgan Freeman and the fantastic Terence Stamp.A new poster for the film has now been released and we can tell that the film stars Jolie with a gun, tattoos and a scary skeletal arm.To see the poster- continue reading.This movie looks like a crazy piece of summer entertainment. Let's hope it's good.Wanted opens on June 27.Source: AICN
Tags:
wanted
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
25 years ago, a movie hit the big screen that spotlighted a little talked about time in American history: when women ruled baseball. During World War II, women were drafted into the fields typically occupied by men, since their husbands and brothers were sent to war. It was a very different time, and A League of Their Own sought to showcase just how the game was played when the ladies took to the baseball diamond.Inspired by real events, A League of Their Own followed the Rockford Peaches as they pitched and hit their way to a World Series game. The cast featured a mix of lesser known actors just getting their feet in Hollywood and big names from the late '80s and early '90s in the mix. The movie would remind audiences that “there’s no crying in baseball” and just how important the pastime was to the country.There was an attempt to recapture the success of the film on television, as a series based on the show was ordered, with many of the original cast reprising their roles. Six episodes were initially filmed, but only five were aired before the series was cancelled. In honor of the film’s anniversary, we’ve got the skinny on just what the Rockford Peaches, and some of the men who surrounded them, have been up to since in Where Are They Now: The Cast of A League of Their Own.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIn A League of Their Own, Doris Murphy was the loud and opinionated native New Yorker manning the hot corner over at third base. A bouncer before joining the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League, she’s a powerhouse on the field. The character was named for Doris Sams, one of the real life women who played in the league from 1946 to 1953. The real Doris pitched a perfect game, was named player of the year twice, and ended up on the all-star team five times. That’s a big name to live up to!Rosie O’Donnell brought Murphy to life just as her acting career was taking off. The comedic actress went on to host her own daytime talk show in between roles, and she’s most recently been one of the co-hosts of The View and appeared in numerous TV projects. She’s had a recurring role on The Fosters and appeared in the ABC miniseries When We Rise, chronicling the Civil Rights Movement. “All The Way Mae” was a taxi dancer before trying out to play in the league. She played center field, which was perfect for her, since she was always ready to be the center of attention. The first to pose for pictures and sign autographs, Mae was the life of the party.Madonna went into A League of Their Own with a few movies under her belt, like Desperately Seeking Susan and Dick Tracy, though she was primarily known as a pop superstar at the time. She followed up her role as Mae with the musical Evita, and she’s done sporadic acting work ever since.These days, she’s primarily focused on making music and giving back. She recently had the single “Ghost Town” drop, and her music has been featured heavily on RuPaul’s Drag Race. She also funded the construction of a children’s wing at a Malawi hospital.Soft-spoken and a little timid, Evelyn played right field for the Peaches, but she had to bring her son along for the ride. Little Stillwell accompanied the ladies to their games, annoying nearly everyone. It’s Evelyn’s tears at messing up a play that prompt the infamous, “there’s no crying in baseball!” line from Tam Hanks' Jimmy Dugan.Bitty Schram was an active character actress in the '90s, but her work has slowed down significantly over the last decade. Mystery fans will remember her as the always exasperated assistant to Adrian Monk (Tony Shalhoub) on the USA comedy Monk. Following the show’s end, Schram spent some time out of the spotlight before appearing as a police officer in Moments of Clarity with Lyndsy Fonseca.Walter Harvey, the man behind the fictional chocolate Harvey Bars and the owner of baseball’s Cubs, is the one who starts it all, persuading other baseball team owners to fund a women’s league. Garry Marshall appears in the film (in a relatively small role overall) not just because he loved baseball, but because his sister Penny Marshall directed the piece. The two famously cast family members in small roles in their films. Garry Marshall, of course, was a huge writer/director in his own right, known for romances like Pretty Woman and The Princess Diaries. His last three films were the holiday themed trio of Valentine’s Day, New Year’s Eve, and Mother’s Day. While he directed the first two, he also took on writing duties for the latter. Marshall passed away due to complications from pneumonia less than three months after the release of Mother’s Day. He was working on developing a third chapter of The Princess Diaries at the time of his death. He was 81.Betty “Spaghetti” Horn played left field for the Peaches and acted as the relief pitcher when needed. She also had one of the most memorable scenes in the film, as she received notice that her husband was killed in action in the locker room and opted to leave the team. It was a sobering moment in a largely fun ffilm.Garry Marshall wasn’t the only family member to join in on the baseball fun, as Tracy Reiner is the daughter of director Penny Marshall. She’s been acting since she was a teenager in the '70s, but most of her movie roles have been smaller parts in projects for Garry and Penny Marshall, or her adoptive stepfather, Rob Reiner. She was one of the few cast members who reprised her role for the television series based on A League of Their Own, and she’s appeared in The Princess Diaries and Valentine’s Day. After an extended hiatus from acting, she’s set to play Mayo Methot, an actress and one of the wives of Humphrey Bogart, in Bogie and Bacall.Helen might not as made as big of an impression as team members like All The Way Mae, but she was instrumental to the success of the Peaches at first base. A League of Their Own was Ramsay’s first big role as most of her parts leading up to Helen were on screen for much less time than the Rockford infielder. Though she was athletic and a frequent volleyball player, Ramsay didn’t have much experience playing baseball, and she had to learn for the role. Following A League of Their Own, she had a recurring role on the sitcom Mad About You, which is what most TV audiences will remember her for, and she’s since become a television staple. She’s appeared in Dharma and Greg, The L Word, Six Feet Under, Dexter, and Hart of Dixie. She’s also appeared in a few big screen projects, most notably, Planet of the Apes in 2001. Most recently, Ramsay guest starred in Animal Kingdom and appeared in 7 From Etheria, which gathers short films to showcase emerging female directors.Second baseman Marla Hooch is one of the only team members the audience sees scouted outside of traditional tryouts. In fact, sisters Dottie and Kit travel to see her play with the scout that runs the tryouts, and recommend her for the league. The running joke is that she’s just not as pretty as the other players, making her one of the last picked for photo ops, but she’s far and away one of the best hitters in the league. Cavanagh got her big break as a result of A League of Their Own, and she followed it up by reprising her role for the TV series before landing a role in Robin Hood: Men In Tights. She also appeared in sitcoms like Friends and Home Improvement, but voiceover work is where she’s really made her living.In addition to voicing characters for The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest, Cavanagh has also provided numerous voices for the Jimmy Neutron franchise (including Judy Neutron), various video games, and most recently, Winx Club. She’s also been steadily working in theater and in national commercials.The scout who sets out to find women to play in the league is Ernie Capadino. Most, if not all, of the women who end up on the Rockford Peaches are ones he set out to watch play ball in neighborhood games.Lovitz was already well known as a comedian and actor before taking on the role of Ernie. He added more comedy to his resume following this hit movie, with the likes of City Slickers II and his continued work on Saturday Night Live. Lovitz has also been a frequent player in Adam Sandler movies like Little Nicky, The Wedding Singer, and The Ridiculous 6.More recently, he’s made waves voicing characters for The Simpsons and appearing in the music video for Jessica Lowndes’ single “Deja Vu.” He’s got the movies Chasing the Blues and Bachelor Lions up next.Left fielder Shirley Baker was a great ball player, but early on in her interactions with the other Peaches, the girls discovered she never learned to read. It was Mae who taught her - using romance novels.Like many members of the cast, A League of Their Own was Ann Cusack’s big break. If you’re thinking her last name sounds familiar, yes, she is one of the Cusack siblings, and yes, like the other actors (John and Joan) in her family, she’s multitalented and has done a little bit of everything since. In addition to playing in a blues band, Cusack has continued acting in TV and film. She appeared in The Jeff Foxworthy Show in the '90s, and played the title character in the series Maggie, as well as guested in soapier shows like One Tree Hill and Scandal. In the last year, you might have caught Cusack in Castle, Better Call Saul, or Grimm. She also appeared on the big screen in Sully and is set for the Stephen King adaptation Mr. Mercedes next. Ira Lowenstein was the man trusted to run the league for Mr. Harvey. It was Ira who was responsible for making sure the players got plenty of press, asking the girls to “do something interesting” when photographers were around, leading to Dottie doing a split as she caught a ball. David Strathairn had already been in the business for two decades before he was cast in A League of Their Own, and he hasn’t slowed down in the two decades since. In the '90s, he appeared in movies like Sneakers and L.A. Confidential, and the 2000s saw him take on more TV projects, like The Sopranos and Alphas.Most recently, you might have caught him on the big screen in Godzilla or American Pastoral, or on the small screen in The Blacklist or Billions. Up next, he’s got several movies on the way, including November Criminals and An Interview With God.Such a small role in the film that she didn’t even have a name, Racine’s first base player appeared when the Peaches went up against the Belle’s in the World Series, pitting sister against sister.Leoni only had two roles under her belt before appearing as a Racine Belle, and she appeared in several TV shows and movies following it, but Deep Impact was probably her biggest role. Since then, she’s appeared in a series of movies with varying degrees of acclaim, from Jurassic Park III to Fun With Dick and Jane and Tower Heist, but she’s been making her waves on the small screen these days. You can catch her starring in the CBS series Madame Secretary, which she also produces, which is set to return with new episodes in October. The manager of the Rockford Peaches, Jimmy wasn’t interested in his job at first. A former ballplayer himself, he had a connection to Mr. Harvey since he used to play for the Cubs. He didn’t take the ladies' game seriously, letting the Peaches run their own show until they started winning games, at which point he sobered up a bit and took notice.Tom Hanks was already a star on the rise thanks to the likes of Splash and Big, but he wasn’t exactly America’s golden boy as Jimmy Dugan. He returned to playing lovable characters in Sleepless In Seattle, Forrest Gump, and Apollo 13 before doing thrilling dramas like The Green Mile and voicing Woody in Toy Story. Hanks has dabbled in nearly every genre on the big screen, and he’s taken on producing duties in recent years as well.Most recently, he hit the big screen in Sully, Inferno, and The Circle. He has The Papers and Toy Story 4 on the horizon, but he’s also got several TV miniseries and documentaries on the way that he’ll be producing. Hollywood stars just don't shine much brighter than Mr. Hanks.Kit Keller was the younger sister to Dottie who didn’t actually get scouted for the league. Instead, her participation was contingent on getting her big sister to leave the farm life behind so she could make the big time.Outside of her beloved turn as young Kit, Lori Petty is primarily known for her role as the title character in Tank Girl, a movie in which she requested her League costar Anne Cusack get a role in as well. Fans who caught her in that know that she also went on to voice Livewire in DC’s animated shows in the '90s and appeared in Star Trek: Voyager. Since then, she’s mostly stuck to TV. Petty has been appearing to critical acclaim in the Netflix series Orange Is The New Black, but genre audiences also got to see her take on a Joker-like persona in an episode of Gotham this season as well. Up next for her is the drama Fear, Love, And Agoraphobia.Bob doesn’t appear in the movie very much, but he’s the love of Dottie’s life, and one of the reasons she doesn't initially want to join the league. He’s a soldier in the middle of the war, and when he’s finally able to come home, he’s ready to start up their happy life on the farm again, not hit the road and travel to baseball games.Pullman might not have been the star of A League Of Their Own, but the '90s were certainly kind to him. as he lined up Sleepless In Seattle, While You Were Sleeping, Independence Day, and Twister for a huge bump in his profile. He was also a main cast member on Torchwood in the 2000s, and he returned for the Independence Day sequel two decades later.Pullman brought westerns back to the big screen with a role in The Ballad of Lefty Brown and he’s set to appear next in the upcoming USA Network limited series The Sinner, starring Jessica Biel. Dottie Hinson was living life on a dairy farm, waiting for her husband to return from the war and keeping her little sister out of trouble, when she was scouted for the All-American Girls Baseball League. Initially hesitant, she became the assistant manager and star catcher for the Rockford Peaches before her husband returned home and she backed out.Davis already had such classics as The Fly, Beetlejuice, and Thelma and Louise on her resume before she became Dottie Hinson. If she wasn’t already in the spotlight, this movie squarely put her there. She later varied her portfolio with films like The Long Kiss Goodnight and Stuart Little before becoming the president on Commander in Chief. Davis had a guest arc on Grey’s Anatomy recently, as well as a lead role in FOX’s Exorcist TV series. She won’t be returning for the second season of the show, however, choosing instead focusing on movies. She had Marjorie Prime release earlier this year, and up next is the Canadian film Don’t Talk To Irene.--A League Of Their Own might be 25 years old, but it’s still got its spot in pop culture relevancy. Everyone remembers that “there’s no crying in baseball,” and can hum the League’s official theme. The movie was added to the National Film Registry in 2012, and Geena Davis even organized members of the cast in 2016 at the Bentonville Film Festival, which she co-founded, for a reunion and a softball game, so there’s no way anyone is forgetting this film anytime soon. Let’s just hope no one gets any remake ideas.
Tags:
a league of their own
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The A-list is a magical place where actors can enjoy the fruits of their labor, including all the best roles, interviews with high-profile publications, invites to the greatest parties on the planet, and the world at their feet. Once you've made it into this elite club, your bank account will thank you for it.On the flip side of the coin, actors need to prove themselves worthy of A-list status. They need to show star power and immense pull at the box office.No matter how beautiful or talented they are, their name on a movie poster needs to fill the seats of a cinema. In this instance, the holy trinity of talent, star power, and money are necessary to unlock the door to this exclusive club.That said, once you're part of Hollywood's inner circle, it doesn't mean that it's forever. Poor performing movies, controversies, and bad choices can all strip an actor of his/her status.In some cases, there are actors who experience monumental falls from grace and their careers never recover from it, leaving a spot for the new breed to swoop in and claim their places.Here are the 8 Actors Who Were Kicked Off The A-List (And 8 Who Should Take Their Spot).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAt the beginning of 2017, Oscar and Golden Globe winner Kevin Spacey was on top of the world. He had a catalog of fantastic performances and his tour de force as Frank Underwood on House of Cards was on course to become the stuff of TV legend.Then, Weinstein-gate broke and Spacey was named and shamed too.Actor Anthony Rapp lifted the lid on Spacey's alleged inappropriate conduct when he was just 14 years old, prompting others to come forward and tell their stories as well.Spacey's rep released a statement, stating that he'd seek "evaluation and treatment.”However, the writing was already on the wall for him. Ridley Scott cut his scenes in All the Money in the World and replaced him with Christopher Plummer. Netflix also removed him from House of Cards, while his publicist and talent agency dropped him as a client.Spacey's House of Cards co-star Michael Kelly spoke to Variety about the whole ordeal."I don't even know how to put it into words because you know one thing for so long and then all of a sudden it's a completely different world you're living in. There's obviously a million emotions that I went through, that I processed during this whole thing. I don't want to talk too much about it because it was heartbreaking in so many ways,” he stated.Ron Cephas Jones is no rookie in Hollywood. He’s been around since 1994, but he's never quite hit the pinnacle that he deserves. While he's been on the periphery and appeared on some high-profile TV shows, his shot at the A-list hasn't arrived – until now.His sensational and heart-wrenching performance as William Hill on This is Us earned him all the accolades that he warranted, including an Emmy nomination. Suddenly, the world knew his name, and the coveted part of Shazam the Wizard in Shazam! came his way as a result.Jones is still a few steps shy of joining the exclusive inner circle, but his recent performances indicate that even bigger things are in his future.He remains modest, though, and refuses to get ahead of himself too much. Speaking to Deadline, Jones said, "[The This is Us] gig is probably the best I've ever had in film and television, and I'm starting at a very high bar.”He continued: “So, where do you go from here, as far as television is concerned? I don't know if it gets any better than this. I'm just enjoying it and staying in the now, and trying not to think too far ahead of myself."What happened to T.J. Miller? A few years ago, he experienced a meteoric rise to fame. His success on Silicon Valley and his stand-up gigs secured him major roles in Deadpool, Office Christmas Party, The Emoji Movie, and Ready Player One.Then, the scandals came knocking at his door.In December 2016, he was arrested for allegedly beating up an Uber driver after a disagreement about Donald Trump.The following year, he was hit with two double whammies as his exit from Silicon Valley attracted attention because of his reported behavior on set and an assault scandal from his past surfaced. The final straw, though, seemed to be his arrest in April 2018, which was due to him making a fake bomb threat on a train.Ryan Reynolds has already confirmed that Miller will not play a part of the forthcoming X-Force movie, so his roles have definitely dried up recently.Chatting to The Hollywood Reporter, Silicon Valley co-creator Mike Judge was candid in his assessment of Miller."There are a lot of different ways you can find out somebody doesn't want to do the show anymore. And it's not fun to work with someone who doesn't want to be there, [especially when] they're one of the main people,” he said.Gone are the days when wrestlers were only good enough for C-grade action movies and lame TV shows.Dwayne Johnson has paved the way and shown that there's a spot in Hollywood for talented performers – and we all know that the WWE has some of the wildest characters around.One superstar who's making the transition from the squared circle to the big screen is John Cena.While he did well for himself in WWE Studios' various movies, his transition to comedy in Trainwreck, Sisters, and Blockers has shown a different side of him. Maybe Cena wasn't meant to be the next big action star, but a comedian instead?His performances have been praised and we've seen significantly less of him in the ring in recent years as a result.As a multiple-time world champion and the number-one guy in the WWE for over a decade, Cena has achieved all there is to achieve in the wrestling business. There's really nowhere else for him to go, and he's in the perfect position to secure a lucrative part-time contract with the company.The movie business is less grueling in comparison to getting your head kicked in on a weekly basis, and we wouldn't be surprised if Cena reaches the same level of Hollywood stardom as The Rock down the line.This one has been a long time coming. It's almost as if Shia LaBeouf has baited Hollywood for the past decade. His behavior gets more and more eccentric and outrageous, and he really does the silliest things for attention.LaBeouf has fought with co-stars, been arrested several times, and even plagiarized someone else's work. While he has blamed some of his issues on alcoholism, he never seems able to shake off the controversy.The tipping point for him was in July 2017, when he was arrested for public drunkenness, disorderly conduct, and obstruction in Savannah, Georgia.Body-cam footage was released of LaBeouf's verbal tirade against the officers, and he was fined $1,000 and given 12 months probation.In an interview with Dazed, LaBeouf owned up to his behavior."I'm mortified by what happened in Georgia. It is such a wild display of arrogance and white privilege that I've really had to come to terms with myself for a while, and I'm still dealing with it,” LaBoeuf stated. “It's a wildly ugly thing that happened and I can't run from it. So I've been leaning into it, trying to figure it out."We hope that he means what he said, because he's got a long way to go to make amends.Garrett Hedlund has had a start-stop relationship with Hollywood. Just when you think he's about to break out as the latest big star, his movie flops – but not by his fault, mind you.You only need to look at Tron: Legacy and Pan as two high-profile examples. Both movies had the word "hit" written all over them.Yet, neither of them struck a chord with the critics or fired up the box office the way the studios envisioned.Hedlund has also turned down some major parts, which could've radically changed things for him, as he reportedly said no to the roles of Finnick in The Hunger Games and Christian Grey in Fifty Shades of Grey.Nonetheless, it doesn't appear like Hollywood has given up on him just yet, as he continues to be presented with chances to prove himself again.A turning point for him could be the upcoming Triple Frontier, which also stars Ben Affleck, Charlie Hunnam, and Oscar Isaac. If successful, it could open the doors for even bigger roles in the future.One part that does keep being mooted for Hedlund is that of Dick Grayson in the Nightwing movie. He's many fans' pick for the part; however, with news about the production going cold, it doesn't seem like a certainty anymore.Katherine Heigl's spectacular fall from grace can be attributed to her opening her mouth at the wrong times. Too often in the past has she openly bemoaned the productions that she was working on, becoming public enemy number one as a result.As we've all learned in our own careers, don't bite the hand that feeds you.After Heigl criticized Knocked Up as discriminatory against women, director Judd Apatow responded to her in an interview years later, saying "I feel sad that she hasn't learned the lesson of her journey yet. You'd think at some point I'll get a call saying 'Sorry, I was tired…,’ but then the call never comes."Grey's Anatomy mastermind Shonda Rhimes didn't pull back the punches about Heigl in a conversation with The Hollywood Reporter, when she said that she employs a "no a**holes policy" now.If you've forgotten, Heigl infamously announced that she was withdrawing her name from awards consideration because she hadn't received any material "to warrant an Emmy nomination.""I don't put up with [expletive] or nasty people. I don't have time for it. There are no Heigls in this situation," Rhimes added.Speaking about her comments to Vanity Fair, Heigl admitted that she regrets her comments. "I shouldn't have said anything publicly. But at the time, I didn't think anyone would notice."Yeah, sure.Alexandra Breckenridge is becoming one of those actresses whose name you recognize in the credits, but who you don’t always recognize in the flesh.This isn't a fault of hers, though, as she morphs into her roles and is often unrecognizable from series to series.While she'd built up a solid career in TV for years, her sultry performance as the young Moira O'Hara in American Horror Story: Murder House was the one that brought her to mainstream attention. As expected, she was recycled for another season of the anthology series, appearing as Kaylee in Coven.Afterwards, she received a massive gig on The Walking Dead as Rick Grimes' new love interest, Jessie Anderson.Fans were happy to see Rick find love again after the passing of his wife, Lori. However, the showrunners proved to be ruthless, tearing this relationship apart, as she ended up in the zombies' bellies.More recently, we've seen her as Kevin Pearson's ex-wife, Sophie, in the dramedy This is Us. It was a nuanced part that really displays Breckenridge's diverse range as an actress.After such widespread and mainstream appearances, it's only a matter of time before she gets a golden opportunity to star in a major movie. Frankly, we wouldn't put it past her to knock it out of the park.In the early '90s, Bruce Willis was one of the top action stars in the world. You knew that if his name was on something, the crowds would come. His star power, though, began to wane towards the turn of the century.At the same time, he developed a reputation of being incredibly difficult to work with. Chatting about the experience of working with Willis on Cop Out, director Kevin Smith revealed all to Marc Maron on the WTF with Marc Maron podcast."It was difficult. I've never been involved in a situation like that where one component is not in the box at all. It was [expletive] soul crushing," he said.Sylvester Stallone also didn't hold back on his overall assessment of Willis, when he sub-tweeted him and suggested that he was "greedy and lazy" as well as a "failure."Additionally, Willis has been openly hostile towards interviewers and has refused to participate at times. This has led to him being branded a "diva," and no one jumps at the chance to sit down and have a chat with him anymore.As a consequence of his behavior, the big roles have dried up for Willis. He's now relegated to doing mostly straight-to-DVD movies, as no major production wants a troublemaker on set.If Scott Adkins had been an actor in the late '80s, there's no doubt that he'd be mentioned in the same breath as Van Damme and Schwarzenegger now. He's a bona-fide action star and his martial arts ability is second to none.Unfortunately, the action genre isn't as big as it what it used to be, so Adkins has featured in mostly straight-to-DVD or VOD movies. This hasn't stopped him from carving out a niche in these markets, though.His performances and hard work have caught the eye of Hollywood, and he's appeared in bigger releases, such as The Expendables 2, Doctor Strange, and The Bourne Ultimatum, in supporting roles.He's certainly not short of work, and fans have long suggested that he's one of the only actors who possesses the natural martial arts skills to portray Batman on the big screen.In fact, he auditioned for the part in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, which ultimately went to Ben Affleck.Regardless, Adkins has proven that if you put in the work, you'll get noticed.If he continues on the same trajectory as before, his big-time break will come. Pretty soon, he might become as big an action star as the likes of Vin Diesel and Dwayne Johnson.Much like Bruce Willis, Wesley Snipes was one of the most recognizable faces in the '90s. When he secured the role of Blade, it opened him up to the wider comic-book audience too, and he received accolades for his portrayal of the Daywalker in the Blade movies.However, Snipes' problems started back on the Blade: Trinity set. He reportedly fought with director David S. Goyer every step of the way and became impossible to work with.According to co-star Patton Oswalt, Snipes "was just [expletive] crazy in a hilarious way. He wouldn’t come out of his trailer, and he would smoke [the devil’s lettuce] all day.” He added that Snipes lost his temper several times on set and even tried to strangle Goyer one day.Snipes' issues didn't stop there, though, as he was sentenced to three years in prison for willful failure to file federal income tax returns in 2008. He entered prison in 2010 but was released in 2013.His career didn't exactly improve after his release from prison, either, with his most notable appearance being in The Expendables 3.That said, he does seem to have mellowed over the years and perhaps there could be a comeback on the cards for him. Will he ever achieve the A-list status again, though?When Iron Fist was released, it got taken to task for several reasons. One of the chief complaints was that Finn Jones didn't look convincing as a martial artist or Danny Rand.On the other hand, Lewis Tan, who's in supreme shape and is an expert martial artist, was cast as the throwaway villain Zhou Cheng of one episode.No one could quite understand why Tan wasn't picked for the titular role instead.As it turns out, Tan had auditioned for the part of Rand. Speaking to Vulture, he revealed how close he was to getting the gig."I read for Danny and they liked me a lot. I read again and again and again, and it was a long process, and it got to the point where they were talking about my availability and my dates,” Tan stated. “That's always a good sign, you know? And then they went with Finn and they had me read for a villain part maybe two weeks later."Fortunately, Tan's performances haven't gone unnoticed and he secured the coveted part of Shatterstar in Deadpool 2.With rumors of X-Force in the pipeline, it looks like this might be the start of Tan's love affair with a big cinematic franchise.Val Kilmer is a complicated character. Make no mistake about it, he's a phenomenal actor, but when he's off camera, he seems to rub people up the wrong way. Consequently, his reputation has ensured that many directors avoid casting him in their projects.He notoriously feuded with The Island of Dr. Moreau co-star Marlon Brando and Heat co-star Tom Sizemore. Batman Forever director Joel Schumacher also didn't have the best experience with him either, dubbing Kilmer as "childish and impossible."Last year, in a candid Reddit AMA, Kilmer admitted to his mistakes and provided some context."I didn't do enough hand holding and flattering and reassuring to the financiers. I only cared about the acting and that didn't translate to caring about the film or all that money," he said.Kilmer added that he enjoyed taking risks, which were seen as financially irresponsible by those financing the movies. In retrospect, he sees that it "was foolish" of him."I understand that now. And sometimes when you are the head of a project and the lead actor is usually the reason a film is being made, unless it's a superstar director, then it's only fair to make people feel good and happy they are at work. I was often unhappy trying to make pictures better," he explained.Right now, Ben Barnes stars in two of the hottest shows around— Westworld and The Punisher. It's his performance as Billy Russo in the latter, however, which has really caught the attention of the wider audience.Interestingly, Barnes' career started out strong with the major role of Prince Caspian in The Chronicles of Narnia movie series and he gradually moved to TV.This doesn't mean that he can't jump back to the big screen, but considering how TV has almost eclipsed cinema in recent years, some have stated that he made the right choice at the right time.In fact, Barnes shows how smart he is about the business in most interviews.As he told DA MAN, "I think trends and momentum can influence certain casting choices, but in general I like to hope – or maybe pretend – that the best man or woman will prevail and get the job. But, there is disappointment and elation whatever level you're at."When asked about what's next on the agenda, Barnes added, "I don't really see milestones, career-wise. I would love to continue to find interesting projects to devote myself to."Personally, we hope that the next step is back to the big screen in a big-budget blockbuster. Barnes has the acting chops— he just needs a bit of luck now.Sharon Stone had a meteoric rise to fame. At one stage, she was the most in-demand actress in the business, with an abundance of offers flooding her agent's office.With fame came insane requests, and Stone became known for diva-like behavior and ridiculous requests. While she was on top of the mountain, she got away with it even if she developed a reputation of being hard to work with.However, when stinkers like 2004's Catwoman crept into her filmography, suddenly her fame wasn't enough to sustain her anymore.It also didn't help that Stone made some controversial comments about the 2008 Sichuan earthquake on the red carpet of the 61st Annual Cannes Film Festival."I'm not happy about the way the Chinese are treating the Tibetans because I don't think anyone should be unkind to anyone else," Stone said. "And then this earthquake and all this stuff happened, and then I thought, is that karma? When you're not nice that the bad things happen to you?"There was immense backlash for her comments, as she was banned from Chinese movie festivals and Christian Dior pulled all ads featuring her from China.Since then, Stone's career hasn't recovered, and she's never asserted herself back into the A-list.You only need to watch Salem to see the sheer brilliance of Janet Montgomery. The young English actress has achieved a lot in the past decade, starring in the likes of Black Swan, The Space Between Us, Black Mirror, and This is Us.Yet, it seems like her career yo-yos between highs and lows, without any sustained momentum to elevate her into A-list territory.Just when you think she's about to break through to the mainstream, she gets pulled back down into another production that does nothing for her profile.If you look at her filmography, she's been busy for the last 10 years, sharing her time between TV and movies. Still, you can't help but wonder if she couldn't have been busier and accepted more roles in this period. Perhaps she's a bit on the fussy side?There's no denying her talent, however, so it's only a matter of time before she achieves the necessary momentum to get a few home runs in a row.At the young age of 32, time is certainly on her side and we should be seeing even more of her in the near future. Hopefully, it'll be in headlining roles. The only question is: when?---Are there any other actors who were kicked off of the A-list? Which other actors should replacement them? Let us know in the comments section!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In a time when movies can cost hundreds of millions of dollars to produce and gross another billion at the box office worldwide, actors have become the most sought after entertainers in the world.While producers, directors, and writers each play a pivotal role in bringing films to life, the actors are always front and center. They're the ones with whom audiences connect, and therefore, they have the biggest impact on a film's box office success. The right actor can be the difference between a blockbuster and a bomb.Hollywood's A-listers are the cream of the acting crop. Whether it be their talent, good looks, or some other "it" factor, today's A-listers possess intrinsic qualities that allow them to connect with audiences and, more importantly, boost ticket sales in a way other actors can only dream.Becoming an A-lister is anything but easy. It takes a charming personality, a series of highly successful films and/or performances, and the approval of audiences around the world just to get the opportunity to join the elite group.Even then only some actors actually rise to the occasion, others miss the opportunity and will never get it back.Here are the 7 Actors Who Lost Their Chance To Become A-Listers (And 8 Who Rose To Stardom).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThis may come as a surprise to those more familiar with her performances as Natasha Romanoff in the MCU and Major in Ghost in the Shell, but Scarlett Johansson actually began her acting career as a child. She first appeared in North in 1994 and followed that up with a series of films in the '90s before really hitting her stride in the mid-2000s.Three consecutive Golden Globe nominations in 2003, 2004, and 2005 proved she had the acting chops to be a big star, and then her appearance in the MCU pushed her into the A-lister conversation.Her performances in critically acclaimed films like Don Jon and Under the Skin furthered this discussion before Lucy sealed the deal. The film was made on a modest $40 million budget and grossed $463 million worldwide because Johansson was front and center on all of the marketing.Taylor Kitsch had all of the makings of a bonafide A-lister. He slowly rose to prominence in the mid-2000s, appearing as Tim Riggins in TV's Friday Night Lights before jumping to the big screen with roles in The Covenant and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.His performance as Remy LeBeau (aka Gambit) in the latter suggested that he might be ready to handle a starring role of his own and he was given the opportunity in 2012's John Carter.Unfortunately, the film was a massive bomb at the box office-- grossing $284 million worldwide on a $250 million budget. Just two months later, Kitsch would star in Battleship, which had a similar problem resonating with audiences-- earning $300 million at the box office on a $200 million budget.Two box office bombs within two months of each other halted Kitsch's ascendance into A-lister, and he's unlikely to get another opportunity in the future.Margot Robbie burst onto the Hollywood scene in 2013 following her appearance alongside Leonardo DiCaprio in The Wolf of Wall Street. Robbie had appeared in several films and television series by this time but it was her performance here (and one scene in particular) that put her on the map.Her fame skyrocketed seemingly overnight and she channeled that success into a starring role in Focus (alongside Will Smith) and a brief but hilarious cameo in The Big Short.Then came the performance that pushed Robbie's stock even higher-- Harley Quinn in Suicide Squad. Despite poor reviews from critics, the film was a box office success and Robbie's portrayal of Quinn was lauded by critics and fans alike.Robbie's performance in I, Tonya, meanwhile, is already generating Oscar buzz and she is attached to nine upcoming films, so its safe to say her rise to A-lister status is complete.The Twilight series was a massive success for all parties involved. They earned a combined $3.3 billion at the global box office and made stars out of Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, and Taylor Lautner. Stewart had a formidable filmography before appearing in the series, but Twilight made her a household name across the globe.Unfortunately, Stewart failed to cash in on her newly-found fame. Between outings as Bella Swan, Stewart starred in features like Welcome to the Rileys and The Runaways, and while her performance in the latter garnered her much praise from critics, both bombed at the box office thereby diminishing her star power.Stewart's star fell further following Snow White and the Huntsman. Despite the film's success at the box office, Stewart's rumored affair with director Rupert Sanders hurt her image in the eyes of audiences. She was subsequently booted from the sequel and her career hasn't been the same since.Ryan Reynolds has been a relatively-major Hollywood player for the better part of fifteen years ever since his starring role in 2002's Van Wilder. A likable actor with plenty of charisma, Reynolds starred in a series of films throughout the 2000s but never quite broke into the A-lister group.Then came 2011's Green Lantern, which failed with critics and (more importantly) at the box office, dropped Reynolds' stock significantly.Reynolds made a comeback in 2016 with Deadpool, however, which was hailed by critics and audiences and crushed the box office on its way to becoming the sixth highest-grossing film of the year.As the driving force behind Deadpool both in front of the camera and behind the scenes, the film's success proved Reynolds as one of Hollywood's most bankable stars.Deadpool 2 is sure to do great business worldwide, and the recently announced X-Force could drive Reynolds' stock even higher.As a child actor since the late '90s, Shia LaBeouf rose to prominence following his role in the Disney television series Even Stevens. Following the show's end in 2003, LaBeouf moved on to films appearing in I, Robot, followed by a starring role in Disturbia, and then the massively successful Transformers.LaBeouf was a star on the rise and was quickly tapped to play Mutt Williams in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, with rumors circulating that his character would eventually become the focal point of the franchise going forward.However, the film disappointed audiences who rejected LaBeouf in the role. Then he was booted from the Transformers franchise following Dark of the Moon and his career hasn't been the same since.The two franchises could have been enough to launch LaBeouf into the A-lister stratosphere, but, alas, that was not the case.Emma Stone had been knocking on the A-lister door for quite some time before she finally kicked it in in 2016. Stone steadily rose to prominence in the late 2000s with roles in Zombieland, Easy A, Crazy, Stupid, Love, and The Help before really gaining the attention of audiences with her Oscar-nominated role in Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance).Stone followed up her Oscar nomination with a Best Actress win for her role in 2016's La La Land. The film was a hit with critics and audiences, crushed the box office to the tune of $445 million worldwide (on a $30 million budget), and showed that Stone not only had the acting chops to be a leading lady, but also had a strong following as well.Her latest role in Battle of the Sexes has been generating a lot of Oscar buzz, which means that back-to-back Best Actress Awards remains a possibility.Believe it or not, there was a time when Amanda Bynes was on the rise to becoming an A-lister. Bynes started her career on Nickelodeon's All That and eventually became popular enough to receive her own show (aptly named The Amanda Show). Bynes then seamlessly transitioned into film with starring roles in What a Girl Wants, She's the Man, and Sydney White.Bynes seemed primed to break out and become one of Hollywood's hottest starlets... before a series of personal issues derailed her career.She was charged with DUI in 2012 and was hospitalized under a 72-hour mental-health evaluation after starting a fire in a stranger's driveway in 2013. Bynes has kept largely quiet since then.Bynes last appeared on screen in 2010's Easy A, and although she says she hasn't retired from acting, her opportunity to become an A-lister has certainly passed her by.If you take a look through Kevin Hart's filmography, you'll see that it's filled with plenty of movies going back to the early 2000s. The roles weren't major, but he built up a respectable resumé nonetheless. Then his hilarious stand-up specials launched him to superstardom.Hart's stand-up pushed him from supporting character to leading man, as he would go on to star in a series of hits starting in 2014. Ride Along, Get Hard, Ride Along 2, and Central Intelligence are just a few of Hart's hits that each made more than $100 million at the worldwide box office, sometimes grossing more than six times the production's budget.Hart proved himself fully capable of being a box office draw, thereby cementing his A-lister status, which he'll likely hold for the foreseeable future with hits like Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle and Ride Along 3 on the horizon.If the Twilight series was going to launch anyone into superstardom (other than Kristen Stewart), it was Taylor Lautner. Though Robert Pattinson was the star opposite Stewart, Lautner had the good looks (not to mention the abs) of a star, and using the series to turn himself into an A-lister seemed not just possible but entirely probable.Between appearances as the eternally friend-zoned Jacob, Lautner was given a starring role in 2011's action-thriller Abduction. Unfortunately, the film was panned by critics and met with a lukewarm reception by audiences, pulling in a modest $82 million at the box office on a $35 million budget.Lautner was given another starring role in 2015's Tracers. The film made less than $3 million on a $10 million budget and made it clear that Lautner didn't have the star power to sell a film on his own, thus officially ousting him from the A-lister conversation.Of everyone on this list, Dwayne Johnson has had the most fascinating career by far. Johnson began his career as a professional wrestler in the WWF (now WWE) before transitioning into acting full-time.Johnson's first role (more of a cameo really) came in 2001's The Mummy Returns. He would go on to star in a series of moderately successful action films throughout the early-to-mid 2000s.Then Johnson's career took a bit of a downturn in the late 2000s when he starred in a series of family comedies, most notably Tooth Fairy. He turned things around yet again in 2011, though, following his debut in The Fast and the Furious franchise.Since then, Johnson has become one of the few actors in the world who can boost ticket sales based on name alone. Even films completely panned by critics tend to do well financially if Johnson is the star.In 2014, Shailene Woodley seemed primed to follow in the footsteps of Jennifer Lawrence and use her own young adult blockbuster franchise to launch herself to superstardom.Woodley was coming off of back-to-back critically praised performance for The Descendants and The Spectacular Now when she was tapped to play Tris in Divergent, a franchise expected to be the next Hunger Games in terms of reviews and box office success.Unfortunately for Woodley, the series underperformed financially and was largely panned by critics. In fact, the franchise did so poorly that Ascendant (originally scheduled to be the final film in the franchise) was bumped from theaters and scheduled to be a TV movie. Earlier this year, Woodley backed out of the project entirely.While it was probably in her best interest to exit the franchise, the fact remains that, when Divergent came to an end, so did Woodley's A-lister potential.Long before he was Peter Quill (aka Star-Lord), Chris Pratt was best known for his role as Andy Dwyer on NBC's Parks and Recreation. Then came 2014, which was the year that launched Pratt from being a relatively-known TV star with a few movie roles under his belt to megastar.First came his starring role as Emmet Brickowski in The Lego Movie (which grossed $469 million worldwide), and then his aforementioned performance in Guardians of the Galaxy.Pratt followed up Guardians with another starring role in Jurassic World, which grossed $1.6 billion worldwide and was the second-highest grossing film of the year (trailing only Star Wars: The Force Awakens). Three movies in two years that grossed nearly $3 billion combined worldwide solidified Pratt's A-lister status.With Avengers: Infinity War, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, and Guardians 3 on the way, Pratt will remain an A-lister for years to come.Although she's been relegated to little more than a punchline in the last decade, there was once a time when Lindsay Lohan seemed not just primed but destined to become one of the biggest actors in the world.Following her critically-praised performance in 1998's The Parent Trap, Lohan took a step back from the big screen for five years before returning in 2003.Then 2004's Mean Girls became a huge hit and once again put Lohan on the map. She was young, beautiful, talented, and seemed poised to breakout. Unfortunately, her next few films underwhelmed, and then a series of personal issues dampened her image in the eyes of audiences.Lohan's personal problems only intensified from there, as she became more known for her behavior behind the scenes than for her acting in front of the camera. A comeback may be in her future, but A-lister status almost definitely is not.Jennifer Lawrence is arguably the biggest A-lister in the world today, and with good reason. Her resumé is filled with blockbuster franchises and incredible performances, and her personality has endeared her to audiences all across the world.Lawrence's career began to blossom following her performance in Winter's Bone (which earned her an Academy Award nomination), before X-Men: First Class introduced her to general audiences and The Hunger Games made her a global star.She built on her newly-found fame with an Academy Award-winning performance in The Silver Linings Playbook and her ascension to A-lister status was nearly complete.Since then, Lawrence has built a well-rounded filmography that includes both blockbusters (like the Hunger Games and X-Men movies) and Oscar contenders (like American Hustle and Joy). Even the occasional misfire (like Serena or Mother!) can't slow her down.She's a bonafide A-lister and isn't likely to give up the title any time soon.---Can you think of any other actors who lost their chance to become A-listers? Are there any other A-listers who deserve a place on the list? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
As popular as certain celebrities can be, many of them did not grow up famous. There are many cases where celebrities start off as child actors, but most of the time famous actors do not rise to the top of Hollywood until they become a bit older. People often forget, but celebrities are normal people just like everyone else. There always seems to be some type of special aura around famous people but there really is nothing that special about them besides having a lot of money and starring in some of our favorite movies. They all celebrate birthday’s with loved ones, go on vacations, and act weird in the privacy of their homes just like everybody else in the world. Some celebrities keep their personal and family lives away from the public eye but sometimes photos from their past find their way onto the internet. They can be sometimes hard to find but there are the occasional photos of celebrities out there that show what the actors and actresses were like before they were famous.Often times, these pictures can be quite embarrassing but most people in Hollywood are well off so they probably don’t care what people think of their awkward former-selves.Here are the 20 Embarrassing Photos Of A-Listers Before They Were Famous.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAdam Driver has been acting for about nine years but quickly rose to the top of Hollywood in 2015. If there is one way to get yourself to the top of Hollywood and to get the title A-lister, it is to star in a Star Wars movie. Star Wars has been big ever since the first movie came out in 1977. Some fans love all of the movies, some people hate the prequels, but almost everyone has at least heard of the franchise.While Star Wars has always been popular, the series gained a whole new generation of fans when Star Wars: The Force Awakens was released. Episode VII was announced shortly after Disney bought Lucasfilm for $4 billion. With every new Star Wars film, it needs to have an incredible villain. Adam Driver as Kylo Ren was chosen as the big baddie for the sequel trilogy. As seen in the picture above, a young Adam Driver is holding a mayonnaise packet in his school cafeteria at Mishawaka High School in Indiana.The young teen was a junior when this photo was taken and thought that having to pay an extra 50 cents for an extra mayonnaise packet was ridiculous. Who can blame him?Ben Stiller was and still is one of Hollywood’s greatest funnymen. Depending on what generation you grew up in, you might recognize Jerry Stiller in this picture rather than his son Ben. Jerry was a well-known comedian far before Ben was. Jerry and his wife Anne Meara were quite popular in the 1960s and the 1970s and also two of the first graduates from Second City to make it big.Even if you grew up watching material with Ben Stiller rather than Jerry, you still might not recognize Ben in this picture. The picture was taken in June 1978 in New York City and features Jerry Stiller and his son Ben who was twelve-years-old at the time. Since then, Ben has starred in several movies and became just as famous as his old man. Ben Stiller has starred in too many comedies to list, but some of his most famous works are Dodgeball, Tropic Thunder, and Zoolander. Stiller has also lent his voice to animated films such as Madagascar in which he voices the lion named Alex. His famous movie Zoolander may have gotten a less than well-received sequel in 2016 but it did feature Derek Zoolander’s son who looks an awful lot like Ben Stiller from 1979. It certainly is not uncommon for an athlete to become a movie star. We have seen it time and time again with wrestlers like The Rock and John Cena as well as other former athletes such as Terry Crews and Jason Statham. While Brad Pitt did not quite make it into the NBA before Hollywood, he was on the school basketball team in Springfield Missouri in 1977, well sort of. Brad Pitt and the other kids in the image were not good enough to make the final cut of the eighth-grade basketball team so Pitt decided to create his own team called the “Rejects.”He even got his father, Bill, to coach the team. Pitt was only fourteen-years-old when the photo was taken and can be seen sporting a “Rejects” jersey and a very '70s looking haircut.He is also holding a trophy which he would later swap out in 2013 for an Oscar which he accepted alongside the filmmakers for 12 Years a Slave. Thankfully, Pitt went for an acting career rather than a basketball career. Brad Pitt has starred in many popular movies during his career. He also married and divorced Angelina Jolie and won People’s Sexiest Man Alive contest twice. She may be an amazing actress today, but that was not always the case for Charlize Theron. Before she was playing Furiousa or Lorraine Broughton, she was just another teenager trying to make her way through high school.Many people hate their pictures from high school. Whether it was long hair on guys that they thought looked cool or too much make up for girls, headshots from high school are probably not something you would want to put on your LinkedIn account. In Theron’s case, her high school photo includes a pair of huge granny-type glasses.While being interviewed for the film Young Adult back in 2012, Charlize Theron noted, “I had these big nerdy round glasses that I cannot believe my mother sent me to school with.” She admitted that no boy even wanted to look at her and that she did not even have teeth until she was eleven-years-old. People maybe did not want anything to do with her in her school days, but Theron has certainly ended up on top. The year 2014 was great for Chris Pratt. Not only was he playing Andy Dwyer in the NBC favorite Parks and Recreation, but he also had two solid blockbusters come out as well.Chris Pratt voiced the character Emmet Brickowoski in Chris and Phil Lord’s The Lego Movie but also joined the Marvel Cinematic Universe. If you snag a role in a Marvel movie, you are obviously doing something right with your acting career. Chris Pratt did not just have a small role in the background of a Marvel movie, though. Pratt was the main character, Peter Quill/Star-lord, in Guardians of the Galaxy. As if being a Marvel star was not enough, Pratt also led the third Jurassic Park sequel called Jurassic World the following year. While Hollywood has certainly been good to Chris Pratt the last few years, things used to be a lot different.Prior to starting his acting journey, Pratt was living in Maui in a van that had Shaggy and Scooby-Doo painted on the side.Pratt worked very minimal hours at his job at Bubba Gump: Shrimp; only about 15-20 hours per week.His acting debut was in a short film called Cursed Part 3 by Rae Dawn Chong but has since grown to become one of the biggest celebrity A-listers. At the age of fourteen, Emma Stone convinced her family to move to California so that she could pursue her acting career. She even made a Powerpoint presentation, titled "Project Hollywood," which explained to her parents all of the reasons why it was a great idea.Not only did she convince her parents to move to Los Angeles, she also began to get roles relatively quickly. Emma Stone landed her first role in 2005 when she was only seventeen-years-old on the TV movie called The New Partridge Family.Throughout the 2000s, Stone got roles in comedies like Superbad, Zombieland, and Easy A but has moved up even further in Hollywood.She snagged the role of Gwen Stacy in The Amazing Spider-Man movies and even won an Oscar for her role in the almost Best Picture winner La La Land.While she has made quite the name for herself in Hollywood, this picture was taken fourteen years before she was nominated for her Academy Award. This photo from a 2004 Mardel Catalog showcases a sixteen-year-old Emma Stone in the educational section of the catalog.Emma Stone’s looks have changed a lot over the past several years but her wonderful smile has always been a constant in her appearance.If someone told you that this young lad would one day be Batman and win People’s Sexiest Man Alive Award twice, you would think they were crazy.While the image does not have a specified date, this childhood yearbook photo is no doubt, George Clooney.Appearing to only be about fourteen or fifteen-years-old, George Clooney still had a distinct look to him.Clooney has always had a strong jawline and even in his young age, he had a chin that would look great underneath a Batman cowl.Despite his distinct physical appearance, that haircut and those glasses were not doing Clooney any favors. Clooney may not have been the most handsome young adult but he certainly grew up to be a heartthrob winning the most attractive man alive wward in 1997 and 2006.Clooney has also won two Oscars in his lifetime one of which was shared for the film Argo but he also won the award for "Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role" for the film Syriana in 2006. He also played Batman in Joel Schumacher’s Batman & Robin. Thankfully, the movie came out the same year that he won the most attractive man award so the film did not completely ruin his year, but it was still a low point for Clooney.Jennifer Garner has been all over Hollywood ever since 1995. Jennifer Garner has been in an abundance of titles but is probably most known for her roles on the TV show Alias and the movies 13 Going on 30 and Daredevil.While starring in the atrocious superhero movie Daredevil and the even worse solo spin-off movie Elektra certainly put a damper on her career, she has continued to act and is still doing so to this day.While she has been in some memorable roles over the years, a lot of people mostly remember her longtime marriage to Ben Affleck.The couple was wed on June 29, 2005, but sadly divorced in April 2017. Both actors have moved on with Ben Affleck now dating SNL producer Lindsay Shookus and Jennifer Garner focusing on her career.Jennifer Garner has recently starred in the drama/romance Love, Simon but will also be starring in the film Peppermint this year and the American adaptation of the British TV show called Camping.While her career today is acting, she seems to have enjoyed band class in high school.As these photos from her yearbook show, Jennifer Garner was on her high school marching band and played the saxophone.While she mainly acts today, she did suit up in her marching band outfit and play the happy birthday song for Reese Witherspoon a few months back.Eric Marlon Bishop may not be a familiar name but Jamie Foxx certainly is. Foxx was born Eric Marlon Bishop on December 13, 1967, in Terrell Texas. Foxx was raised by adoptive parents in a racially segregated part of Texas.In high school, Jamie Foxx did not study theatre like many actors do, but instead, he played basketball, football, and the piano.Jamie Foxx began his musical career around the same time as his acting career. Foxx has recorded five studio albums, his last being “Hollywood: A Story of a Dozen Roses” in 2015.While he starred in many titles prior to 2004, his career hit one of its high points when he won an Oscar for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the movie Ray.Jamie Foxx has proven to be a very diverse actor starring in dramas, comedies, and even superhero flicks. Back in 2014, Jamie Foxx played Max Dillon, aka . Electro, in Marc Webb’s The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Foxx has also been a part of Oscar-bait movies like Django Unchained and Baby Driver. Foxx has no doubt been in some big titles but his yearbook photo would make you think differently.School picture day photographers often have to pose children in unnatural ways for the camera. Jamie Foxx seems to have chosen a pose where his jacket is thrown over his shoulder. The photo may not be that embarrassing, but that perm is something that Foxx probably wants to forget.Everybody has their own sense of humor, but most people will agree that Will Ferrell has starred in some of the funniest comedies in the past decade.Whether he is playing a race car driver, an anchorman, or a stepbrother, Will Ferrell always knows how to bring on the laughs.He started his acting career in 1995 and was a main cast member on Saturday Night Live. Ferrell was on SNL for seven years before he moved on to star in bigger things. SNL is often a stepping stone to bigger and better acting gigs and Will Ferrell was no exception to this.While he had starred in some comedies during his SNL journey, many more doors were opened for him when he left the show in 2002.Ferrell has starred in many films that were written by former SNL writer Adam McKay including Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgandy, Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby, and Step Brothers.With as funny of an actor as Will Ferrell can be, this picture from his senior prom makes a lot of sense. Will Ferrell can be seen sporting a tiara while being photographed with his date.Not many guys would have the guts to wear a tiara to a big school dance, but then again Will Ferrell is not like many guys.Krysten Ritter began acting at the age of twenty in 2001. She has been in titles such as Breaking Bad, in which she played Jesse Pinkman’s girlfriend, as well as the movie Big Eyes alongside Christoph Waltz and Amy Adams.In 2012, she got her own show from ABC called Don’t Trust the B---- In Apartment #23, but unfortunately, it was canceled after two seasons.While she was definitely known prior to Jessica Jones, her inclusion in the Marvel show shot her into the spotlight.With any Marvel title, fans are bound to go crazy, except for Inhumans. That show just kind of fizzled and went away. Jessica Jones, on the other hand, is regarded as one of Netflix’s great Marvel television shows.Alongside Daredevil, Luke Cage, Iron Fist, The Punisher, and The Defenders, Jessica Jones stacks up nicely compared to these other superhero shows.While Jessica Jones seems to be filling up most of her time, Ritter has also signed on for a movie called Fuddy Meers which is about a woman with short-term memory loss who relives the same events every day. This movie will also reunite her with her Jessica Jones co-star David Tennant.Ritter may be sporting a leather jacket and ripped jeans in Jessica Jones, but her younger self looked, let’s say, a lot more timid. Krysten Ritter posted the picture on the left to Instagram thanking her parents for the awful bowl-style hair do. At least she seems happy with her Glo Worm pajamas, though.Tom Hiddleston today may be a Hollywood heartthrob, but that was not always the case. Hiddleston attended two colleges when he was younger including Eton College and Pembroke College at the University of Cambridge. He also attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.While his career mainly involved TV shows and TV movies for the beginning part of his career, he turned into a Hollywood A-lister after Thor came out in 2011.Since then, his character of Loki has appeared in four other Marvel movies, including this year’s Avengers: Infinity War. Whenever someone is added on to a Marvel movie in a lead role, their career usually blows up because of Marvel’s fanbase.Since appearing in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Tom Hiddleston has landed roles in blockbusters like Muppets Most Wanted, Crimson Peak, and Kong: Skull Island.While his career has seemingly peaked with his MCU career, there is no telling what Hiddleston could do next. Right now he is even a front-runner to play the next James Bond after Daniel Craig’s departure.For the time being, we will just have to admire these pictures of a young Tom Hiddleston rocking some bright red hair in this unknown theatre production.Robert Downey Jr. may have been famous by the time this photo was taken, but for all the wrong reasons.From 1996-2001, Robert Downey Jr. had a massive problem with substance and alcohol. His father apparently was also addicted to substances when Downey Jr. was a child which led to him trying marijuana when he was only six-years-old. He was arrested multiple times, taken in and out of prison on more than one occasion, and lost multiple acting gigs, but thankfully he was able to turn his life around.Downey Jr. had certainly seen fame before his substances and alcohol abuse, however. He had starred in a handful of movies including Chaplin, in which he was nominated for the Academy Award for best actor in a leading role.After he became sober in 2003, Robert Downey Jr. started to turn his career around starring in movies such as Gothika in 2003, Kiss Kiss Bang Bang in 2005, and Zodiac in 2007. While he had had some big roles in the past, his biggest one would come in 2008 when he played Tony Stark a.k.a. Iron Man in Jon Favreau’s Iron Man. The movie not only made him one of Hollywood’s A-listers but also kicked off the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Jennifer Lawrence quickly became a Hollywood sweetheart almost as fast as everyone turned on her. One minute everyone was loving her for her comments on pizza and the next they were criticizing her for the way she acted when she was out and about in public. She used to be one of the most beloved actresses in Hollywood because of her quirky and relatable sense of humor. Lawrence always seemed to be making people laugh during interviews and award ceremonies by making a fool of herself usually by being clumsy. Besides her personality, there was, of course, her movies that gained her a lot of fans. Jennifer Lawrence was the face of The Hunger Games franchise as well as being a part of the X-Men series playing the young version of Mystique.Lawrence was also nominated for four Oscars and won in 2013 for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role for her work in Silver Linings Playbook. Her popularity eventually begun to spiral downwards after she continually showed a disregard for other people’s feelings and beliefs.One of her most disgraceful moments came when she scratched her behind on a set of sacred rocks in Hawaii. It was incredibly disrespectful for the natives who worshipped the stones, but she also jokes that she almost hurt one of the sound guys and destroyed their equipment. Whether you like Jennifer Lawrence or not, there is no doubt that this is one goofy picture of the actress.Now we know this image is from the movie The Outsiders but hear us out. While Tom Cruise’s look for the film was still picked out by the costume and wardrobe department, his teeth are 100% real.He may have a stunning smile today, but thirty-five years ago, this was his smile and let’s just say it was less than perfect. Cruise actually had a cap covering his chipped tooth prior to being cast in Francis Ford Coppola’s The Outsiders but decided to have it removed to make his character seem more authentic. He also refrained from showering for long periods of time which his coworkers were probably less than thrilled with.Today, Cruise has a bright smile but it was quite the opposite before he had dental work done to realign and whiten his teeth. Tom Cruise is mostly known for his movies Risky Business, Top Gun, and Minority Report. Cruise has also been in the long-time franchise Mission Impossible which started in 1996 and is currently still going.Mission: Impossible- Fallout will be hitting theaters at the end of July which will allow you to not only see his bright smile, but him performing his own incredible stunts as well. You may know Jennifer Aniston as Rachel Green from friends but she wasn’t always someone who was instantly recognized on the streets.This photo of Jennifer Aniston from 1987 shows her as a Freshman attending prom at Rudolf Steiner School with a boy named Clemens Wust.While Aniston still looks pretty in the photo, her hair-do gives the 80s time frame away. Most people also find their prom pictures to be embarrassing so even if fans don’t see it as embarrassing, Aniston probably does. It may not happen with a lot of celebrities but Jennifer Aniston has only gotten more attractive as time has gone on. She was once married to Brad Pitt for five years in the early 2000s and then to Justin Theroux for two years but neither marriage lasted. Brad Pitt also divorced Angelina Jolie a few years back and rumors are starting to circulate that Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt are actually back together.It may just be a rumor for now, but it is exciting news for anybody who was cheering for them back in the 2000s. Aniston has developed her acting ability a lot since she started acting in 1988, but her appearance has had an even more drastic change. Before he was winning Oscars and making awful Thor: Ragnarok cameos, Matt Damon was starring in high school theatre productions and making adorable photos for his future fans to enjoy. This specific example comes from 1989 when Damon was starring as Humpty Dumpty in a school theatre production.Damon may not be instantly recognizable underneath the big costume, but his intense gaze is something straight out of a Jason Bourne movie. Matt Damon has been longtime friends with Ben Affleck, whom he wrote and starred in Good Will Hunting with. Damon actually wrote one of the first drafts of Good Will Hunting in his English class while attending Harvard. His hard work with his writing paid off and in 1998 he won an Academy Award for Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen. He was also nominated that year for Best Actor in a Leading Role but ended up losing to Jack Nicholson for his role in As Good as It Gets.Besides his one Oscar win, Damon was also nominated for his acting in 2010 for Invictus and  2016 for The Martian. Needless to say, Matt Damon has come a long way from playing Humpty Dumpty. Russell Brand may be just as much of an A-lister in England as he is in Hollywood. Brand had been acting in many English productions until 2008 at which time he started staring in more American movies.Through the years, Brand has starred in many movies and television shows as well as hosted many stand-up comedy sketches. While he was well known in England for quite some time, he was relatively unheard of in the United States until 2008.In 2008, Russell Brand starred in Forgetting Sarah Marshall, a comedy starring Kristen Bell and Jason Segel. The film was relatively well received and even got a spin-off titled Get Him to the Greek, which starred Russell Brand as rock legend Aldous Snow as well as Jonah Hill. Brand may be known for his acting and comedic abilities, he was also thrown into the spotlight when he started dating, and eventually married pop star Katy Perry.The two were divorced two years later but it none the less got them publicity. Russell Brand also has a history of substance and alcohol addiction; the worst of which being heroin. Brand is currently sober and is often on radio stations talking about serious political and cultural issues. Out of anybody on this list, Brand may have the most dramatic transformation. His appearance has always changed throughout the years, but this image of a teenage Russell Brand is almost unrecognizable to the Russell Brand we all know and love. Halle Maria Berry was born in Cleveland Ohio as Maria Halle Berry. She was raised by her mother after her father left the picture. Berry has commented on her father many times, explaining how her father would harm her mother on a daily basis. Her childhood was rough growing up but that did not seem to affect her school life. Berry was a cheerleader for Bedford High School as well as an honor student and prom queen.The photo that can be seen above features a young Halle Berry doing the splits and raising two large pom-poms above her head. Halle Berry began her acting career journey in 1989 for the TV series Living Dolls, but not before she ran out of money and had to live in a homeless shelter. Since 1989, Berry has been in a number of hit franchises including the X-Men and 007 films. Halle Berry plays Ororo Munroe better known as Storm in four of the X-Men movies. She also played the Bond girl Jinx Johnson in Die Another Day which also marked Pierce Brosnan’s last movie as 007.She also starred in the horrible Catwoman movie by Pitof but also earned an Oscar in 2002 for Monster’s Ball, so it all equals out in the end. If you are a fan of Marvel movies, you know of Gwyneth Paltrow. Paltrow, of course, plays Pepper Potts in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.She first appeared in Iron Man as Tony Stark’s personal assistant, but later evolved into his love interest as well as the Chief Executive Officer of Stark Industries.Paltrow started acting when she was seventeen-years-old. Her first role was in a TV movie called High but her first feature film was Shout, which starred John Travolta as an enthusiastic music teacher named Jack Cabe.Gwyneth Paltrow was also one of the many women who accused Harvey Weinstein of misconduct. In Paltrow’s case, Weinstein apparently asked her up to his hotel room and attempted to massage her but Paltrow left before things escalated.Reports have also come out recently stating that Brad Pitt threatened to hurt Weinstein when he found out what he did to Paltrow since they were dating at the time. On a lighter note, here is an old photo of Gwyneth Paltrow acting goofy. Not only does she have a giggly look on her face but she is also wearing braces. Paltrow’s smile today could light up a whole room but there was a time when a young Gwyneth Paltrow was in need of braces. ---Do you know of any other embarrassing photos of celebrities before they became famous? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Harry Potter series has given birth to a number of A-list stars like Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson over the years. However, it also including a number of cast members who were famous before they joined this magical franchise. Actors like Alan Rickman and Ralph Fiennes already had a decent number of fans before they were cast as Snape and Voldemort, but there's no doubt that the Harry Potter franchise helped their careers quite a bit.The current franchise of the Wizarding World, Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them, has received quite a bit of attention (for better or for worse) for featuring Johnny Depp as the primary antagonist of the movies, Grindelwald. Despite Depp's controversial past, he has a strong history of being a box office draw for movies like Pirates of the Caribbean and Alice in Wonderland, so it's likely that Depp will help to keep the Fantastic Beasts franchise a financial success.While Depp may be one of the biggest actors to ever join the Harry Potter franchise, he wasn't the only A-list star to be considered over the years. A number of well known Hollywood icons nearly played roles in the Harry Potter franchise, yet they just didn't get the chance. Some of these actors turned down the role, whereas others were barred from entering the franchise due to restrictions from J.K. Rowling herself.With this in mind, here are the 10 A-Listers Who Were Almost In Harry Potter Movies.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewWhen Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone first started its casting process, Robin Williams wanted in. Williams had previously worked with director Chris Columbus in Mrs. Doubtfire and was hoping that Columbus could secure him the role of the lovable half-giant Hagrid. Unfortunately, Williams was turned down because, as part of author J.K. Rowling's agreement to allow the books to be adapted to film, all of the actors cast in the movie needed to be from the UK, whereas Williams from the US.“Robin [Williams] had called [Chris Columbus] because he really wanted to be in the movie, but it was a [UK]-only edict, and once he said 'no' to Robin, he wasn’t going to say 'yes' to anybody else, that’s for sure,” casting director Liam Aiken later explained. “It couldn’t be.”Back in the early days of Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World and Superbad star Michael Cera was offered the role of Jacob Kowalski, the charmingly humorous No-Maj who Newt Scamander encounters in New York City who joins Newt for the rest of his adventure. Cera turned down the role, however, and instead took the role of Dick Grayson / Robin in The LEGO Batman Movie.Presumably, both of these roles would have paid about the same, so it would have been a lot easier for Cera to do a voice role than to co-star in a live-action fantasy that would take about 5 months to shoot. The role was later given to Dan Fogler, who gave a rather different, yet certainly enjoyable, interpretation of the character.Ian McKellen earned a name for himself when he portrayed Gandalf the Grey in the Lord of the Rings franchise. However, in 2002, McKellen was offered the opportunity to play Albus Dumbledore in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban after the passing of original Dumbledore actor Richard Harris. Ultimately, McKellen turned down the role due to some bad blood between himself and the late Harris.Following the release of the Lord of the Rings movies, Harris had spoken up about the franchise and called everyone involved "technically brilliant, but passionless." McKellen took Harris' insult to heart, and didn't feel right taking over for Harris posthumously. “When they called me up and said would I be interested in being in the Harry Potter films, they didn’t say in what part,” McKellen recalled in an interview. “I worked out what they were thinking, and I couldn’t.”Kate Winslet has become something of Hollywood royalty over the past couple decades, with movies like Titanic and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind making her into one of the most sought-after actresses in the business. With this in mind, it's only natural that Warner Bros. Pictures would have wanted her to join the Harry Potter franchise as well, if only for a brief moment.Rumor has it that Warner Bros. attempted to contact Winslet for the role of Helena Ravenclaw, but her agent shot down the offer before it even reached the A-list actress. Presumably, Winslet was disinterested in being in a franchise at the time, as she had yet to appear in a franchise movie. While it would have been cool to have seen Winslet appear in the Harry Potter series, the role of Helena Ravenclaw was probably too small of a part for such a huge actress anyways.When Warner Bros. was looking for new actors to bring in for Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Narnia and Doctor Strange actress Tilda Swinton was approached to take on the role of the wacky Divination professor Sybill Trelawney. It was never made public why Swinton turned down this role, but it may have had something to do with the fact that she thought quite poorly of the Harry Potter franchise.Swinton's disapproval of Harry Potter didn't have anything to do with the witches and wizards of the franchise as much as it had to do with their portrayal of boarding schools. “I think [boarding schools] are a very cruel setting in which to grow up and I don’t feel children benefit from that type of education,” Swinton explained. “Children need their parents. That’s why I dislike films like Harry Potter, which tend to romanticize such places.”While Academy Award-winning actor Eddie Redmayne may now be the star of the Fantastic Beasts series, he was actually looking to join the groundbreaking franchise quite a bit sooner. With only one previous acting credit under his belt, college-aged Eddie Redmayne actually auditioned to play the younger version of Tom Riddle in 2002's Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.“I actually auditioned to play Tom Riddle when I was back at university," Redmayne revealed in 2016. "I properly failed and didn’t get a call back. Over the years, I always hoped I might be cast as a member of the Weasley family, but unfortunately not.” Fortunately, opportunity did arise for Redmayne in this magical franchise, even if it was about 14 years after his first Harry Potter audition.Back when the first Harry Potter movie was in its early adaptation phases, J.K. Rowling was actually approached to make a cameo appearance in the movie herself. Warner Bros. was hoping that Rowling would accept the small role of Lily Potter, who appeared in the movie only in silent flashbacks and in the reflection in the Mirror of Erised.Rowling turned down this opportunity, saying she wasn't cut out for acting. In the long run, this was probably a good decision. While it would've been fun to have seen Rowling make cameo appearances throughout the franchise, similarly to the late Stan Lee's cameos, casting her as Lily Potter would not have been the right way to do it. Though it may have seemed like a fitting role, considering that Rowling did in a way give birth to Harry Potter, Lily's brief appearances were always emotional moments. Turning these emotional moments into campy cameos would have ruined the scenes.Golden Globe winning actor Hugh Grant was nearly one of Harry Potter's most notorious Defense Against The Dark Arts professors, Gilderoy Lockhart. The role of this egotistical, lying professor was offered to, and accepted by, Love Actually star Hugh Grant for Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Unfortunately, after accepting the role, Grant was forced to later give it up when he realized that the production schedule for Chamber of Secrets actually conflicted with another one of his movies at the time.The role was later given to Kenneth Branagh, who went above and beyond with the role. While it would've been interesting to have seen Hugh Grant's portrayal of Lockhart, most fans seem pleased with the amount of charm that Branagh brought to the role.Back in 2015, when Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them was in the late stages of its casting process, a short list of actors being considered for the lead roles of Newt, Tina, Jacob and Queenie was leaked across the web. This list included the actors who later got the parts, like Eddie Redmayne and Katherine Waterson, but it also included a few other recognizable names that didn't end up in the franchise.As it turns out, former child star Dakota Fanning was actually considered for the role of Tina's quirky, Legilimen younger sister, Queenie Goldstein. Fanning certainly would have brought a bit more star power to the movie, but the role was ultimately given to Alison Sudol. This decision probably had something to do with the age difference between the two actresses, as Sudol is ten years older than Fanning.Back in mid-2015, Warner Bros. reportedly had their eyes on two different actors for the role of Newt's No-Maj friend, Jacob Kowalski. The first actor they were considering was Michael Cera, who was later offered the role, but turned it down in favor of The LEGO Batman Movie. The second actor was Josh Gad, who is best known for his voice role of Olaf in Frozen.According to Variety, Gad even met with some of the executives at Warner Bros. to negotiate the role. It's unclear why Gad did not end up with the role, but it may have had something to do with his commitment to Disney's live-action Beauty and the Beast, which would've wrapped production right as Fantastic Beasts's 5 month long production began, giving Gad no time to relax between the two movies.During the casting process for the younger version of Albus Dumbledore in Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald, Jude Law ultimately got the part, but he was not the only A-lister to be considered for the role. Academy Award winner and former Batman actor Christian Bale was reportedly considered for the role, and was actually one of the top picks for Dumbledore before Jude Law was decided upon.In hindsight, while Bale may have been great in the role, it seems unlikely that he would've taken it had he been offered. After starring in the Dark Knight trilogy, Bale has tried to separate himself from franchises after many people only saw him as "Batman" rather than as a versatile actor. More than likely, Bale would not want to risk being type-cast again by becoming Dumbledore.Most people do not think of her acting career when they hear about Kate Upton, but alas, the Sports Illustrated model has earned herself eight acting credits since 2010, including some rather big name projects like The Other Woman and Robot Chicken. A few years back, Upton's acting career nearly skyrocketed, as she was one of the top actresses being considered for the role of Tina Goldstein in Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them.More than likely, Upton was passed on not just because of her limited acting résumé at the time, but also due to the fact that most people would only ever see her as Kate Upton in the movie, rather than the character she would be playing. This seemed to be the thought process for casting a number of the roles in Fantastic Beasts, as many A-list actors were passed on in favor of lesser known faces in Hollywood.While Tom Felton did end up in the Harry Potter franchise, he was not cast in the role he had auditioned for. Back during the casting stages of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Felton wanted to play the role of Harry Potter. While he didn't get it, the casting team liked him so much that they still kept him on board to portray Harry's nemesis, Draco Malfoy.Fortunately, Felton didn't really have any bad blood with Radcliffe regarding the casting decision. In fact, years later, he was actually glad that he was cast as Malfoy rather than as Harry. "I'm very grateful I am in the film at all, but even more grateful that I got the character of Draco," Felton said in 2011. "I think Rupert [Grint] and Dan [Radcliffe], there's no question in my mind, there's no one else in the world that, A) could have played the character better, but B) could have handled the behind-the-scenes pressure those guys have dealt with over the last decade."Yet another A-list actress who was considered for Queenie Goldstein was former Twilight star Kristen Stewart. While Stewart has proven herself to be a decent actress in recent years, it's actually understandable why she wasn't offered the part. After Twilight, Stewart does bring a bit of attention to whatever movies she stars in, but it's not always the best kind of attention, as her casting could have actually led some people to not take Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them seriously.Noticeably, the role of Queenie is quite different from most of Stewart's roles in the past, as Queenie is bright and optimistic in Fantastic Beasts. While it's uncommon to see Stewart take on a role like this, she more than likely would have actually dealt with it well, with Queenie hypothetically going on to be one of the brightest roles Stewart would have ever played.Back before Harry and the rest of the gang were cast in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, there was one A-list actress who nearly joined the Harry Potter franchise as Ron Weasley's mother - Rosie O'Donnell. While the role was ultimately given to Julie Walters, there was quite a bit of talk that O'Donnell would get the part, and O'Donnell even seemed to be on board for the role."I just think it's absolutely enchanting and I would love to be a part of it," O'Donnell revealed before the final casting decision was made. "I think it's going to go down in history as a Wizard Of Oz-type epic for the next generation." While it's now difficult to imagine anyone but Walters as the matriarch of the Weasley family, it would've been interesting to have seen O'Donnell's take on the role.While Alan Rickman was clearly the perfect choice for Severus Snape, being handpicked by J.K. Rowling herself, the role was actually offered to Pulp Fiction actor Tim Roth first. Roth considered the role, but decided to follow a different project instead. The role was then offered to Rickman, who became the first actor officially cast in the franchise."Alan took it and ran with it and that was that. It was very different from what I was planning to do with the character, and that's OK," Roth said. "Do I regret it? I don't know if I ever think about things that way. If I had done it, everything would have changed. That's the nature of the randomness of life. It would have been nice to have a 7 year gig, that's a nice and comforting space to be in. But no, I think the better man for the job did the job."Benedict Cumberbatch was yet another A-list actor who was nearly cast as the young Albus Dumbledore in Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald. Much like Jude Law, Cumberbatch is a widely revered actor who surely would've brought a great amount of wisdom to the role of Dumbledore had he been cast.While Cumberbatch surely would have done wonders in the role, even if Warner Bros. did decide to cast him, it's actually quite unlikely that he would've been able to take the role. The Crimes of Grindelwald shot around the same time as Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers: Endgame, meaning that there would've been some scheduling conflicts. Even if Marvel and Warner Bros. could've worked something out for the actor's schedule, Cumberbatch's Dumbledore beard would not have been real in Crimes of Grindelwald, as he would've needed to keep his goatee as Doctor Strange during that time.While Drew Barrymore wasn't cast as any particular character in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, she was actually given a small part in the movie. While the exact details are still unknown, it has been revealed that Barrymore was featured in a cameo appearance in the first Harry Potter movie, but the scene ended up being cut from the final movie, much to Barrymore's regret.Barrymore was so heartbroken over losing her Harry Potter cameo that she actually pushed for it to be referenced in Charlie's Angels. At Barrymore's request, a particular flashback scene in Charlie's Angels features Barrymore dressed in black wizards robes and wearing Harry Potter-esque glasses just to give Barrymore the Harry Potter cameo she always wanted.Back before the release of Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince, a number of rumors circulated the web, claiming that King Kong actress Naomi Watts had been cast as the matriarch of the Malfoy family, Narcissa Malfoy. According to some later rumors, the role was ultimately shot down by Watts' agency before Watts even caught wind of it. As it turns out, however, Watts would have been quite interested in playing the role, or at least taking some role in the Harry Potter franchise."Yeah! I have read some of the Harry Potter books… I would love [to be part of the franchise]," Watts said. "My son would like that, so that would be a good way to impress him... But it would have to depend on all what the role is."During the early stages of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Star Wars actor Alec Guinness was actually one of the top choices to play Hogwarts headmaster Albus Dumbledore. Unfortunately, during the casting process, Guinness endured some health issues. He ended up passing away shortly before the movie's production began.Guinness undoubtedly would have blown the role of Dumbledore out of the water, just as he did with Obi-Wan in the original Star Wars trilogy. However, even if he was in full health at the time, he may not have taken the role. Like many other actors, Guinness was not a big fan of franchises. He even despised the Star Wars franchise and only took the role of Obi-Wan for the money. Thanks to the share he received from merchandising profit, money was no longer an issue for Guinness after that point, so he more than likely would've turned down any inclusion in the Harry Potter franchise.---Are there any other A-listers who were almost cast in Harry Potter movies? Sound off in the comment section!
Tags:
harry potter,
fantastic beasts
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Fans love when their favorite on-screen couples also turn out to be dating in real life. Even though what happens on the small screen (or silver screen) is fiction, people get super attached to the characters and the actors who play them.It's exciting to know that the affection we saw on-screen might have created some real feelings once the cameras stopped rolling.A lot of the biggest names in Hollywood right now met and started their relationships on movie sets. Some beloved on- and off-screen couples have ended their relationships lately, like Jenna Dewan-Tatum and Channing Tatum, but others have been going strong now for decades.Romantic love isn't the only thing that can blossom on the job, though. We love talking about people who fell in love on set, but sometimes even better stories come from people who are best friends behind the scenes.Hollywood is home to a lot of strong friendships that have had to weather career challenges, tabloid rumors, and all of the other ups and downs that come with living a life in the public eye. You know you've got a friend for life if you can make it through all of that.So which A-Listers are actually dating in real life, and which ones are just really fantastic friends? We've got a catch-all list for you right here.Read on to learn the 9 A-Listers Who Are Dating In Real Life (And 9 Who Are Just Best Friends).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIf you had to pick a pair of celebrities at random who you thought were dating secretly, you'd probably pick a pair of co-stars -- or at the very least, people who had been spotted together often.It's not uncommon for the co-stars of a movie or television show to end up together. After all, they spend a lot of time in each other's company, and often form bonds away from the set.Most people don't expect celebrities from two opposite ends of show business to end up together.When Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas announced their engagement last fall, it came as a shock to fans of both celebrities. Although they'd been dating since the fall of 2016, they'd done a very good job of keeping their relationship private and out of the public eye.It also seemed like two worlds colliding. While Turner is best known for playing Sansa on the globally popular Game of Thrones, Jonas is best known for being one-third of the Jonas Brothers.The two are reportedly super happy. Jonas' dad says that Turner already feels like part of the family, and last month the couple got matching tattoos.The only ones who aren't thrilled about the news are people who want to see Maisie Williams (Arya) and Turner together -- but don't worry, Williams will be a bridesmaid at the wedding.Speaking of co-stars who people think are dating, people have been shipping Chris Evans and Scarlett Johansson for ages now.They haven't just been co-stars of the Avengers movies, though the franchise has definitely helped bring them together often. They've been working together on various movies since they were teenagers, long before they were the humongous stars they are today. (Anyone remember The Perfect Score?)Since Evans announced his split from Jenny Slate and ScarJo finalized her divorce with Romain Dauriac last year, Marvel fans have been hoping that the two would get together.They've even got a ship name -- Evansson. The fans are only fueled by how well Evans and Johansson get along.It's clear from interviews, press events, and red carpet photos that the two are super close. However, sorry, shippers, they're not dating -- they're just fantastic friends.Both actors have nothing but glowing admiration for one another and are known to hang out together when they're not working. They've even thrown parties together for the crew of the Marvel movies. Maybe their off-screen friendship has helped them create the platonic bonds between Cap and Black Widow on set of the Avengers franchise.Since the Jon and Daenerys' ship took off during the latest season of Game of Thrones, some fans have already forgotten the original woman everyone wanted Jon to marry.Back in season three of the show, we watched Jon and the wildling Ygritte slowly fall in love. The catch? Jon was still secretly aligned with the Night's Watch while pretending to be a defector.This led to a pretty painful encounter when Ygritte literally shot him out of anger -- but it wasn't as painful as her passing in a climactic battle at the Wall.Fans who are still on the Jon/Ygritte train can rejoice, because Kit Harington and Rose Leslie -- the actors who portray both characters -- have just as much chemistry in real life.They started dating after meeting on the show years ago and are now happily engaged. Both actors are intensely private, but you can see how much they care about one another in small moments on red carpets or in interviews.Leslie has no tolerance for spoilers, though. She's said that when Harington gets a new script for the last season of Game of Thrones, she kicks him out of the house so that he can't accidentally spoil it for her. She wants to experience it just like everyone else.Most movie buffs got to know and love both Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon-Levitt through the 2009 hit film 500 Days of Summer.However, they first met each other a full decade before the movie was released, on the set of a different movie. They starred in a small indie movie called Manic back in 2001 and have been friends ever since.Deschanel said that they bonded over a mutual love of for Harry Nilsson and Nina Simone and called him "one of her dearest friends," saying that she hoped to make another thousand movies with him.Gordon-Levitt is just as complimentary when he's asked about Deschanel. They love watching movies together and sharing music recommendations since they share similar tastes. The two of them also apparently love making music together. For New Year's Eve in 2011, they sang a cover of "What Are You Doing New Year's Eve?" and uploaded it to YouTube for all the rest of us regular people to enjoy. It's truly the cutest friendship ever.Since their chemistry on-screen was so great, fans of 500 Days of Summer wanted the pair to date in real life as well. Although they might not be romantically involved, they remain great friends to this day.Ryan Reynolds used to be married to another star on our list. He and Scarlett Johansson were married for a brief moment in time -- they started dating in 2007, got hitched in 2008, but were divorced by the end of 2010.If you follow him on Twitter, though, you know that the ending of that relationship opened the door for his current marriage to Blake Lively.It's hard to miss them on social media since they tease each other all the time. Lively was the one who started trolling her husband on Instagram before the release of Deadpool, teasing him about suggestive Deadpool photo shoots and his love for Helen Mirren.Now they've had a back-and-forth war going on for the past few years, cutting each other out of birthday photos and proclaiming their love and admiration for everyone but each other.Ironically, this just makes it even more obvious how much fun they have together.When they're taking a rare moment to be serious, they're open about how a strong friendship is the basis of their romantic relationship.They also have two young kids together -- Ines and James. We wonder if they'll grow up with the same sense of humor that their parents have.Anyone who watched the Disney channel in 2008 is familiar with how Demi Lovato burst onto the scene. She got her big break in the DCOM Camp Rock, alongside all three of the Jonas Brothers.Although Joe Jonas played her love interest in the movie (and later dated her for a month), it was Nick Jonas who would later be the subject of a lot of gossip surrounding his relationship status with Lovato.The two have been very close friends for a decade now, even going on tour together back in 2016. They've been very specific that their friendship is purely platonic, which they insist on every time someone asks.The release of Lovato's new album last year brought all the rumors roaring back. The song "Ruin the Friendship", where she sings about ruining a friendship to have something more, seemed to have a lot of allusions to a certain Jonas brother.Eagle-eyed fans noticed that one line of the song even spells out "Nick/Demi" when you take the first letter of each word.While this might turn into a romance down the road, right now the stars say that they're still just friends. Guess the friendship hasn't been totally ruined yet.The relationship between Emma Roberts and Evan Peters has been...rocky, to say the very least. Although they've had some nasty breakups over the years, for now, it seems like they're back together.Emma Roberts is known for shows like Scream Queens, while Evan Peters is best known for his role as Quicksilver in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Apocalypse. Although both of them have had lead roles on American Horror Story, that's not how they got together. They first met when filming the movie Adult World in 2012.Some outlets reported that they started dating on set, but Roberts says they didn't start dating until some time after production ended.Not long after that, though, the couple made headlines for a domestic violence dispute. Guests at a hotel they were staying at called the police after hearing a fight coming from the hotel room Roberts and Peters were sharing.Roberts was arrested, but Peters decided not to press charges. They got engaged five months after the fiasco, but then broke up two years later in 2015. They later got back together...then split up again, deleting all social media posts of the two of them.They've reportedly been together without incident since September 2016. We have our fingers crossed for them.If the co-stars of the romantic drama of the nineties had fallen in love in real life, the tabloids would have had a field day.Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet might not be a couple, but they are extremely close friends in real life. They met on the set of Titanic over twenty years ago now.They've stayed friends across the years -- Winslet was even there, teary-eyed, when DiCaprio finally won his Oscar.Winslet knows that people are disappointed that Jack and Rose never got together in real life as so many fans have hoped. In interviews, she's said that their relationship has never been romantic.This should be a good thing for fans of them both, though, because it means that there's never been an opportunity for their close friendship to go up in flames. (Maybe that's what's stopping Nick and Demi.)They even quote lines from the Titanic script to each other every once in awhile just because they can.DiCaprio has also gushed about their friendship and has even called Winslet the best actress of her generation. Since they met in their early twenties, they've grown up in the industry together and have been each other's support system as they tried to navigate their careers.They never hesitate to support one another whether they're on or off-camera. Now that's friendship.Out of all of the stars on our list, whether best friends or IRL couples, Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell probably have the most history together.They met long before some of the celebrities on this list were even born -- in 1968, on the set of The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band.Hawn has said in interviews that she instantly took a liking to Russell, but it didn't go anywhere -- he was only 16, while she was 21. After filming wrapped, they both went their separate ways.Hawn won an Oscar the very next year, while Russell slowly worked his way up the Hollywood ranks. They both married and divorced other people.Then, in 1983, they met again at an audition for Swing Shift. They've been together ever since. Years after they first met, they starred together once again in the 1987 movie Overboard, where they got to pretend to fall in love all over again.More recently, they earned their stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame together, and seem to be as wildly in love as ever all these years later.Whenever the two of them write a relationship advice book, we're sure that it would be a bestseller.Breakups are rough. It can be hard to immediately be friends with someone who you were very close to for years, especially if feelings are stronger on one side than the other.Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield, though, set the perfect example of how to be supportive friends even after a relationship ends.The Amazing Spider-Man costars did date for years after meeting to film the movie in 2010. Both were in relationships at the time, but after news broke that the two had independently ended their previous relationships, rumors started to swirl that they were secretly dating.It took them months to confirm it, but once they did, they were almost annoyingly cute. They were together for roughly four years before reps confirmed that they had split back in 2015.Since then, there have been rumors of the two of them getting back together, but it seems as though they're keeping their relationship platonic.Stone has said that Garfield is still someone she loves very much, and Garfield gave Stone a standing ovation when she won the Golden Globe for Best Actress in 2017.Also, don't ask Garfield if there's any competition between the two -- he's adamant that he's very supportive and Stone's biggest fan.Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes have been in a relationship for more than six years, but they're so intensely private that there's a good chance you had no idea.Gosling seems to be romantically linked to Emma Stone more often than he is to his actual partner in real life. (Thanks, La La Land.)They met while filming the 2012 movie The Place Beyond The Pines. As the movie was filming and even after production had wrapped, scattered photos of the two of them sharing sweet moments began to surface online.They keep their relationship so under the radar that people were shocked when Gosling and Mendes announced that they were expecting their first kid together. Their first baby was born in September 2014, and they welcomed their second in April 2016.In the few interviews where they do speak about one another, they're so obviously head-over-heels in love that it's almost sickeningly cute.Gosling has said that he knows Mendes is the person he's supposed to be with and famously thanked her for her love and support in his Golden Globes acceptance speech last year.The most private celebrity couples also seem to last the longest, so we're hoping the same holds true for Gosling and Mendes.Depending on which story you read back in 2016, you might have heard that Aziz Ansari was rudely "friendzoned" by Jennifer Lawrence.The two actors are very good friends, but not because Ansari was trying to date JLaw. They really are just good friends. (That doesn't generate as juicy a headline, though, so friendzoned it was.)Ansari and Lawrence frequently hang out with Amy Schumer, but they also spend time together one-on-one. A very lucky photographer snapped a shot of Lawrence giving Ansari a piggyback ride to his car after an SNL afterparty, and they've been spotted together in dive bars eating nachos and living their best lives. We can't say we blame them.Master of None and Parks and Recreation star Ansari has called Lawrence "hilarious and charming" and has spoken about their friendship in interviews.The funniest moment he's shared, though, was probably when he admitted to being high while watching a documentary that Lawrence had narrated. It's got to be weird being out of your mind and then hearing your friend's disembodied voice coming from the TV.We can only hope that this friendship gifts us with an amazing buddy comedy movie in the near future. Please?America has a love affair with cute couples. They make it easy for us to not only want to be them, but also to want to be best friends with them. Social media has only made our creeping easier.When it comes to cute couples in Hollywood, Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard are definitely at the top of the list.They met at a friend's party in 2007, and to hear them tell it, sparks didn't exactly immediately fly. It might have something to do with the fact that the two of them are complete opposites. (You know what they say...)Shepard was known for joke shows like Punk'd and was struggling with substance abuse, while Bell is the epitome of a good Catholic girl who follows all the rules. The second time they met, however, something changed.They got engaged in late 2009, but decided not go actually tie the knot until same-sex marriage was legal in California. They got married in the most low-key ceremony ever in October 2013 -- so low-key that it was at a courthouse and cost less than $200.They have two young kids together and are as cute as ever in 2018.If you're a fan of pop music, it's been pretty impossible to avoid mention of either Shawn Mendes or Camila Cabello.Mendes' latest single has been topping the charts lately, while Cabello's first solo album went straight to number one earlier this year. (Not to mention how long everyone spent singing Havana ooh na na under their breaths last year. Yep, that song's hers.)What you might not know, however, is that the two are very close friends.They first met back in 2015, when Cabello's career with Fifth Harmony was just starting to take off. Later that year, they released a song together, "I Know What You Did Last Summer".While they haven't released music together since then, they're still very close friends. Mendes has called Cabello his "favorite person in the whole world" and has nothing but kind words to say about her music.Cabello also recently shared a photo collage of the two of them on her Instagram after Mendes came to her show in Toronto."Shawmila" fans are dying to see the two of them date, and the shippers only gain strength every time a kind word is shared.Don't believe the rumors, though-- Cabello and Mendes are just "real friends."Yes, they are dating again, in case you didn't know.We've been here before, in the days before Miley ditched her Hannah Montana Disney image and announced that she was a woman by twerking on Robin Thicke.The Disney star met Liam Hemsworth (who you probably know as Gale from The Hunger Games) on the set of her 2010 movie The Last Song, one of her last acting gigs before refocusing her attention on her music career.Not only did they date on and off for a few years, but they announced their engagement in 2012... before their relationship famously went up in flames in 2013.Although we did get the song "Wrecking Ball" out of the whole fiasco.After some time for both to rediscover themselves and what they wanted from relationships, they rekindled their relationship in 2016. Cyrus officially announced that they were engaged again on Ellen in October 2016. Tabloids have been trying to dig up any proof that they got secretly married away from the public eye, but they haven't had any luck yet.Chris Hemsworth has gone on the record to say that they're not married, but that Cyrus does feel like a member of their family either way.Like DiCaprio and Winslet, Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd go way back. They've been friends since they met as wannabe actors in L.A. (Imagine what it must be like for you and your friend to independently become globally famous.)Later, they starred together for the first time in the 1998 movie The Object of My Affection. They've worked together a few times since then.Rudd joined the cast of Friends as a minor character in 2002, but their biggest reunion was for the 2012 movie Wanderlust. Aniston spoke about her friendship with Rudd when she was on the press tour for the movie. She credits him for being one of the reasons filming the movie was so much fun since he's a "dear friend" who she loves.We can imagine that it definitely helps your comedic timing when you already have a natural rapport with your costar. Some people have taken her comments to mean that there's something else going on between her and Rudd, but don't hold your breath on that one.Rudd has been happily married with two kids since 2003, and he and Aniston are just fine being pals.People make couple nicknames all the time, but what nickname do you give two people who already have famous nicknames? We don't have a couple name for JLo and A-Rod, but we do know that they're one of the biggest couples in Hollywood.Jennifer Lopez, of course, is one of the biggest stars on the planet, known for her equally successful acting and music careers.Alex Rodriguez, on the other hand, is widely considered one of the greatest baseball players of all time. They make for one heck of a power couple.They first met at a Yankees game in 2005, when Lopez was still with her now ex-husband Marc Anthony. Little did either of them know that years later, they'd be in a committed relationship and discussing their blended family.Both of them have children from their previous relationships who seem to be adjusting well to their parents' new high-profile relationship.Lopez' new song "El Anillo" set off a frenzy of speculation that the two might be ringing wedding bells sometime soon since the song is so clearly about their relationship.Lopez says she's in no rush to walk down the aisle again, though, and they seem to be happy with their relationship just the way it is.Before joining the Spider-Man: Homecoming cast, Zendaya was already a star in her own right. She had a successful career on Disney Channel first on Shake It Up and later as the star of K.C. Undercover.The Spider-Man movie was her movie breakthrough, though, along with fellow breakout star Tom Holland.In Homecoming, Zendaya plays "MJ," Peter Parker's loner classmate who always seems to be watching from the sidelines. By the end of the movie, they end up as friends, though the movie hints that it could potentially become something more in sequels.While filming the movie, Holland and Zendaya became great friends in real life as well.They frequently feature on each other's social media profiles since they make a point to hang out, even though Holland is based in the U.K. and Zendaya is from the U.S.Fans of both actors are convinced that the two are secretly dating because their chemistry on and off-screen is so great, even going so far as to dedicate entire blogs and Twitter accounts to detailing every interaction between the two.Both Holland and Zendaya maintain that they are fantastic friends, but not in a romantic relationship-- and honestly, can't two people of opposite genders just be best friends?---Were you surprised by any of the couples on our list? What are your favorite celebrity best friend pairs? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Hollywood can be cruel. There are millions of aspiring actors looking for their big break, but those who get it aren’t always on easy street. The industry is full of has-beens, the almost anointed, and burn outs.aSometimes failure is the actor’s fault. It’s not for nothing that rehab and the public apology are staples of celebrity culture.Take T.J. Miller, for example. What should’ve been a banner year for him, with roles in Ready Player One and Deadpool 2, was torpedoed by assault allegations and rumors of on-set intoxication. Calling in a bomb threat seems to be the end of his career.Other times, an actor fades away for reasons beyond their control. The wrong role in the wrong movie at the wrong time can send an A-lister to the D-list.Studios don’t hesitate to drop the next big thing when returns disappoint, and actors can find themselves powerless in situations. Take Mira Sorvino, for example. She won an Oscar and disappeared only for #MeToo to reveal that the predatory casting couch culture ruined her career.Some of the names on this list achieved big things before poor choices made them unmarketable. Others managed to sink multiple chances at stardom. Some were felled by bad career choices, while others dropped due to terrible behavior.Some have rebounded and, humbled by the fall, found steady work as supporting players.Finally, some of these actors might again find themselves on the A-list or accepting an award, but for now, here are the 20 Former A-Listers Who Completely Flopped.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewJohn Travolta has played some of the most iconic roles in cinema, including Saturday Night Fever and Pulp Fiction. Even his presence on American Crime Story: The Trial of OJ Simpson was memorable.Yet Travolta’s career has flopped at least twice, with every comeback and iconic role followed by comically bad choices.Travolta launched into the stratosphere with Saturday Night Fever and Grease, but the hits dried up, and by the late '80s, it looked like one of the biggest stars in the world would be remembered as the face of the Look Who’s Talking franchise.Pulp Fiction came along and brought Travolta back to the A-list, allowing him to appear in Get Shorty, Face/Off, and Primary Colors. Then he made what is considered to be one of the worst movies of all time— Battlefield Earth. It was a huge failure critically and commercially.As it was Travolta’s passion project, he was the face of that failure. High-profile gigs still came in for a bit, with him usually playing the hammy villain.By this time he was a tabloid fixture. Male masseuses accused him of inappropriate behavior, and he endured personal tragedies.In late 2017, he bought back the rights to his movie Gotti, positioning it for a Cannes debut, a run at Oscar, and a return to edgy relevance, but brutal reviews have made that unlikely.Thus, despite his career highs, Travolta is one of the few actors to fall so low so many times.Julia Stiles’ career closely follows the paradigm of an A-lister who didn’t stay on top: starring roles in extremely popular teen movies, efforts to branch out into drama, a spot in a major franchise, followed by a descent into obscurity and a slight but respectable resurgence on prestige TV.Stiles' big breaks came in 10 Things I Hate About You and Save the Last Dance, which endeared her to teens throughout the USA.At the same time, she tried to establish her artistic chops by appearing in gritty Shakespeare modernizations Hamlet and O (based on Othello), as well as playwright David Mamet’s Hollywood satire State and Main.These roles led to a supporting but important role in the Bourne franchise, which carried across four movies. She struggled to find a successful formula beyond Bourne.A remake of The Omen didn’t go anywhere new. Her appearances in romantic comedies baffled critics and her appearances in dramas seemed to miss audiences.She was in The Silver Linings Playbook in a small role, but her most high profile non-Bourne gig was playing a trauma survivor turned protégé/love interest on Dexter.Since then, she continues to act in film and TV, but many of her movies find themselves going straight to on-demand.This may seem hard to believe, but there was a time when Taylor Lautner was considered the future of Hollywood male stardom.At a time when Hollywood was struggling to find young male actors with mass appeal who could fill the void left by aging movie stars, Lautner fit the bill.His role as Jacob Black in Twilight earned him teenage idol status, and his physical transformation for the second movir in the franchise, as well as his ability to carry what many thought would be a weaker film, impressed studio heads.He became the third face of the franchise and had his own following of Twilight fans who were proudly on Team Jacob.By the time the franchise wrapped, many believed that Lautner was about to go big. Highly publicized negotiations to star in Max Steel and Stretch Armstrong fell through.In 2011, Abduction, his first post-Twilight movie, was released to dismal reviews. His first effort at carrying a movie failed, and his chances at leading man status evaporated overnight.Lautner still works. He’s shown up in comedies and on TV, with a gig on Scream Queens, but his time on the A-list is one of the most clear cut flops in recent history.Seemingly pushed onto the A-list by the studio system, he became more famous off-screen than on. When he finally made it on-screen, the results underwhelmed.Lindsay Lohan may be her generation’s cautionary tale of how excess can derail a promising career.Her remake of The Parent Trap was a family favorite, and Freaky Friday was a hit, but it was Mean Girls that made her a sensation.The movie balanced humor with keen insights that didn’t seem forced or corny, and Lohan’s heartfelt, down-to-earth performance signaled the arrival of a major talent.Things started off well-enough with Herbie: Fully Loaded, but then things got messy. Lohan’s reputation for partying came to define her media presence.Comedies like Georgia Rule underperformed. She took a stab at being a serious actress with gritty dramas like Bobby and Chapter 27, but those movies were non-starters. She was repeatedly in the news, getting arrested for DUIs and drug possession and serving time in jail.By 2010, her reputation as a party girl and a string of misfires had made pushed her to Hollywood’s fringes. B-movie Machete garnered some press by casting her. She appeared in the racy, risqué crowd-funded The Canyons.These days Lohan is known more for her pleas on social media. She tried to sue RockStar Games for using her likeness. She’s lobbied for a Mean Girls sequel and a chance to play Batman villain Poison Ivy, but Hollywood doesn’t seem to be listening.Being young and iconic has its perks, but for an emerging talent it can create impossible expectations. Such is the case of Alicia Silverstone, who made her debut in The Crush before Clueless made her a household name.It’s hard to overstate how much that movie dominated pop culture in 1995. Its lines were repeated ad nauseum.The cast was everywhere, and Alicia Silverstone was the next big thing. The Babysitter and True Crime kept her in the public eye, but 1997 was poised to be Silverstone’s big year with two high profile movies.One of these films was Excess Baggage, a romantic comedy for a post-Pulp Fiction audience that couldn’t commit to tone. With Silverstone taking an interest behind the scenes, the movie's failure to excite was problematic.The other was Batman and Robin. Much has been written about Batman and Robin over the years, but there are two things to note: it made its budget back, and it earned its reputation as one of the worst movies of all time.Since then, her career has waned. She’s appeared in sequels like Scooby Doo 2 and Beauty Shop, as herself in Tropic Thunder, and continuously in low budget movies.In Hollywood’s often cruel way, she didn't so much disappear as become invisible.She was in the edgy Catfight with Sandra Oh, and critics were pleasantly surprised when she turned up in The Killing Of A Sacred Deer, which is perhaps as far from Clueless as you could get.Most franchises create at least one superstar. Star Wars made Harrison Ford, Harry Potter made Emma Watson, and The Hunger Games made Jennifer Lawrence.The Lord of the Rings franchise was begging for a star, so when Elijah Wood went quirky and Viggo Mortensen went artsy, the mantle fell on Orlando BloomAs Legolas in the Lord of the Rings, Bloom exuded charisma and humor.Before the final entry had wrapped, the actor landed a role in the Pirates of the Caribbean franchise. Thus begins the strange case of the career of Orlando Bloom: what do you do when an actor is talented and handsome enough but audiences just don’t take the bait?Like everything else in the Pirates series, Bloom was overshadowed by Johnny Depp.Also, Kingdom of Heaven, his turn at a historical epic like Gladiator, made by the people who made Gladiator, landed with a thud. Subsequent director’s cuts have earned the movie some long delayed appreciation, but Bloom shouldered much of the blame for the film’s failure.He teamed with Cameron Crowe for Elizabethtown and had another high-profile failure as a leading man.Having tested the waters of comedy, drama, epic, and romance, it seemed like audiences just weren’t lining up for Orlando Bloom movies.He’s returned to his famous characters, playing Legolas and Will Turner in sequels, but his time as an A-lister with the chance to choose any project is over and done.Brendan Fraser displayed a versatility that charmed the industry. Going from silly comedy like Encino Man and Airheads to emotional and dramatic fare like With Honors.By the late' 90s, he was positioned to take over Hollywood.George of the Jungle was followed by a dramatic role in Gods and Monsters which was sandwiched nicely by the sweet comedy Blast From the Past. With The Mummy, he ascended to the A-list. A sequel came three years later, but by then Fraser’s choices weren’t sticking the landing.He was in high profile comedies like Dudley-Do Right, Bedazzled, and Monkeybone that didn’t connect with critics or audiences or both, and Fraser shouldered the blame. At the same time, he appeared in acclaimed dramas like The Quiet American, but the good will didn’t extend to him.By the end of the decade, a third Mummy sequel had been released to diminishing returns (Oscar-winning co-star Rachel Weisz chose not to return, which didn’t help the movie's clout), Fraser had appeared in a Best Picture winning drama (albeit the regrettable Crash).He had also kickstarted another franchise, Journey to the Center of the Earth, which he promptly kicked off to Dwayne “the Rock” Johnson. By 2013, his movies were going straight to DVD.Fraser recently opened up about difficult experiences that he says damaged his career, and prestige TV has offered Fraser another chance.His gig on the Danny Boyle-produced Trust has earned him good reviews and put him back in the spotlight though his franchise-headlining days are likely behind him.Paris Hilton made a name for herself by being enviable. Rich, young, and glamorous, she set the template for young starlets in the 2000s.As a dim-witted, divorced from reality TV star on The Simple Life, she was perfect.Her blasé attitude made it so you never knew if she was in on the joking or making one of her own. Did she know that audiences were laughing at her, and did she even care?As a brand, Hilton excelled, but her talents seemed to stop there. Her attempt at a pop career was surprisingly bad given how generic it was. As for the movies, Hilton was adept at cameoing as herself, and she became a sort of staple of direct-to-video movies.Her first major role was in the House of Wax remake, which was marketed heavily with a grisly take on her likeness. This earned her a Razzie Award in a year that was highly competitive.In 2008, she gave what seemed like an earnest stab at having a presence on-screen. The Hottie and the Nottie was a financial disaster that critics hated and audiences didn’t see.This signaled the end of Hilton’s attempt take over Hollywood. That year, she also appeared in cult classic Repo: The Genetic Opera, gaining a bit of indie cred.In spite of all this, Hilton remains the rare celebrity who is most famous for a certain type of movie without actually being a movie star.With the Star Wars prequels more than 10 years behind us, perhaps it’s time to pity Hayden Christensen.The actor was plucked from obscurity to do a thankless job: embody the youth of one of cinema’s most iconic villains. The writing didn’t do Christensen any favors, and one wonders if any actor could’ve played the role and gone unscathed.It’s fair to wonder how much studio expectations had to do with Christensen’s career flop. He was a Hollywood actor in a time when Hollywood seemed to struggle with the idea of what big-budget actors should be. He appeared in the drama Life As A House and earned acclaim and even award nominations, but the film was an overwrought attempt to recreate American Beauty’s success.He was serviceable in Jumper, a movie about a teen with the ability to teleport. That film was made when X-Men was the gold standard for superhero movies, Batman was just getting dark, and the MCU didn’t exist beyond an Iron Man post-credits scene.Like most of Christensen’s work, Jumper was a studio attempt to recreate a popular idea without capturing what made that idea special.Sometimes Christensen could shine. His turn as an ethically repugnant journalist in Shattered Glass channeled the sniveling pathos of Anakin and made it into something disturbing.Perhaps this is where Christensen found his sweet spot. Since Star Wars, the Canadian actor has mainly appeared in low-budget movies.Jenny McCarthy’s rise to fame as a flirty, foul-mouthed host of MTV’s Singled Out endeared her to teen fans during the '90s.She got her start as a model and relayed that into hosting gigs before trying her hand at acting.Her first major role was in 1998’s Baseketball, a comedy that struggled to decide if it was a zany parody a la Airplane or an irreverent satire a la South Park and suffered as a result. McCarthy followed this with roles in Diamonds and Scream 3, which she parodied in Scary Movie 3.Most of McCarthy’s acting career up until then had her in supporting roles that riffed on her reputation for toilet humor.She and then-husband John Mallory Asher put this front and center in 2005’s Dirty Love, which became a sort of underdog at the infamous Razzie Awards.Despite garnering very little publicity, it went on to beat such widely-despised pictures as Deuce Bigolo: European Gigolo, Son of the Mask, and The Dukes of Hazzard “winning” four out of six awards for which it was nominated.While her rise to fame has declined, she remains a steady presence on TV, hosting her own TV and radio shows throughout the decade.However, she has become more well-known for her controversial beliefs about autism and vaccines. Oddly enough, her cousin, Melissa McCarthy, has made it onto the A-list.Amanda Bynes was a child star who seemed like she was close to crossing over into the adult world of stardom.She made something of a brand on Nickelodeon with shows like All That and The Amanda Show, moving to network TV to do the sitcom What I Like About You.From there, a movie career seemed in reach, and Bynes went for it. There was What A Girl Wants, Love Wrecked, the Hairspray remake, and a series of literary updates that popped with teen audiences and had critics using the phrase “better than it needs to be.”There was She’s The Man, an update of Twelfth Night, Snow White rehash Sydney White, and Easy A, which many expected would take her to the top.Instead, Bynes went the way of many a child star before her. There was a DUI and allegations of starting a fire. She posted revealing photos of her on her social media accounts and even more revealing Tweets that worried fans.By 2013, the media had declared it a full breakdown, and Bynes took a leave of absence from show business.Her people assert that a comeback is in the wings and might even happen this year.Few celebrities are as all-American as Jessica Simpson.Her blond shiny hair and girl-next-door persona made the transition from pop star to reality star a relative cinch.Like many of the young, attractive, heavily marketed reality TV celebs of the age, it was difficult to tell which parts of the ditzy routine were real and which were for the cameras.Either way, the publicity from Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica positioned her as a star on the rise. After appearing as herself in The Master of Disguise, a favorite of worst movie ever lists, she was poised for big things on screen as Daisy Duke in the remake of The Dukes of Hazzard.A tie-in single, a cover of “These Boots Are Made For Walking”, the video of which relied heavily on Simpson’s physical attributes, helped drum up publicity.The Dukes of Hazzard succeeded at the box office but was maligned by critics and members of the original.From the corporate perspective, it was a no-brainer, but beyond making money, it didn't generate any good will among fans or for the cast.Simpson followed this up with Employee of the Month and Blonde Ambition, both of which failed to resonate with audiences or critics.By 2008, Simpson seemed to get the message. She was in the much despised The Love Guru as herself and appeared in Private Valentine: Blonde and Dangerous.Since then, she’s been absent from movie screens.There was a time when Eddie Murphy was the biggest star in the world.His classic stand-up led to a run on Saturday Night Live, and this led to a film career in which he made some of the 1980s biggest movies like 48 Hours and the Beverly Hills Cop series.By the '90s, he was churning out sequels, but he had hits with The Nutty Professor and Mulan. He ran into some trouble with the law, getting arrested for unseemly behavior.The 2000s got weird. He was part of the successful Shrek franchise, becoming one of the only actors to win a major film award (a BAFTA) for an animated performance.He also starred in one of the biggest flops of all time, The Adventures of Pluto Nash.In 2006, he almost won an Oscar for Dreamgirls. In 2007, he had another candidate for worst movie ever with Norbit.His career was defined by saccharine, critically-reviled family movies like Imagine That.Since then, he has appeared on screen intermittently. He almost staged a comeback, including plans to host the Oscars, but these plans fell through. His last movie, Mr. Church, briefly sparked talk of an Oscar campaign before critics saw the film.The status of Murphy’s career isn’t lost on him either. As he told the press, "I think my cool and edge are gone ... Whatever my edge or cool was back then, I’m onto some other area. I don't know what it is.For a star who was largely defined by her work on the very Californian show The O.C., it’s strange to think that the Irish-English Mischa Barton had a storied career before that.Barton started acting at a young age. People might remember her pre-O.C. days mainly for her jump scare cameo in The Sixth Sense and a brief turn in romcom Notting Hill, but prior to that, she appeared on stage in plays written by Tony Kushner, James Lapine, and Catherine Butterfield.After starting her movie career, she also found a place on TV, appearing in soap opera All My Children.In 2003, The O.C. debuted and Barton became a huge star. The show was a pop culture fixation, and Barton was at the center of it.Various publications and trend watchers called her the next big thing, and she seemed eager to jumpstart her movie career. She left The O.C. after three seasons. Her departure coincided with a decline in ratings.For the next few years, Barton worked steadily in movies that have largely gone unnoticed. Like many TV stars who left hit shows to pursue bigger things, her career failed to set the world on the fire.Trying her hand at various genres, Barton may often be the best thing in her films, but many of them have limited releases or go straight to DVD. Perhaps she’ll resurface as a character actress in a few years.Until then, like many O.C. fans, she may wonder might what’ve been.Megan Fox rose to the A-list with the first two Transformers movies. At a time when highly synergized corporate tie-ins were still looked upon skeptically, Fox helped ground a difficult premise for a live-action film.Transformers was released in a social climate where the blatant objectification of Fox was one of the less offensive aspects of the movie (at least compared to huckin’ and jivin’ robots), and speculation about Fox’s private life was a favorite Hollywood past time.Fox was adept at navigating the gossip mill, and for a brief period at the turn of the decade Fox might have been the most famous person in Hollywood.Then there were reports about Michael Bay having Fox audition by washing his car, which for some reason hurt her more than him. She compared his on-set behavior to a Nazi and was unceremoniously dropped from the third installment. Her non-franchise career faltered as well.Jennifer’s Body, one of the most publicized non-starters of the century, didn’t find an audience. Comic book adaptation Jonah Hex failed miserably.With that, studios started to look at Fox as the kind of actor who can stir tabloid gossip but can’t open a movie.She switched routes, giving respectable turns in comedies like This is 40 and Friends With Kids.Eventually, Fox and Bay made nice, and she played April O’Neil in the rebooted Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The press didn’t pay much notice.What more is there to say about Nicolas Cage? He is a mainstay on lists like this. His lavish spending is the stuff of ridicule.His descent into B-movie ubiquity is the stuff of even more ridicule. His strange choices are the stuff of parody.Still, consider this: this time next year, he will probably have released at least four movies, and some of them will have gone straight to the bargain bin, others will have played at Cannes.Some stars slowly sink into low-budget cinema, Nic Cage ricochets back and forth.He began his career by dropping his family name— he’s part of the esteemed Coppola clan— and going it alone, making waves as an intense actor who can pull off quirky comedy like Raising Arizona.In 1995, he won an Oscar for his devastating performance in Leaving Las Vegas.He followed that by becoming an action star with The Rock, Con Air, and Face/Off. There were also serious movies, like Bringing Out the Dead and Lord of War, and terrible ones, like The Wicker Man remake.Financial troubles pushed Cage into taking more roles to pay off debts. Something even Cage has acknowledged, privately describing himself as "an A-list actor doing A-list work who is being forced into B-list presentations because I had some hits in action films a million years ago."His most recent movie Mandy premiered to complementary reviews when it bowed at Cannes, with critics noting that it keeps the weird streak going.Jennifer Garner’s big break came with Alias, a hit TV show that paved the way for programs like Scandal.In 13 Going on 30, she showed a comedic streak and a willingness to dive into the material. She was fast on her way to becoming America’s sweetheart.Still, it was superhero flick Daredevil that would have a lasting impact on Garner’s life. The movie helped propel her to movie star status, giving her the spinoff sequel Elektra. It was also on that set where she met future ex-husband Ben Affleck.At first, things looked perfect. Garner’s career was going places. Her role in Juno epitomized what fans loved about her— she was earnest and moving. However, this was followed by a string of comedies that failed to find anything interesting for Garner to do.By the time she showed up in awards favorite The Dallas Buyers Club, she’d become known for playing generic roles that did little more than service the plot. As her career plateaued, Affleck’s took on new dimensions as a writer/director.Also by this time, her private life had become tabloid fodder. Marital troubles set the papers ablaze, and she and Affleck divorced in 2017. It was a publicized, unpleasant matter with photos of each looking miserable splattered in the press.A role in Love, Simon may be the start of bigger things, but Garner remains more famous for her private life than her on-screen work.For the first decade of the 2000s, Jessica Alba was an audience favorite whose action star physicality and wide-eyed vulnerability made for an up-and-coming star.She broke out with TV’s Dark Angel. A role in dance movie Honey upped Alba’s reputation and appeal. After that, she was off.She turned up dancing on a bar in Sin City, as Invisible Woman in The Fantastic Four, as an action hero/love interest in treasure hunting actioner Into the Blue, as romantic interests in Good Luck Chuck, the universally loathed and quite racist The Love Guru, and a horror lead in The Eye.In other words, she was doing what Hollywood stars did-- making movies with mass appeal that traded on her looks and faded from the multiplex with so-so to middling reviews.Alba seemed to sense as much herself, picking up stranger projects like Machete and The Killer Inside Me.By 2014, her appearance in the Sin City sequel seemed to signal that the old career bits had made Alba a lot of money but failed to define her as an artist or an actor.It’s no wonder that she seems more interested in her off-screen business ventures.While she continues to pop up in movies, most recently the low budget El Camino Christmas, which itself is chockful of “look-where-they-are-now” talent, her time on the A-list has come to an end for now.Given the troubles that Wesley Snipes has had over the last few years, it’s easy to forget how versatile Snipes was.Trained in martial arts, Snipes had successes in drama (Jungle Fever), action (Passenger 57), and comedy (White Men Can’t Jump).You’d be hard-pressed to find an actor that could go from playing a Jazz musician, a drug kingpin, a sci-fi villain, and a drag queen in the space of five years.Snipes also predated the superhero bonanza that now defines the moviegoing experience. He played Blade the vampire hunter for the first time in 1998 in the first successful Marvel adaptation.All of this makes his fall from grace even stranger. Accused of tax fraud and tax evasion, Snipes eventually served time in prison.Even before then, reports of demanding behavior and crazy stories from the Blade 3 revealed a career that was very much teetering on the edge.His tax convictions made him a target of late night comedians and a wary presence in the industry. He has continued working, but even his pre-prison efforts were going straight to video by 2005.He has since appeared in the third installment of The Expendables franchise, and Spike Lee, the director who gave him some of his juiciest dramatic roles, found a spot for him in Chi-Raq, but his career remains on ice.Kevin Spacey is part of a very exclusive club, but possibly not the one you’re thinking of. He has a 100 percent Oscar win rate, having won the award both times he’s been nominated for it.That his career was marked by such acclaim is indicative of how his career has flopped in the reckoning that’s come with the #MeToo movement.He was once one of the most respected actors in a Hollywood. He was famous on screen and stage. He was a theater director. Now, he’s known as a predator.He broke through in 1995 with roles in Outbreak, Seven, and The Usual Suspects, for which he won the first of his two Oscars.Over the next few years, he had a string of respected movies that showed he could do prestige cinema like L.A. Confidential, action like The Negotiator, and even animated family fare like A Bug’s Life.After his win for American Beauty, Spacey was anointed as one of the finest actors of his generation. He made fancy Oscar bait like The Shipping News and lent credibility to studio fare like Superman Returns and 21.By 2017, he had enough hits to balance out the misses. When Anthony Rapp recounted a story of inappropriate conduct, it triggered a cascade of allegations that effectively ended Spacey’s career.He was fired from his flagship TV series House of Cards and replaced in All the Money in the World, the film that was poised to net him his third Oscar nomination.---Can you think of any other former A-listers who have flopped in recent years? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Being an A-lister can’t be easy. Sure, being rich, famous, and generally loved by millions of fans across the world must be nice (okay, amazing), but the life of an A-lister has its hardships as well.It must be tough not being able to enter public spaces without a full security escort, and it’s got to be mentally draining to go out to lunch with friends while being hounded by hordes of photographers and autograph-seekers. Heck, just getting out of the airport is an adventure that requires carefully navigating a sea of paparazzi at every terminal.The fact of the matter is being one of Hollywood’s elites can be taxing, and not every A-lister has the personality required for the unique lifestyle. Don’t get us wrong, though-- some are born for it.They are absolute sweethearts who are kind and courteous in their everyday interactions with co-workers and fans alike, and who use their money and fame for good. Then there are others who don’t do so well with reporters… or photographers… or fans… or their own family members. Instead, they come off as self-centered and egotistical.With that said, here are the 8 A-Listers Who Are Jerks (And 8 Who Are Sweethearts).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewGwyneth Paltrow is a unique, but absolutely worthy inclusion in this list because her views on the world tend to rub people the wrong way. She isn't overtly rude behind the scenes or immature. Instead, she simply expresses her opinions in a pretentious way that suggests that she's out of touch with reality.One moment Paltrow will accept her celebrity lifestyle and status by saying, “I am who I am. I can’t pretend to be somebody who makes $25,000 a year." The next she will say, "I’m just a normal mother with the same struggles as any other mother who’s trying to do everything at once and trying to be a wife and maintain a relationship."Listen Gwyneth, you are either a normal mother with normal struggles, or you are a celebrity who puts a $90,000 trip to space on her website's gift guide. Claiming to be both is a jerk move.Keanu Reeves has maintained his reputation for being an absolute sweetheart. The actor has been a major player on the movie scene for the better part of three decades (and has experienced a career renaissance in recent years due to the uber-successful John Wick series), and has always treated fans and co-workers with kindness and respect.There is no shortage of "Keanu Reeves is awesome" stories on the internet, from his kindness when meeting fans to his willingness to give up his seat on the subway to a stranger.However, the cherry on top is his generosity. Throughout his career, Reeves has continually taken pay cuts so that co-workers could receive raises.This included an estimated $75 million in profits from the two Matrix sequels, which he insisted go to workers in the special effects and costume departments.Oh, Justin. You've grown up before our very eyes.-- grown up to be a jerk, that is. The Bieb began his career covering songs on Youtube until he was discovered in 2008, before releasing his first album in 2009 (at the ripe old age of 15). The album went triple platinum, and the teenager became an international phenomenon.As the teen's fame grew, so did the controversies from his jerk-ish behavior.In 2013, he was filmed peeing in a restaurant mop bucket, and in 2014, he was charged with misdemeanor vandalism after allegedly egging a neighbor's house (he eventually pleaded no contest and was forced to pay $89,000 in restitution).He's had numerous run-ins with paparazzi that have gotten physical, and faces arrest in Argentina if he ever returns to the country.Becoming a global sensation at such a young age can't be easy, but that doesn't excuse being such a jerk.Some A-listers are considered jerks or sweethearts based on how they treat those they interact with on a daily basis. Be they fans, co-workers, or people in the service industry.Sandra Bullock makes our list of sweethearts not only because she is kind and courteous in these interactions by all accounts, but also because her kindness and generosity stretches far beyond the people she meets personally.According to E! news, Bullock has donated more than $6 million to various charities throughout her career. These donations include $1 million to 9/11 relief efforts, $1 million following the tsunami in Indonesia in 2004, and $1 million each following Hurricanes Katrina and Harvey.The donations are usually made quietly and with very little fanfare, proving Bullock doesn't do it for the attention but out of the goodness of her heart. In a statement, Bullock said simply, "I'm just grateful I can do it... we have to take care of one another." Well said.Miles Teller is a good actor. He proved this with breakout roles in 2013's The Spectacular Now and 2014's Whiplash. After bursting onto the Hollywood scene so quickly, it's only natural for a young actor to get a little cocky. Unfortunately, Teller seems to have taken things much further than that.The world's perception of Teller was captured perfectly in the opening line of an Esquire magazine piece from 2014, "You're sitting across from Miles Teller at the Luminary restaurant in Atlanta and trying to figure out if he's a d**k." After the interview, the reporter confirmed that Teller "is kind of a d**k."Teller certainly didn't help his reputation by trashing other actors his age, using a comparison to John Cusack as an opportunity to insult the actor, saying Divergent "sucks" when he was set to appear in the sequel, and nearly getting into a fight with director Josh Trenk while filming Fantastic Four.For the last decade, Emily Blunt has been steadily climbing the ladder on her way to becoming one of Hollywood's elites. Appearances in The Adjustment Bureau and Looper made her a household name before starring-roles in Edge of Tomorrow, Into the Woods, and The Girl on the Train made her a bonafide star.While her humble and sweet reaction to being compared to Meryl Streep seems more than enough reason to name her a genuine sweetheart, the real reason why she makes the list is her interactions with fans.In a time when A-listers refusing to take selfies with fans has become the norm, Blunt has a sweet reason for the refusal, saying that she would rather have a genuine interaction. On the topic of pictures with fans, Blunt's philosophy is, "I’ve actually retired from that. But I would like to shake your hand and meet you." Awesome.Not only has Jennifer Lopez been in the public eye for the last twenty years, but she's also been one of the world's biggest stars as well. In that time, the actor and singer has developed quite the reputation for being a diva, and kind of a big jerk.In addition to ridiculous demands behind the scenes, Lopez is also described as being cold to people outside of her immediate circle. This included an alleged incident on a plane when a flight attendant asked her what she would like to drink and Lopez responded by telling her assistant, "Please tell him I’d like a Diet Coke and lime."Then there was the Fiat commercial, which featured Lopez driving through her old neighborhood in the Bronx. Unfortunately, Lopez filmed the commercial in Los Angeles and used a body double in New York. Needless to say, fans were disappointed in Jenny from the block.Dwayne Johnson has had quite the remarkable career so far, and that doesn't seem likely to change any time soon. The actor started out as a professional wrestler before transitioning into acting and starring in a few mildly-successful movies in the late-2000s. Then came his role in Fast Five, and the rest is history.In the last seven years, Johnson has become one of Hollywood's most bankable stars and a highly sought after leading man. Yet he always seems to find time for his fans.His social media accounts are full of him meeting and greeting fans at all hours of the day and night. The interactions seem genuine with Johnson always taking a moment out of what must be an insanely busy schedule to chat, sign autographs, and take selfies.With over 101 million followers on Instagram, that's a lot of selfies, but Johnson is more than up for the task.Christian Bale has been in the industry for more than thirty years and has more than fifty roles in his filmography. He won an Oscar for his role in The Fighter and is well-known for his commitment to his craft, famously losing 62 pounds for his role in 2004's The Machinist before immediately packing on the muscle for 2005's Batman Begins.Unfortunately, he is equally known for his bad temper behind the scenes. Bale's reputation for being a bit of a jerk began during filming of 2011's Terminator: Salvation when an audio clip of one of his tantrums was released online. In the now-infamous clip, Bale drops more than a few f-bombs while also threatening to kick a crew member's "f**king a**."Bale is also known for being short with fans, and allegedly brought two young girls to tears after they asked for an autograph in a way that he felt was rude.Who doesn't love Will Smith? Okay, After Earth was pretty bad and his performance in it is sleep-inducing, but we can forgive him because he's just so darn likable both on-screen and off.From The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air to Suicide Squad, Smith has been one of the biggest stars in the world for decades thanks to his charisma and charm.By all accounts, Smith is as kind and generous with his fans in person as he is in television interviews and he comes off as a genuinely nice person. The actor always seems down for selfies with fans whether it be at impromptu appearances at screenings for his movies, or while he is out for a run on the streets of Bondi Beach.Then there was the time he and wife Jada allegedly gave Tyrese Gibson $5 million to help pay for the legal expenses stemming from his divorce. They deny it, but we wouldn't be surprised if it was true.That's right, the man who brought John McClane to life in four great Die Hard movies (and one awful one) is a jerk. This one is pretty cut and dry, though somewhat surprising considering the fact that Bruce Willis been a star for as long as Will Smith, but whereas Smith has remained a sweetheart, Willis has turned into a bit of a grump.Director Kevin Smith summed up working with Willis during the wrap party of the movie Cop Out (which Willis did not attend) when he said, "“I want to thank everyone who worked on the film, except for Bruce Willis, who is a f**king d*ck.”Then there was Willis' beef with Sylvester Stallone, which led to Stallone calling the actor "greedy and lazy." The two have since made up, but countless interviews in which Willis often seems surly (at best) suggest that Smith's words may have been right on the money.It's been a long road for Chris Pratt from supporting actor in TV shows like Parks and Recreation and movies like Wanted to leading man in certified blockbusters like Guardians of the Galaxy and Jurassic World. Pratt's rise to A-lister was fast enough to make your head spin, yet the actor remained a genuine sweetheart throughout.Pratt always seems happy to sign autographs for fans, and even remains cordial when he's forced to call out mean behavior from autograph-seekers.Like Emily Blunt, Pratt has moved away from taking selfies with fans in recent years, but has done so for an admirable reason: hoping to have more genuine interactions."I just don't take pictures with people. Because that's not about enjoying the moment; it's about stealing the moment to brag about later," he stated. "So, I say, 'Would you settle for a handshake?'" We'll settle for a handshake anytime, Chris.Kristen Stewart began acting when she was a child and was just eighteen when the Twilight series made her an international star. You'd think that such amazing success at such a young age would make her a sweet person to be around, but you'd be wrong.Stewart's reputation took a major hit during the filming of 2012's Snow White and the Huntsman when it was revealed that she and the movie's director Rupert Sanders hooked up despite the former being in a relationship with Robert Pattinson and the latter being married to Liberty Ross.Needless to say, cheating on your boyfriend with a married man is pretty messed up.Then there are the times that Stewart has put her foot in her mouth. The worst offense by far was when she compared being photographed by paparazzi to being assaulted. The comment didn't sit well with crisis groups or fans, and Stewart eventually apologized. However, the damage was already done.There are kind actors, and then there is Hugh Jackman, who seems to be in a category all by himself. For proof of Jackman's kindness, look no further than Lucky Friday, a day that the actor created in 2013 as a means to chat with everyone on set.According to Jackman, he wanted to speak with everyone involved in his movies, but felt awkward approaching people for no reason.Jackman said, "I thought I'd feel like a d**k if I went around and said, 'Hi, my name is Hugh, how is it going?' They'd be like 'Ummm, good.' So I said, 'Hey man, it's Friday and we have this tradition in Australia where you give out lottery tickets on a Friday. It's called Lucky Friday. Thanks for the week. Have a great weekend.'"The tradition has continued on every movie set that Jackman has been on ever since, which is pretty awesome.Just as Hugh Jackman is in a sweetheart category of his own, Alec Baldwin is the undisputed king of the jerks. The long-time actor has a history of verbally (and sometimes physically) abusing reporters, photographers, and even family members.Some of Baldwin's lowlights include telling a reporter "I want you to choke," hurling anti-gay epithets at paparazzi, and shoving photographers.The icing on the jerk cake, though, has to be Baldwin's leaked voicemail to his then 11-year old daughter in 2007. In it Baldwin says, "You are a rude, thoughtless little pig. You don't have the brains or the decency as a human being. I don't give a damn that you're 12 years old, or 11 years old, or that you're a child, or that your mother is a thoughtless pain in the a** who doesn't care about what you do as far as I'm concerned." Yikes.In terms of how long it took to achieve his fame, it's safe to say that Steve Carell is the anti-Justin Bieber. Whereas Bieber was launched to super stardom as a teenager, Carell didn't reach the big time until his 40s.The actor achieved relative fame on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart before roles in The Office and The 40-Year-Old Virgin launched him into the entertainment stratosphere.All of those years of struggle have clearly honed Carell's nice guy personality, which, by all accounts, he maintains to this day.Fans and co-stars are quick to call Carell a nice guy, but Mindy Kaling no doubt put it best in her novel, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me? According to Kaling, "You could screw up a handful of takes outside in 104-degree smog-choked Panorama City heat, and Steve Carell’s final words before collapsing of heat stroke would be a friendly and hopeful 'Hey, you think you have that shot yet?'"---Do you know of any other stories of A-listers being absolute sweethearts or complete jerks? Let us hear them in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Whether they are haunting you in your dreams or leading a galactic empire in a galaxy far, far away, villains are everywhere in cinema. Villains have probably been around since the invention of storytelling, since the hero always has to have someone to go up against.Today, there are too many villains to even count. While every fandom has some sort of a bad guy who battles the hero, only certain actors are praised in their wicked roles.Certain actors tend to be type-cast as villains, such as Hugo Weaving and Jason Isaacs, while other actors catch fans off guard when they are revealed to be a villain.Everyone has their opinion about who should be cast in certain roles but that is almost always left up to the movie studios and casting department. Fans are sometimes given a chance to give input on who they want to play iconic villains, but often times, their voices are left unheard.Sometimes, fans host dream casting websites for people they would love to see in a sequel, while other times, they might start petitions to get certain actors to play certain roles.This does not always sway a studios position on a casting decision but they can be none the less entertaining.Other times, fans who have a creative side may create artwork with their favorite actors as classic characters.With that said, here are the 20 A-Listers Reimagined As Villains.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewToday, David Harbour is most known for his role as Jim Hopper in Netflix’s Stranger Things. Jim Hopper is a good guy in every sense of the word and is basically Eleven’s adopted father.While the actor will also be playing Hellboy in 2019, some people have imagined Harbour playing another Marvel character. This fan art reimagines David Harbour as Sabretooth and the end product turned out incredible.The character first appeared in Iron Fist #14 but has since appeared in the live-action X-Men movies. Sabretooth was played by Thomas Mane in X-Men and Liev Schreiber in X-Men Origins.While neither actor really did a poor job in the role, many fans would be thrilled to see David Harbour battle Wolverine in a future movie.Emma Stone has gained a steady fanbase over the years. She was an Oscar Nominee for Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance) in 2015 and actually won her first Oscar for La La Land in 2017.The woman has proven herself as an actress, which is probably why she was picked up to play Cruella in Disney’s live-action movie about the character.Cruella de Vil is not only a rude person in general, but she is also mean to puppies and you cannot get much more sinister than that.While the movie may not yet have a release date, this fan art shows us that Emma Stone can certainly pull off the look of Cruella de Vil.The Joker has always been one of Batman’s greatest foes. Cesar Romero, Jack Nicholson, and Heath Ledger are most known for portraying the twisted clown, but more actors continue to play the character in new movies and TV shows.Mark Hamill may be known for being Luke Skywalker, but he is also known for voicing the Joker in several Batman animated series and movies.Cameron Monaghan is currently playing the Joker in Gotham for the TV world, while Jared Leto is playing the Joker for the DCEU.With multiple Joker movies currently in development, many fans have created art of who they would want to be in the Joker solo spin-off. While Joaquin Phoenix looks like he will be the next one wearing the clown makeup, Willem Dafoe was once a fan-favorite to play the character.Disney is all for making live-action remakes of some of their most iconic animated movies. We have already seen a live-action Jungle Book and Beauty and the Beast, and Disney has plans for several other movies to get the live-action treatment.Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is currently on their radar, but not a lot of concrete information has been released for the movie.As of right now, Brie Larson is rumored to be involved in a film that revolves around Snow White’s sister named Rose Red. Universal Studios made their own live-action Snow White in 2012 and a sequel in 2016, but neither were that critically praised.While Charlize Theron played the Evil Queen named Ravenna in these two movies, someone else will probably take over for Disney’s version, and Olivia Wilde could fill those shoes.The Penguin has not been at the center of a live-action Batman movie since Tim Burton’s Batman Returns in 1992. The film was Michael Keaton’s second outing as the caped crusader and the movie was nominated for the Oscars of Best Visual Effects and Best Makeup.When it comes to makeup, Ve Neill, Ronnie Specter, and Stan Winston had their hands full with making Danny Devito look like a human and penguin without making him look ridiculous.They seemed to pull it off given the Oscar nomination, but Hollywood has not tried to duplicate the success for movie since.However, Robin Taylor portrays Oswald Cobblepot on Gotham and the Penguin may be a villain in The Batman or Birds of Prey.While nothing has been confirmed, some fans would like to see Andy Serkis in a DCEU role possibly as the Penguin.The Riddler is another one of Batman’s famous foes. Edward Nygma has been portrayed by a few different actors over the years, most notably Frank Gorshin in the '60s Batman television series and Jim Carrey in Batman Forever.While Carrey gave an interesting performance, to say the least, the role almost went to the late Robin Williams.Before Joel Schumacher took over the Batman franchise, Tim Burton was planning on making a third Batman movie with Robin Williams in the lead role of the Riddler, but it didn’t happen.Warner Bros. was originally going to cast Williams as the Joker in the first film but the role, of course, went to Jack Nicholson.We will never know what his performance would have been like, and fun fan art-- like the image above-- will be a constant reminder of what could have been.Tim Curry is known for playing Pennywise the Dancing Clown in the TV mini-series titled It. While the mini-series itself may not have aged very well, it was only a matter of time before the character got a new feature-length movie.Cary Fukunaga was originally going to direct the movie, but when he left the project he commented, ”They wanted me to make a much more inoffensive, conventional script. But I don’t think you can do proper Stephen King and make it inoffensive.”Muschietti’s It was in no way a family-friendly affair, and Will Poulter was replaced by Bill Skarsgård. Before it was announced that Poulter would be replaced, some fans took to Photoshop to see what Poulter could have looked like as Pennywise.Spider-Man’s evil villain Mysterio made his first appearance in The Amazing Spider-Man #13 in June 1964. Since then, he has become one of Spider-Man’s mortal enemies and often aligns himself with the Sinister Six.While Spidey fans have never gotten a live-action form of Mysterio for a feature film, Sam Raimi would have included Mysterio in his canceled Spider-Man 4.The character would have been played by Bruce Campbell expanding his role in the Raimi’s Spider-Man movies.While this plan ultimately fell through, Mysterio may be the big baddie for Spider-Man: Homecoming 2. Jake Gyllenhaal is rumored to be playing the villain, although nothing been confirmed.This fan art imagines what Gyllenhaal could look like as Mysterio if he were to be cast in the movie.Benedict Cumberbatch is no stranger to fandoms. He has a strong fanbase of people who followed him as Sherlock Holmes on BBC’s Sherlock. He also landed the role of Stephen Strange in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, which has made his name even more recognizable.Apart from Doctor Strange, Cumberbatch has also been a part of both the Hobbit and Star Trek trilogies.Needless to say, Benedict Cumberbatch is a popular guy.In Hollywood, there is always room to become more famous, however, which could happen if Cumberbatch were to portray Superman’s villain Brainiac as this fan art suggests.Brainiac has recently appeared on Syfy’s Krypton and Brainiac 5 was also on The CW’s Supergirl. Cumberbatch may have not been in either of these shows, but fans can hope.Catwoman is not your ordinary villain. She very much has a love/hate relationship with Batman, but she is still considered enough of a villain to make this list. Even though it seems like Catwoman and Batman are planning on getting married in the comic books, they have had a long rivalry.Over the years, many actresses have portrayed Catwoman, including Julie Newmar, Michelle Pfeiffer, Halle Berry, Anne Hathaway, and most recently, Camren Bicondova. While all of these actresses are famous for the role in their own way, this fan art focuses on Michelle Pfeiffer’s role in Batman Returns. Even though Angelina Jolie was only 16-years-old when the movie came out, she could still make a great Catwoman. The Shining was released back in 1980, which is almost forty years ago.It is hard to believe that this movie came out so long ago since it still lives up to horror movies today and has become a cult classic.While a movie came quickly after Stephen King published the book in 1977, a sequel to the book didn’t come out until 2013.The sequel, which is called Doctor Sleep, focuses on an older Danny Torrance who works with the elderly at a hospice center. Since this is actually being turned into a movie with Ewan McGregor in the lead as Danny, a Shining remake probably won’t be happening anytime soon.Despite this, it's hard to argue that Bryan Cranston couldn’t pull off the look of Jack Torrance.Annie Leibovitz may be known for taking the famous portrait of a clothless John Lennon hugging Yoko Ono, but Leibovitz also worked for Disney at one point. Leibovitz worked with the Walt Disney Company during their “Year Of A Million Dreams” promotion.This promotion awarded prizes, aka “dreams,” to one million guests at Walt Disney World and Disneyland. These prizes included having the entire park to yourself for one day or a free one night stay in a royal bedchamber in Cinderella’s castle.Leibovitz was recruited to photograph celebrities to make portraits combining their star power with iconic Disney characters.One of these portraits was Queen Latifah dressed as Ursula from The Little Mermaid, and the result could not have turned out better. While Dwayne Johnson has been cast as the villain Black Adam for the DCEU, he was once rumored to be playing the mutant known as Apocalypse in X-Men: Apocalypse. The role ultimately went to Oscar Isaac, even though many probably did not notice him underneath all of the makeup. En Sabah Nur was one of the first mutants and the main protagonist in Bryan Singer’s X-Men: Apocalypse. Dwayne Johnson has gained a lot of popularity in recent years after starring in movies like Fast Five, Hercules, and Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle. Johnson seems to have been in every type of movie genre, so a super villain would have been within the range of his acting ability. Matthew Modine may have been acting since 1982, but today, he is mostly recognized from a show that was released in 2016.Starring in movies like Full Metal Jacket and The Dark Knight Rises may have kept his acting career going, but playing Dr. Martin Brenner in Stranger Things is one of his most popular roles today. While Brenner is truly a wicked guy, this fan art reimagines Modine as Mister Sinister from the X-Men universe.Mister Sinister has been teased a few times in the X-Men movies, but has yet to get his own movie.Maybe executives will look for Modine when they are looking to cast the character? Who knows.Patrick Stewart is well known in the world of superheroes. He has played Charles Xavier in seven of the X-Men movies, and it is one of his most well-known roles to this day.His other popular role is playing Captain Picard in several Star Trek movies and the TV show called Star Trek: The Next Generation. While Professor X and Picard are two of his most iconic roles, Stewart could easily pull off the look for Victor Fries, aka Mr. Freeze. Mr. Freeze is yet another member of Batman’s Rogues Gallery and was most infamously played by Arnold Schwarzenegger.While Batman & Robin was quite laughable at times, Patrick Stewart could totally kick some ice as Mr. Freeze.With director Patty Jenkins announcing that Kristen Wiig would be playing Cheetah in Wonder Woman 2, it was only natural that fan art would quickly start to emerge.This fan-made character poster features Kristen Wiig photoshopped as Wonder Woman’s enemy Cheetah.Cheetah is often referred to as Wonder Woamn's archenemy, so it makes sense that she would be included in the Wonder Woman sequel. Wonder Woman seemed to put the DCEU back on track for the time being, but the train was quickly derailed again when Justice League was released.Hopefully, Wonder Woman 1984 and Kristen Wiig will live up to people’s expectations when the movie comes out on November 1, 2019.With the Venom trailer not revealing much about the overall story, rumors have run wild about the new movie. Even though Joe Russo has stated that Venom is not in the MCU, this particular rumor continues to accumulate more followers. Another rumor about Venom is that Carnage will have some type of a role in the movie.Woody Harrelson has been cast in the movie, which leads some to believe he will play Carnage, despite the fact that he reportedly isn’t in the movie for a very long time.Regardless of whether the rumor about Carnage is true or not, fans have taken to their photoshop skills to reimagine Harrelson as the famous character.Fans won’t have to wait very much longer to figure out if the rumors are true, since the movie releases this October. After it was announced in the after credits scene of Deadpool that Cable would be in the sequel, fan speculation went wild imagining who could be cast as the time-traveling cyborg. During the clip, Deadpool said that they don’t know who would be cast but that it could be Mel Gibson, Dolph Lundgren, or even Keira Knightly.While there is fan art of a bunch of males dressed as Cable, this Keira Knightley version is by far the best. Deadpool 2 was yet another win for Josh Brolin, but the movie could have been very different if Keira Knightley was cast as Cable.Maybe one day, fans will get a Keira Knightley Cable movie, but it doesn’t seem likely. Russell Brand is now arguably just as famous in the United States as he is in the United Kingdom. Brand has starred in movies like Arthur, Forgetting Sarah Marshall, and the spin-off Get Him to the Greek.While there have been many actors who have played Peter Pan’s archenemy Captain Hook, Brand, unfortunately, has not been one of them.This promo image by Disney Parks was a portrait done by photographer Annie Leibovitz. While some may not agree with Brand’s political views, it is easy to agree that he looks like Captain Hook.Someone needs to start a petition for Russell Brand to star in a solo Captain Hook movie. He’s got the hair and facial hair for it anyway.This one is for all of the Mr. Bean fans out there. Rowan Atkinson is mainly a British actor known for the role of a quirky baboon known only as Mr. Bean.He is quite a popular British comedian, but was also the voice of Zazu in Disney’s The Lion King. While he has been in other roles besides Mr. Bean, Bean is probably his most iconic role.Some of his fans have even photoshopped his face on popular characters and paintings, which are probably some of the funniest images you will ever find on the internet.This specific example is a mashup of Rowan Atkinson and He Who Must Not Be Named from the Harry Potter series.Ralph Fiennes may have been good as Voldemort, but Atkinson could have made the role very… unique.---Would you like to see any of these A-list villains on the big screen? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Seth MacFarlane's ribald talking teddy comedy Ted took the box office by storm in the summer of 2012, and now he's making a stab at creating the Blazing Saddles of the 21st century with his new film, A Million Ways to Die in the West. Though the writer-director rarely steps outside of an audio recording booth for his acting roles, this time his cheeky visage will be front and center as he plays the film's lead, Albert, a lily-livered shepherd living in a highly lethal Old West town who falls for a beautiful newcomer, Anna (Charlize Theron).A new green-band trailer for A Million Ways to Die in the West has just been released. There isn't too much in the way of new footage - it's essentially just a more family-friendly version of the red band trailer that came out last week - but it's worth watching for the couple of additional clips that there are.MacFarlane's brand of comedy tends to be very divisive, with most people seeming to either love it or hate it outright, but since A Million Ways to Die in the West doesn't seem to rely on non sequiturs and pop culture references in the way that Family Guy does, it might be fun even for those who usually dislike MacFarlane's work.A Million Ways to Die in the West seems to boast a pretty formulaic plot, with Albert learning the skills and courage needed to stand up to the marauding bad guy (Liam Neeson) and finding true love along the way. There will probably even be a training montage, since Albert goes from just a beginner marksman to a pro, and to show all his training would take too long.Comparing this trailer with earlier ones, it seems like A Million Ways to Die in the West will shine best with its more raunchy jokes, and overall looks at least as funny as Ted. If all else fails, it has a dance number with a magnificently-mustachioed Neil Patrick Harris, which is almost worth the ticket price on its own._____A Million Ways to Die in the West arrives in theaters on May 30, 2014.
Tags:
a million ways to die in the west
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Crafting compelling tales of beauty and pain, J.A. Bayona has been carving out his niche as a daring director. Thanks to the support of Guillermo del Toro, the Spanish filmmaker broke onto the scene in 2007 with the tender yet terror-laced The Orphanage. He followed the critically heralded horror-thriller with The Impossible, a heart-wrenching drama detailing the true story of a family of tourists swept up and traumatized by the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. His sophomore effort scored an Oscar nod for Naomi Watts' lead performance, yet Bayona seems poised for his biggest critical success yet with the fantastical family drama A Monster Calls.Based on the illustrated YA novel by Patrick Ness--who also penned the screenplay-- A Monster Calls centers on a young boy (newcomer Lewis MacDougall) as he struggles to cope with his mother's terminal illness. As she grows weaker, the yew tree from a nearby graveyard comes walking, rising out of the ground as a gargantuan figure who descends on the boy's bedroom to tell a trio of tales that offer complicated truths about life, but also a path forward.Screen Rant sat down with Bayona to discuss A Monster Calls' striking aesthetic that blends 3D animation with inventive watercolors, the value of fantasy, and how Spider-Man: Homecoming's Tom Holland made a special contribution to the titular beast's performance.This movie has such a fantastic aesthetic, both from the dark elements of the monster, to the water color. Can you talk to me a bit about how that came together?J.A. Bayona: Well, A Monster Calls is such a special and unique puzzle bringing many different pieces together. We have in the center a story of a mother and her son but at the same time we have the relationship between the kid and the monster and we have fairy tales that are told by the monster in the story. So the architecture was pretty challenging and finding the right tone for the whole thing was quite challenging. I think because it's based upon an illustrated book for me was very difficult from the very first moment to separate the story from the drawings. From the moment I decided I was going to show the tales using animation, it was like a way of bringing all those drawing from Jim Kay to the film. Watercolors, somehow, establishes a connection with Conor in a way that he's an artist and he's obsessed with drawing and using the art, tell the story in a very visual way.I think also the colors bleed in a way that it makes the watercolor feel more alive and more related to what he's going through in a sense.J.A. Bayona: The fact that it's watercolors, most of the times you can only see shapes and you interpret the shapes. You can find your own interpretation of what you're seeing through. And that's very interesting because the movie is based upon a book, when you read a book you have your own interpretation, but when you do a film you need to do the interpretation for the audience. So as a director, you want to leave some space for the audience be part of the viewing of the film and the watercolors with these characters, they don't have a face, there's a space in there so the audience can be part of the interpretation of the story.One thing that I really liked, this is one of several stories recently that's about having sympathy for a monster. It pairs a small child with a great beast. There's The BFG and Jungle Book and Pete's Dragon and then, A Monster Calls. What do you think it is about that kind of pairing that is really apparently speaking to filmmakers and hopefully to audiences right now?J.A. Bayona: Well I think fantasy is a very important part of our education. As kids we need fantasy to understand reality. This is what fairy tales were written for. Using fairy tales we can understand very complex emotions and thoughts that, the other way around, we wouldn't be able to process as kids. So I think fantasy is more effective in telling a better comprehension of life and life itself.And I heard that Tom Holland sort of has a cameo?J.A. Bayona: Well, it's more like a joke. We were shooting one day, the motion capture, and we had to do this scene with the monster tries to fit into the grandmother's living room and we didn't have a space for any actor in the kind of living room we had in our motion capture set and Tom Holland came to visit. I said, "Listen, why don't you try to put on the motion capture suit and you try to do the shot yourself?" And he did it. He did a come takes with the motion capture suit. It was more like a joke and I put his name on the credits, but it was fun.That's nice. You sort of have a Spider-Man moment.J.A. Bayona: *laughs* Yeah, more like Venom, with the black suit.Very good point. So, what do you hope this will bring to families this Christmas? J.A. Bayona: I think I've seen the movie so many times with the theater full of families that you can tell what the experience of watching A Monster Calls with a family. It's a movie that you can have a strong sense of empathy for the characters. You can relate to the kid, or you can relate to the mother or the father or the grandmother. I think it's quite an emotional journey to go and see the movie with your friends. It's a movie that stays with the audience once it finishes. It's very rewarding as a director because the energy in the room is special, so unique. It's very emotional but it's very thought provoking. It's pretty rewarding when you watch the film with an audience.Absolutely. Having seen it twice, I'd agree with that. J.A. Bayona: Thank you so much.NEXT: Sigourney Weaver Interview for A Monster Calls
Tags:
a monster calls
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Boy meets beast is the basic premise of J.A. Bayona's latest awe-striking drama, A Monster Calls. Bringing heart and life to this boy and beast are co-stars Lewis MacDougall and Liam Neeson, one a child actor who's only previous role was a bit part in Pan, the other one of the most iconic tough guys of the 21st century cinema thanks to thrillers like Batman Begins, The Grey, and the Taken trilogy.In A Monster Calls, MacDougall stars as poor Conor O'Malley, a young boy whose not only facing down bullies at school and his stern grandmother (Sigourney Weaver) at home, but also the impending death of his terminally ill mother (Felicity Jones). However, when a massive monster (Neeson) in the form of an ent-like yew tree crawls from the ground to his bedroom window, Conor makes an unlikely friend when he needs it most.Instead of pure animation, director J.A. Bayona favored a motion-capture approach that made Neeson's performance full-bodied and the production tricky. When Screen Rant sat down with Neeson and MacDougal we asked about this fascinating process, and how Spider-Man: Homecoming's Tom Holland manages to swing into it--much to Neeson's (mock) chagrin!Can you guys tell me a little bit about how you guys actually shot these scenes? Because I know you did motion capture.Liam Neeson: Yes. I did motion capture with Lewis. He was there. We shot in this special little "mo-cap", as it's called, studio outside of London for the first two weeks before principal photography started. It was Lewis, myself, our director J.A. Bayona, in this space with these wonderful computer guys and we acted our scenes and were directed very, very closely by Mr. Bayona and the computer guys added all this digital makeup to me, to the monster. I was acting to a doll this size on a house this size to get the perspective right. For the most part, Lewis was off-camera giving me this extraordinary acting performance.That's a really intense way to basically start the lead. This is a huge role where you're in every scene and then to start like, "We're just going to put you off to the side and deliver all your lines." What was that like for you?Lewis MacDougall: It was different but extremely beneficial for me to have the opportunity to rehearse because Liam wasn't actually on set when we were shooting the film. But it was great for me to actually perform with him and actually do the scenes with a real person there and be able to take that onto the set.I also heard that Tom Holland came by one day just to visit and ended up doing some mo-cap too. Did you get to work with him?Lewis MacDougall: He didn't do mo-cap, he basically, Tom did make a couple of set visits - as you know he knows the director very well from The Impossible - and one day we needed somebody just to read the monster's lines. It would occasionally be a recording of Liam but no matter how fantastic the actor is, if it's a recording it's hard to act with that. So you get a real person there, so Tom did stand in for the monster one day.That's pretty cool. So you got to act with Spider-Man?Lewis MacDougall: Yeah. *laughs*Liam Neeson: I don't think that's cool...I'm hearing this for the first time. Spider-Man dared to play the monster? *laughs*This is actually your third voiceover role, between The Chronicles of Narnia and The LEGO Movie...Liam Neeson: I'm gonna stop you. It's not a voice-over.Yeah, that's incorrect.Liam Neeson: It's motion capture.Oh no, right. Because it is motion capture.Liam Neeson: It's motion capture. Yeah.So is it your first motion capture?Liam Neeson: First motion capture, yeah, yeah. Very interesting process and very difficult for the first day because you're in an onesie with ping pong balls attached to you. But the process itself, it didn't interfere with our acting and interaction with J.A. Bayona, which was very intense and very intimate. And then these computer guys, I had all this digital makeup too. It's extraordinary. So it's not a voice.That's my mistake.Liam Neesan: Andy Serkis went to pains to put that across from Lord of the Rings years ago, because it wasn't a voice that was him playing Gollum. Incredibly.So how do you take on the physicality of a walking yew tree? There's not like there's a lot of reference or research for that.Liam Neeson: It's an act of the imagination, isn't it? Patrick's book, he's written a classic fairy tale...actually, it's not a fairy tale, it's a parable. So I took it from that, from the book and used my own imagination and hung out with a forest of yew trees for three weeks before we started shooting that helped. Laying with them...naked.The key thing of this is sympathy for the monster. What do you think is relevant in that theme right now?Liam Neeson: Ask me that again? I'm sorry. I didn't quite understand. No no, go on, ask it again.Is the idea of sympathy for monsters, what of that theme do you think might be relevant? Liam Neeson: Well, I don't think he is a monster. Conor's characters, Conor has conjured this figure up from a yew tree at the back of his house, from his grandfather, from his mother's drawings and stuff. It's an amalgamation of something he's conjured to be his buddy. To us it looks like a monster but in actual fact it's a healing spirit. Because he has nobody to talk to in the movie, this character.
Tags:
a monster calls
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Sigourney Weaver is no stranger to monster movies. In 1979, she broke onto the scene and became instantly iconic as the extraterrestrial-besting Ripley of Ridley Scott's Alien. While that franchise has moved on without her--most recently to the upcoming Alien: Covenant--Weaver is bringing her powerful onscreen presence to a different kind of creature feature with A Monster Calls.Based on the adored YA novel by Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls is a poignant drama that focuses on a young boy (Lewis MacDougall) who copes with his invalid mother's fast-approaching death by befriending a towering, tale-telling yew tree (Liam Neeson). Weaver co-stars as the boy's concerned but stern grandma. It's the first grandmother the 67-year-old actress has ever played, and a role into which Weaver resolutely sinks her teeth.When Screen Rant spoke with Weaver, we not only got into A Monster Calls and its layered approach to character development and exploring grief, but also what the world-renowned actress makes of Alien: Covenant, the role of women in sci-fi, and why heroines have been so central to the Alien franchise.So this is the first time we've ever seen you play a grandma, but she's a different kind of grandma. Can you tell us a little bit about her?Sigourney Weaver: Yes, she's an old-style grandma, in that she has a lot of rules and she is very strict and not very empathetic in the beginning. She doesn't have a very good relationship with her grandson. One of the reasons I wanted to be part of it, very rarely do you have a chance to play someone like that who then becomes, goes on a journey and transforms. You see what's underneath all that armor. Often times, especially playing an older character, you would just see the unsympathetic part but this movie takes care of all of its people and you get to know all of them during the course of it.It really deals with how people react to grief in various. I was especially drawn to the fact that on top of that it talks about validating children's fear, because I think a lot of people want to sanitize kids films and not make them too scary. When I was a kid that was the stuff I was really drawn to because it acknowledged things that I felt. Was it important to you to be involved with something that dealt with children in this kind of way?Sigourney Weaver: I think it was very important to me because I worked for a number of years with Maurice Sendak to start a children's national theater and Maurice was always writing very dark things because he said, "Children think about all this stuff and it's a big part of their world." We make a big mistake if we, as you say, sanitize it. They can tell that's not real and also, I think when you protect them they get more afraid because then they go, "What's happening?" There are monsters. So I think in the course of this movie you see the power of the imagination and how this little boy really needs to really come to terms with the complexity of this experience for himself.And also the complexity of the people around him, which was another thing regarding your character, where I could relate to her sense of, "How I'm going to deal with a bad situation is to plan ahead." And I thought it was really interesting the way they work within those realms to setup these things. What about the script particularly attracted you?Sigourney Weaver: What I found really moving was, for the grandmother especially, if you will just do, everything I tell you to do, it will save you. That's the kind of way you try to think, try to control a situation. I thought it really, the film and the script and Bayona himself, really approached the movie with the idea of telling the truth and not giving any easy answers and respecting the whole spectrum of experience for all these human beings. I felt it was a very rich film that a family could watch together and it would be a very powerful experience to watch with your family, especially if they were going through anything like this.I think I can totally relate to that. We'll see this Christmas. I wanted to ask you, with Alien: Covenant coming out, we have another film in the franchise that deals with the female heroine. As someone who grew up watching Ripley, I'm curious is you have any insight as to why female heroines have been so central to that world?Sigourney Weaver: I don't know. Actually, I think that's not true...you mean the Alien world? Because in general it's great that they're having now, like in Rogue One with Felicity, so many female heroines - it's about time. I think that Ridley has always wanted to make another Alien movie, perhaps it has a woman with a central role. I don't much about it. I know Katherine Waterston, she's worked at our theater. She's very talented.I got to talk to her about it a little bit yesterday. She's very quiet. But it seems very clearly there's a continued line.NEXT: Liam Neeson & Lewis MacDougall Interview For A Monster Calls
Tags:
a monster calls
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
When single mother Lizzie O'Malley (Felicity Jones) is diagnosed with a terminal illness, her young son, Conor O'Malley (Lewis MacDougall) is left reeling by the news - desperate to save his mother and horrified at the prospect of losing her. During the day, Conor becomes increasingly isolated from his peers, thanks to "normal" kid problems (school bullies), then spends his evenings comforting and helping his ailing mother - with limited support from his grieving grandmother (Sigourney Weaver) and his absentee father (Toby Kebbell).It is amongst this uncertainty and pain that Conor is awoken one night by a mysterious tree-like monster (voiced by Liam Neeson) who promises to tell the boy three stories - and suggests that, once the three stories are told, it will be Conor's responsibility to reveal a hidden truth. Despite his initial fear of the monster, Conor begins to view his supernatural visitor, and the stories, as a means by which he might save his mother from death - only to realize that real people, and real life, are much more complicated.Directed by J. A. Bayona (The Impossible) from a screenplay by Patrick Ness (who wrote the source book), based on an idea from the late author Siobhan Dowd, A Monster Calls weathered a complicated journey to the big screen - a journey that was punctuated by the same illness, loss, and human uncertainty highlighted within the final film. Still, it is the small things, the quiet moments and simple human truths, rather than the fantasy premise, that makes A Monster Calls an exceptional and moving story of hope in the face of grief.Bayona's movie adaptation takes liberties with the source Monster Calls story but any adjustments are purposeful: making certain the narrative and themes are as poignant for their new medium and audience as they were in print form. Fortunately, the jump from novel text to live-action film is relatively straightforward and the book's various parallels, analogies, and overarching message are not lost in adaptation. Bayona sets a rich stage, populating his film with layered characters and authentic drama - all observed from Conor's limited (and often raw) perspective.That said, in spite of the film's young lead, storybook-like animated sequences, and uplifting marketing, it's important to note that A Monster Calls is a mature tale - one that might be too dark for certain adolescent viewers (something Ness himself recently pointed out). As a book that could be consumed in portioned segments, between which parents could stop and discuss sensitive situations with children, A Monster Calls may have been approachable for younger readers; however, as a movie experience where viewers have less control over story flow, filmgoers (regardless of age) are locked into a tale of terminal illness, grief, and fear (albeit with an optimistic resolution). For that reason, parents and guardians should approach the movie with a clear understanding of what Bayona and Ness have crafted: A Monster Calls is a beautiful and inspirational depiction of a young person's battle with grief - but that doesn't mean it's for every young person.Viewers will recognize a handful of familiar ideas, relationships, and film tropes in A Monster Calls but the movie's strengths aren't defined by the amount of new ground it covers; instead, Bayona excels in depicting a gut-wrenching set of circumstances with sincerity and without compromise. Conor's limited point of view, constricted by repressed anger and sorrow, offers Bayona a unique narrative frame - which he fills with rich layers and connections for audiences to unpack (especially when it comes to the monster's stories).The film's supporting cast is relatively small with brief but meaty parts for Sigourney Weaver, Felicity Jones, Liam Neeson, and Toby Kebbell. Each of the established talents gives a honest and heartfelt performance in their respective roles but it is Lewis MacDougall that carries the movie. The young actor is tasked with a variety of challenges (including a 30-foot CGI co-star and heart-rending scenes of graphic emotion) - all of which MacDougall meets head-on. It's a brave and vulnerable turn that shapes every corner of the film - ensuring that Conor's perception of his situation, the adults and kids around him, as well as what to make of his supernatural visitor, are faithful to a person (young or old) whose life has been entirely upended.Unsurprisingly, Bayona and frequent collaborator/cinematographer Óscar Faura supply viewers rich visuals - inspired by Jim Kay's award-winning illustration work in the Monster Calls book. Bayona instills the movie with subtle flair and atmosphere throughout but scenes between Conor and the monster are particularly lavish - most apparent in Conor's storybook-like interpretations of the monster's three stories. Each tale is presented with a distinct aesthetic while reflecting thematic through-lines that borrow subtle visual cues from Conor's own life. The result? Gorgeous animated sequences that never violate the film's careful adherence to Conor's point-of-view: the monster tells a story but the version of that story on screen is filtered through Conor's imagination (not to mention his own anxieties and bias). Given how the stories are applied in resolving the central conflict of A Monster Calls, the considerate depiction of these sequences is sure to offer some of the film's most impactful moments - and biggest opportunities for post-viewing reflection.Thanks to smart changes to the source material story, Bayona and Ness deliver A Monster Calls adaption that makes artistic use of the film medium - rather than simply transferring book pages to the big screen. It's a challenging movie, with rewarding emotional payoff, but may be too dark for certain young viewers and too taxing for sensitive viewers who, owing to the spirited Monster Calls marketing, might not be not prepared for the film's resolute portrayal of grief and illness. Still, as charming as it is thought-provoking, A Monster Calls succeeds in honoring Siobhan Dowd's original concept - just as it provides a relatable tale of fear and hope (especially for anyone who has endured a crushing loss).TRAILERA Monster Calls runs 108 minutes and is Rated PG-13 for thematic content and some scary images. Now playing in theaters.Let us know what you thought of the film in the comment section below.
Tags:
a monster calls
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The summer movie season has come to a close for 2016, which means that the types of movies in theaters will be shifting soon. Big franchises like Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, Doctor Strange, and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will still have their time to shine, but the rest of new releases will aim to get their name in awards consideration. One of the films that looked to have a chance a possibly snagging a nomination or two was A Monster Calls, the new movie from director J.A. Bayona. Throughout the first trailer, the emotional story and brief glimpses at the performances involved gave indications that the film could have a presence at next year's Oscars.A Monster Calls had been slated to hit theaters on October 21st, with the likes of Liam Neeson and Felicity Jones attached in key roles. The movie should have done fairly well for itself on that release date, but Focus Features seems to believe the movie will be a bigger hit than they initially thought.Deadline is reporting that A Monster Calls has left that October 21st release date. The movie will now have a limited release on December 23rd before expanding for a nationwide release on January 6, 2017. Should it have stayed in it's initial spot, the film would have gone head-to-head with Jack Reacher: Never Go Back. The hope from the studio is the push into prime Oscar season will give the movie better chances of earning nominations and possibly even winning some as well.This is not the first movie of 2016 to push its release date back for more Oscar considerations, with The Founder doing the same thing not long ago. However, it has now put itself in a position to come out post Rogue One, and only a few days after Assassin's Creed and Chris Pratt and Jennifer Lawrence's movie Passengers. This could hurt the box office performance of the movie should audiences go back for repeat business on previous releases, but the move indicates that the studio is perhaps not as worried about the box office numbers.A Monster Calls should garner plenty of interest when it does hit theaters thanks to the talent involved in the cast, the fantastic visuals, and its intriguing story. If that is not enough to get fans in seats, it is worth remembering that Bayona will helm Jurassic World 2 next, so fans of that franchise should be interested in seeing what he can do. If he is able to bring a life-like level of CGI and a heartfelt story to both movies, audiences should be pleased with what is shown.A Monster Calls opens in limited release December 23, 2016, before opening across the U.S. on January 6, 2017.Source: Deadline
Tags:
a monster calls
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Director J.A. Bayona first became known to most audiences as the director of 2007's The Orphanage, a Spanish horror film produced by Guillermo del Toro and similar in style to some of del Toro's own films. Bayone went on to direct 2012's The Impossible and is slated to direct Jurassic World 2, which will begin filming in February 2017.Before making the jump to big Hollywood blockbusters with the Jurassic World sequel, however, Bayona directed A Monster Calls, which had been slated to hit theaters on October 21st but has since been moved to Christmas weekend 2016. A Monster Calls is the story of a boy who is trying to cope with his mother's terminal illness when he befriends a giant tree monster, voiced by Liam Neeson. A trailer for the film dropped back in April and offered a promising peak at the mournful-looking tale, with an additional trailer released in July.Now the first wave of reviews for A Monster Calls are in from the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival, and "mournful-looking" may be an understatement. Reviewers have offered almost universal praise for the movie, but with the caveat that it elicited tears in even the most cynical among them.Keep reading for excerpts from some of the first reviews of A Monster Calls:Cinemablend -- Sean O'ConnellJ.A. Bayona's A Monster Calls is a masterpiece. Full stop. It's a breathtakingly beautiful, emotionally honest and gut-wrenchingly sad look at coping with death, at maturing in the face of a tragedy, and of the importance of strengthening familial bonds. It's also one of the most powerful celebrations of the art and importance of storytelling, a medium that tends to lure us into movies like A Monster Calls in the first place.THR -- John DeForeThe film brings some of the creepiness of the Spaniard's 2007 debut The Orphanage to what might otherwise be mildly sappy family fare. A neither-this-nor-that quality may make this pic tough for marketers, but taken together, Bayona's three features represent fine qualifications for his gig at the helm of 2018's unnamed Jurassic World sequel.Collider -- Adam ChitwoodEvery screening of A Monster Calls should automatically include a free box of Kleenex when you walk in the door... In this grief drama with a touch of fantasy (think Pan’s Labyrinth), director J.A. Bayona proves wholly adept at crafting a tale of genuine emotion that is packed with imagination and sincerity, offering up a strangely cathartic fairy tale of sorts that never lets the fantasy overwhelm the character drama.Den of Geek -- Edward DouglasFew filmmakers have mastered the dark fantasy genre as well as Guillermo del Toro did with Pan’s Labyrinth, so to have another movie come along and offer something just as moving and memorable as the pinnacle of said genre is both astonishing and quite wonderful.... Visually compelling and emotionally draining, this dark fable is an unforgettable experience, and Bayona’s talents as a filmmaker are now undeniable.IndieWire -- Eric KohnAt times, A Monster Calls has a rushed quality, as it goes through the motions of Conor receiving more dour updates about his mother and whining about it to the adults in his life. However, Bayona excels at letting the spectacular moments [rule] the show. As Conor grows closer to confronting his repressed emotions, A Monster Calls develops an eerie layer around the possibility that the boy could face a psychological meltdown.JoBlo -- Chris Bumbray[J.A. Bayona]'s back with a complex, fantasy-drama that’ll no doubt dazzle receptive audiences with its storytelling and world-building, while also making even the most jaded film fan reach for the hankies, as evidenced by the loud sobs coming from the packed press and industry screening - and bear in mind a crowd doesn’t come much more cynical than that.Uproxx -- Vince ManciniA Monster Calls is one of those films that’s so poignant, personal, and thoughtfully crafted that you can’t help but praise it, even though you never want to see it again and secretly maybe didn’t even enjoy it that much the first time. Wait, wait, no, where are you going? It’s very good! Beautifully shot, finely acted, written with both passion and nuance! You’ll probably cry!TheWrap -- Steve PondEven though the monster gets too talky at other times, and the character design doesn’t quite allow Neeson to come through the way The BFG did for [actor Mark] Rylance, this is filmmaking with heart, flair and imagination... A Monster Calls is a touch of magic in the night.For fans of Bayona's previous work as well as that of his friend and mentor Guillermo del Toro, seeing A Monster Calls appears to be a no-brainer. While it is not quite the horror movie that The Orphanage was, it has the level of special effects that one would expect from a del Toro film and an emotional core that appears to have struck a nerve with reviewers. Grief can be a tricky subject to address in a movie aimed toward children, where filmmakers have to successfully straddle the line between being too maudlin and too dark. If the early reviews of A Monster Calls are any indication, though, Bayona has done just that. Just be sure to bring a few tissues along.-A Monster Calls opens in limited release December 23, 2016, before opening across the U.S. on January 6, 2017.Source: Various (see above)
Tags:
a monster calls
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
It appears that last month's early review of A Nightmare On Elm Street might have been right about its many shortcomings, as the Platinum Dunes’ remake is currently reshooting scenes of the film. While reshoots are nothing new in the film industry, these reshoots are big enough that they require new casting.Take a look at the casting sheet. If you fit any of these descriptions, maybe you can help make this film not suck. Nightmare on Elm St - New Casting Call for Minor Characters[WAITRESS] 40s. She works at the diner with NANCY. She started working at the diner as a summer job 20 years ago and never left. PLEASE SUBMIT CHARACTER ACTORS WITH GREAT FACES (Two lines)[DUTCH] 50s. The owner of a small-town American diner at which NANCY works. PLEASE SUBMIT CHARACTER ACTORS WITH GREAT WEATHERED FACES. (One line)[TEENAGE GUY] Eating at the diner with JESSE, QUENTIN and a FRIEND, he tells QUENTIN that asking NANCY about the diner specials doesn't count as talking to her. Please keep in mind that they must be playing high school age. Please submit all character types - from cool to charactery. (One line)[FRIEND] Eating at the diner with JESSE, QUENTIN, and TEENAGE GUY, he asks what the point would be of getting to know someone when they all graduate in a few months anyway. Please keep in mind that they must be playing high school age. Please submit all character types - from cool to charactery. (One line)While I’ve pretty much poo-poo’d on this remake from the beginning, I’m not going to give them any crap about this. Reshoots are something that many films do and I couldn’t be happier that they’re going the extra mile in an attempt to make the film better. I don’t think anyone would disagree with me when I say that they could release this film as-is and it would make a boat-load of money, no matter how good or bad it is.This news might return some of my lost excitement for this film as reshoots are not cheap. So, the fact that the studio is willing to spend the money on this film means that they believe spending the money will be worth it in the end.Still, there’s no way can they go back and change the look of Freddy, but if everything else in the film is good, maybe I can live with it.…Maybe.Any thoughts about the reshoot? Care? Don’t Care?Speak your mind, but remember that we’ve all got to sleep sometime and I, for one, don’t want to have any of those creepy little girls singing outside my window.A Nightmare On Elm Street hits theaters April 30, 2010Source:  Spoiler TV [via: Shock Till You Drop]
Tags:
nightmare on elm street
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
This past weekend there was a test screening for the highly anticipated Platinum Dunes re-imagining of the horror classic, A Nightmare on Elm Street. Lucky for us, someone going by the pseudonym "Skin Peeler"  was in attendance and wrote up an extremely lengthy review of the film for the folks over at Ain’t It Cool News.What did he think? While I’ve sampled some of the highlights from the review here, I can tell you right now that it appears much work needs to be done before the April 30, 2010, release date. Keep in mind that none of the effects, sound, editing (pretty much everything) are final at this moment.In an attempt to save space and get right to the review, I shall save my musings and non-sequiturs until the end. I should also note that we tweaked some of the original text from the review - didn't want you guys blaming us  for some of the spelling decisions he made.Now, on to the film…How's Jackie Earle Haley’s performance as Freddy Krueger in Comparison to the original Freddy, Robert Englund?Haley's portrayal will no doubt be compared to Robert Englund's performance. In my eyes, Englund's was at times a dark presence of pure anger, at other times a bizarre caricature like an carnival barker or angry drunk and pervy uncle. Haley's portrayal seems to be no nonsense, to the point, smarmy, ugly, repulsive and just plain vile... what you would expect from a child molester and it fits the story. However, the writers don't let him playfully toy with his prey as much, he simply twists the screws...Kruger was never a Pinhead or Hannibal when it came to dialog, and I know they were going for a more serious slant this time, but he (Englund’s Freddy) had a confidence that made you know you were f**ked since he had you in his world and Haley works with what he is given.Freddy’s Make-Up and the overall look of the film.The set and makeup departments did an excellent job: Freddy looks like a freakish burn victim, many of the dream and flashback scenes are dark and have that 'Silent Hill' feel. It's like they watched a bunch of great horror films for inspiration... but with the sound muted. ANoES's story, dialog and acting don't quite match the imagery.But is it Scary?This film is chock-full of heart-stopping jump out and scare you moments... the audience was definitely given some jumps, however it's overdone and hides the lack of any real horror. The cheap scares become like little Snickers bites in a bag of Halloween candy: a quick jolt but soon forgotten. This would be fine if there were some good psychological horror thrown in, like a juicy steak for a more substantial meal, however all that's left is a sugar crash.Possibility of PG-13 rating?I don't recall seeing much hard core 'guro' besides slashes, blood and Freddy's hand suddenly appearing through someone's chest, possibly leaving open the possibility of a PG-13 rating? …no nudity in the film, however Freddy is a brutal killer with themes of child molestationConclusion…the version I saw tonight could have been an excellent remake. At this point it's at merely 'mediocre' status in my mind, but with possible 'good' potential. I want for it to be good and I would love to see more of Haley. I don't know what can be done at this point to fix the actors chosen or the missing elements to raise the horror, but I stay hopeful. The editing still has time to be tightened, as I am already forgetting the entire middle of the film except for the flashbacks.The story also has some great set ups only to fall short because of characters you could care less about (Apologies to the actors... blame bad casting).Final ThoughtsJust please figure out do you want a PG-13 movie or R? When you make a film, you shouldn't give a sh*t about the rating. This is a Nightmare on Elm Street... It should be a given it's an 'R' rating.Well, there you have it. Overall, I’d have to say that I now have zero excitement for this flick. From what this audience member writes, it sounds like it’s a decent horror film, but I’m not looking for a decent horror film, I want a  Nightmare On Elm Street film. There is a difference.It’s disappointing that the acting is horrible with someone like Jackie Earle Haley in this film. I have a feeling that whatever I end up thinking of his portrayal of the infamous Freddy Krueger, it would be so much better if he were acting against better talent.Still, there is an interesting difference between the relationships between the victims and Krueger in this version as compared to the original, and  I’m really curious as to his ultimate guilt or innocence.Alright, enough of me. Skin Peeler took up so much space that I’ll have to leave my musings and non sequiturs for another time.… or will I? (Yes, I will)After reading this, what do you think? Is this the film you hoped it would be? Are you still excited about going to see it? How are you going to feel when they announce the sequel? (Because you know they will!)A Nightmare On Elm Street is slated to be released on April 30, 2010.Source: Ain't It Cool News
Tags:
nightmare on elm street
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Yesterday morning, the teaser trailer for A Nightmare On Elm Street was released upon the world. Today, our friends over at Bloody Disgusting not only have the full synopsis for the film, but have also pulled over 40 high-res photos from the trailer. Now you won't have to keep skipping around and hitting pause in an attempt to get a good look at Jackie Earle Haley as Freddy Kruger.Here's an exert from the official synopsis:A group of suburban teenagers share one common bond: they are all being stalked by Freddy Krueger, a horribly disfigured killer who hunts them in their dreams. As long as they stay awake, they can protect one another...but when they sleep, there is no escape.Donning Freddy's trademark fedora, red-and-green striped sweater, and four-bladed glove is Academy Award® nominee Jackie Earle Haley ("Little Children," "Watchmen").The film is being directed by award-winning music video and commercial director Samuel Bayer (Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit," Green Day's "Boulevard of Broken Dreams"), marking his feature film debut.The teens whose dreams are terrorized by Freddy Krueger are played by an ensemble of young actors, including Kyle Gallner ("The Haunting in Connecticut"), Katie Cassidy ("Taken," TV's "Supernatural"), Rooney Mara ("Urban Legend: Bloody Mary"), Thomas Dekker ("Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles"), and Kellan Lutz ("Twilight," upcoming "The Twilight Saga: New Moon"). The supporting cast also includes veteran character actor Clancy Brown ("The Shawshank Redemption," "Highlander") and Connie Britton ("Friday Night Lights").Samuel Bayer is directing "A Nightmare on Elm Street" from a screenplay by Wesley Strick ("Cape Fear," "Wolf") and Eric Heisserer. The film is produced by Platinum Dunes' Michael Bay, Andrew Form and Brad Fuller, whose company has enjoyed success with a number of re-imagined horror franchises, including "Friday the 13th," "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre," and "The Amityville Horror." The executive producers are Bob Shaye, Michael Lynne, and Mike Drake ("The Number 23," "The Whole Nine Yards"). The co-producer is John Rickard.To give you a better look at Freddy's face/makeup, we played with the brightness/contrast of the images. These were the results:Check the full synopsis and gallery of pics over at Bloody Disgusting.After being able to read the synopsis and taking a better look at the scenes from the trailer, have your feelings changed at all in regards to the film? What about Haley's look as Freddy?Thoughts? Let's hear 'em!A Nightmare on Elm Street will be released in April 2010.Source: Bloody Disgusting
Tags:
nightmare on elm street
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
After much speculation and spending many hours in Photoshop trying to tweak still images from the trailer, we finally get a good look at what Freddy Krueger will look like in the remake of A Nightmare On Elm Street. Although, the funny thing is that it’s not coming from New Line, but from… a toy?The folks over at Figure.com sat down with NECA's (National Entertainment Collectibles Association) Head of Product Development, Randy Falk, to talk about all things regarding adult collectibles (that’s what I call them to justify my purchases to my girlfriend) and Mr. Falk not only had some tidbits about the upcoming figures based on the Nightmare remake, he just so happened to have a picture of one as well.Really, New Line? We’ve been trying to get a good look at Freddy forever and you’re telling me that the only thing I had to do was talk to the guys that design the action figures (there, I said it)? Thanks a lot.Now, before any of you Negative Nancy’s (I know you’re out there) say anything about how "It’s just a toy and that it’s not really going to look like this in the movie," the people behind these figures spend countless hours looking at reference photos before they make a sculpt such as this and while there may be little differences here and there between actual Freddy and toy Freddy, this is pretty much what he’s going to look like.So, without any further delay… Here he is, folks.Your dream master… Mr. Fredrick KruegerUgh… I don’t know. I just don’t know. After reading an an early review of A Nightmare on Elm Street and now this, I just don’t care anymore. Sure, he looks… realistic, I guess. Realistic for a burn victim. I just never saw why realism was such a big thing to shoot for in a movie where a man can kill you in your dreams...You can see how they pulled off the whole “he doesn’t have lips” thing and the glove does look a little big compared to his body, but maybe that’s just because it’s an action figure.  Still, my problem with the look of this Freddy is that he doesn’t really look menacing. Sure, he’s all burned up and what not, but if it came down to it, I think I could take Freddy – this version at least.Although, the movie has yet to come out and all things aside, I will be seeing it and hopefully my thoughts will be changed.…hopefully.You know what? Looking at that Freddy toy does bring to mind another popular character:Scarecrow from Batman: The Animated SeriesWhile many of you will agree with me and many of you will disagree with me, I’m sure we can all agree that the people on my side are right. ;-)Still, that’s what we’ve got comments for, so let’s hear it!A Nightmare On Elm Street Hits theaters April 30, 2010.Source: Figures.com [via: Shock Till You Drop]
Tags:
nightmare on elm street
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The first official teaser trailer for the remake of A Nightmare on Elm Street made its way online early this morning/late last night and we have it here for you, courtesy of MySpace.The remake stars Jackie Earle Haley as the notorious Freddy Krueger, taking over for Robert Englund who made the character famous in the original Nightmare on Elm Street movies.Check out the trailer after the jump.Here's the teaser:Wow. Looks pretty good to me. I think this movie will be big when it comes out.From way back in March, we reported on details of the new script, outlining some of the changes we'd be seeing from the remake compared to the original series of films. The remake would take a more serious tone and feature less of the comedic parody-like dialogue from Freddy.After being burned alive by a mob of angry parents, a pre-school gardener/caretaker named Freddy returns for revenge against the children, now 18 years old, that accused him of sexual abuse. But was Freddy a child molester or was he falsely accused? This is the central question and main addition to the film’s plot. Freddy doesn’t have many lines, but that isn’t all that surprising considering that the film’s producers have said the character doesn’t joke around.Read that makes you wonder whether or not he's truely pure evil or if he's seeking vengeance against those who committed evil upon him.Starring alongside Jackie Earle Haley and playing his likely victims are Rooney Mara, Kyle Gallner, Katie Cassidy, Thomas Dekker, Kellan Lutz, Clancy Brown and Connie Britton.What did you think of the teaser?Directed by Samuel Bayer, A Nightmare on Elm Street opens April 30, 2010.Source: MySpace
Tags:
nightmare on elm street
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Short Version: A Perfect Getaway isn't perfect, but Timothy Olyphant makes it entertaining.Screen Rant reviews A Perfect GetawayA Perfect Getaway was written and directed by David Twohy, the gentleman who brought us the Vin Diesel vehicles Pitch Black and The Chronicles of Riddick. Here he brings us a very different type of movie: The story of a newlywed couple on their honeymoon in Hawaii, trying to figure out if any of the couples around them are murderers.Now I have a fairly strict "no spoiler" policy in my reviews, but there is no way to properly review this film without talking about the fact that there is a "twist" in the story. I won't say what that twist is but there is one.Cliff (Steve Zahn) and Cydney (Milla Jovovich) are a newlywed couple - we see a few scenes videotaped from their wedding reception of their friends wishing them well before they leave for Hawaii. They're young and full of the promise of a life together.They decide to take a long hike to one of the most remote and beautiful beaches in the islands. On the road to the trailhead they run into a creepy young couple (Chris "soon to be Thor" Hemsworth and Marley Shelton) who immediately sets your radar off - the guy gets offended that Cliff and Cydney (man, I hate stupidly spelled common names) hesitated at giving them a ride and they part ways. Later on our intrepid couple runs into Nick (Timothy Olyphant) and Gina (Kiele Sanchez), another young but more "wilderness ready" couple. They decide to team up and continue on together, all the while leery of the other couple they met on the road, suspecting them to be the killers of another young newlywed couple not long ago.Of course the question is which couple are the murderers, and what happens once they are revealed.A Perfect Getaway has two very different parts - the lead up to the discovery and what comes after. Up until the reveal, while the film has plenty of moments of tension it's actually quite funny. Olyphant (from Hitman) steals the show as far as I'm concerned - he was very charming and funny, moreso to movie fans I think because much of the humor between him and Zahn (who plays a budding screenwriter) was sort of winking at the audience. In one scene shortly after Olyphant appears in the film and we don't know if he might be one of the killers, he mentions to Zahn the introduction of a "red snapper" (actually red herring) into a film to throw off the audience. There are more of these types of little jokes as well as others, and to me they were a pleasant surprise. Some say there were overused, but I got a kick out of them.What wasn't a surprise was the result of the twist, and frankly I found it quite improbable based on what had come before. I would have preferred a more conventional non-Shyamalan attempt at making the story "different."From the point of the reveal the film shifts gears big time into a non-stop cat and mouse game with plenty of edge of your seat moments, violence and some pretty realistic (but not overly done) gore. So while very different, what came before and after the big reveal was pretty entertaining (although I actually enjoyed the first half of the film more) - but the nature of the twist just seemed contrived.Overall I thought it was pretty good - I particularly enjoyed Olyphant, Milla Jovovich looked attractive as ever and acted well, Zahn is always fun to watch and Kiele Sanchez was gorgeous (the scene in which she first appears is quite... distracting). And for the Chris Hemsworth as Thor doubters, his appearance in A Perfect Getaway might go a ways towards convincing you he might be able to pull it off with about another 20 pounds of muscle on him.
Tags:
3 star movies,
a perfect getaway
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Warning: This article contains minor SPOILERS for A Quiet Place.Getting the right design for the aliens in A Quiet Place took a long time, so it's no surprise that the monster's original look was much different than the final version that ended up on screen. From the beginning, screenwriters Bryan Woods and Scott Beck knew they wanted to make a horror movie without sound, but they never expected their nascent idea to become what it did. Part of that is due to the unique alien that was created for the film.In most horror movies, aliens and monsters have simple motivations: to kill, or survive by killing. It's a tale as old as time, but the creative team behind A Quiet Place wanted to take their monster-based, post-apocalyptic story in a different direction. In this film, the monsters - which writer, director, and star John Krasinski confirmed come from outer space - are attracted to and repelled by sound. It's all about sound. That's what inspired their base design, as well as what they looked like in the end. But leading up to a final composition took quite a bit of time. In fact, they started designing the monster before entering pre-production, thanks to a suggestion from original Cloverfield movie writer Drew Goddard.Related: Matt Hawker SFX Interview: A Quiet PlaceAccording to comments made by the crew in the special features on A Quiet Place's home video release, the production team led by Jeffery Beecroft and concept artist Luis Carrasco, as well as many other crew members, started by making the monster blind since they were drawn to sound. Krasinski took inspiration from prehistoric fish, with Beecroft looking at nautilus shells. While all that eventually led to the final design, they originally had much bigger, more rigid monsters on their mind:Some things to take note of that are similar between the original and final designs are that the aliens are blind and they have flaps on their heads. Krasinski was adamant about the aliens having flaps that open up and expose their ears. Just like how human ears curve, the designers tried to mimic that plating with the aliens' ears, giving them the ability to detect sound, directionally. Interestingly, the screeching sound the aliens made was initially considered too loud and uncomfortable that they had to significantly tone it down over time.Krasinski's primary request to ILM and visual effects supervisor Scott Farrar was to hold the aliens back as much as possible. From the start, they wanted the experience to be more like Jaws in which the monsters aren't seen too much, which forces the audience to fill in the blanks with their imagination. But, the creatives really started to like what the production team came up with that they decided to show off the aliens even more towards the end of the film. Giving audiences one or two scenes to analyze the alien monsters goes a long way in helping them understand this movie's world.More: Everything We Learned About A Quiet Place From The Blu-RayA Quiet Place is out now on digital HD and Blu-ray.
Tags:
a quiet place
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Emily Blunt has revealed that she knows "the basics" regarding the upcoming sequel, A Quiet Place 2, which is currently being written by her co-star and real-life husband John Krasinski - who also co-wrote and directed the first film. Upon release, A Quiet Place was a hit with moviegoers and critics, so it wasn't surprising when Paramount announced a follow-up to the post-apocalyptic horror-thriller, which is set for release in May 2020.A Quiet Place was set in a post-alien-invaded world, where members of society struggle to live after the world is decimated by creatures hunting by sound. The film focuses on the Abbott family and their attempts to keep their children alive by suppressing the use of sound. Blunt stars as Evelyn, the matriarch of the family, while Krasinski starred as the patriarch, Lee. The rest of the cast included Millicent Simmonds, Noah Jupe, Leon Russom, and Cade Woodward. Not much is known about the upcoming sequel, but Blunt has stated she knows something regarding the project.Related: John Krasinski Reveals He Played the Quiet Place MonsterDuring an interview with Entertainment Tonight, Blunt stated that she knows "the basics" about A Quiet Place 2, but what that includes is not yet known. Blunt joked that she knows everything regarding the sequel before making it clear that Krasinski is still hard at work on the script. However, once Krasinski has completed the script, she is very certain that she will learn more details. When asked about the sequel Blunt said:“I know all; I know everything, No, I know enough. But he’s also writing, so he’s in that sort of vortex. And then I’m sure I’ll read stuff eventually. But I know the basics.”No specific details about the story have been announced, but the one concrete detail that's been revealed about the project is that it will not be a traditional sequel. Krasinski has hinted that it could focus on a different family, but that doesn't mean Blunt and her other co-stars will not be featured, as there is always a chance for the Abbotts to return. Recently, Krasinski made it known that he would like to direct A Quiet Place 2 if everything goes accordingly, though this has yet to be confirmed.A Quiet Place 2 is still over a year away from its theatrical release, and with the script not yet complete, fans should buckle up for a long waiting period before plot details are shared. While Blunt seems to know a bit more than the general public, it also appears Krasinski is keeping his plans under lock and key until the script is complete. Whether or not it can live up to the hype following the first film remains to be seen, but its odds seem hopeful considering the talent involved behind the scenes.More: Early Cuts Of A Quiet Place Featured No Sound WhatsoeverSource: Entertainment Tonight
Tags:
a quiet place 2
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A Quiet Place's Oscar campaign has apparently already begun. John Krasinski's horror film was a huge critical and commercial success when it hit theaters this past April - earning an astounding 95 percent score on review-aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes - turning the small-budget flick into a blockbuster hit. So, it isn't surprising that it's considered to have awards potential.The film marked Krasinski's first foray into horror/thriller, and he's already begun work on A Quiet Place 2 with producer Andrew Form. But what made the project so special to begin with was the film's family drama that centered and grounded the post-apocalyptic story. Of course, each performance - in addition to writing, directing, and producing - is what elevated the film compared to other thrillers this year, which is what voters will remember when awards season starts up. But there's no harm in getting the promotional campaign going already.Related: John Krasinski Will Definitely Be Back for A Quiet Place 2According to THR, ID, the public relations firm that represents both Krasinski and Emily Blunt, has begun to reach out to entertainment journalists to remind them of the critically lauded film. The PR firm sent a letter, a DVD of A Quiet Place, and a running list of positive quotes from reviews to select writers preparing for awards season coverage. The letter began with a simple statement on the forthcoming awards season and a call to remind journalists of the film. A part of the letter also included a more personal touch about the film:"While the film is viewed as a terrifying, nerve-shredding horror, Krasinski did not take this project on for the scares. He was influenced by the story’s universal message around family. This film is a 'love letter' to his daughters. He visually demonstrates how it feels to be a parent in this day and age, and the lengths in which a parent will go to protect their children."Awards season is a hectic time for both entertainment journalists and all the players who pour their time and efforts into their projects. While the team behind A Quiet Place seems to be starting early, the general process is there. Distributors will primarily back a handful of films, then sending screeners to journalists. But as the thick of awards season comes closer, events will be held and "For Your Consideration" phrases will be used to gain the confidence of Academy members, journalists, and guild members, among others. Pushing boundaries even further, production and distribution teams will frame narratives around their films to gain even more favor. It's a complicated process, but it remains obvious when it's awards season.Around this time last year, another independent horror film began to make waves and became an early awards contender. The film was Jordan Peele's directorial debut Get Out, which would go on to win Peele the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay, among its four nominations. Like Get Out, A Quiet Place is a critically acclaimed and crowd pleasing film. With Krasinski only at the beginning of his directorial efforts, it is an achievement for the film to have gained this success. While it is still very early in the process for awards season, A Quiet Place could pull off the same type of success as Get Out. The film takes a dramatic spin on the horror genre with an original idea. With the film's actors having to convey so much of what they're saying without speaking, their performances likely won't go unnoticed either. It is early on to be discussing awards season, but A Quiet Place is a film to remember in the coming months.More: Screen Rant's Top 5 Favorite Movies of 2018 (So Far)Source: THR
Tags:
a quiet place
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Plan 9 From Outer Space just entered the public domain, and being the little Sci-Fi buff, I thought I should introduce my daughter to this infamous film. If you're not familiar with it, it's widely known as the worst film ever made. :-)It was written, produced and directed by Ed Wood (go rent the film of the same name by Tim Burton for some background).In any case, if ever there was a film that was ripe for a remake, and one of the very few projects I would get behind in this regard, this would be it. But no, the studios are too busy doing remakes of lame 80's TV shows instead.The cool thing about a remake of "Plan 9" is that it could go in either of two directions: It could be made on a shoestring, with the attempt to recapture the unintentionally funny spirit of the original, or the basic story could be turned into a real horror/sci-fi film. I mean it's got the elements, right? Re-animated corpses, aliens, spaceships...Come on folks, somebody throw a script together and get busy!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Netflix has made a lot of money by catering to fan interests. The online service is about to debut Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life in less than two weeks, and fans of the near-revived series are ecstatic. Likewise, the company has seen quite a bit of success by adopting shows from other networks, like BBC's Black Mirror and FOX's Arrested Development. Netflix knows what fans want, and is unafraid to capitalize on that.Now, fans are eagerly gearing up for Netflix's A Series of Unfortunate Events, which is set to debut early next year. Between teaser trailers and casting news, excitement has only been building since the streaming service announced its plans to adapt the novels back in 2014. With Neil Patrick Harris set to star as Count Olaf and a number of young faces stepping up to play the Baudelaire children, there are so many reasons to be buzzing about the upcoming show -- and Daniel Handler, better known as Lemony Snicket, and NPH himself just gave supporters another.Earlier today, Handler and Neil Patrick Harris tweeted three new still from the show. The first two, courtesy of Handler, offer first looks at Catherine O'Hara as Dr. Orwell (alongside Louis Hynes as Klaus Baudelaire) and Joan Cusack as Justice Strauss. Harris's tweet depicts himself as Captain Sham, one of Olaf's deceptive aliases throughout the series. In his tweet, Handler also indicates that we'll see a full trailer later this week -- implying that the images might be stills from the very same video. Check out the new images, below:[vn_gallery name="A Series of Unfortunate Events Images" id="841125"]Dr. Orwell made her first appearance in the series' fourth novel, The Miserable Mill, when she tried to hypnotize Klaus into obedience. Justice Strauss is Count Olaf's kindly next-door neighbor, who helps the Baudelaire children out during their stay with the evil Count. Olaf becomes Captain Sham in order to entice the Baudelaires' Aunt Josephine, so that she might transfer the children back into his care. Fans of the Unfortunate Events movie adaptation will undoubtedly notice the humorous connection between these images: Catherine O'Hara plays Dr. Orwell in the series, though she was the original Justice Strauss in the film.It's awesome to see seasoned comedic actresses O'Hara (Home Alone) and Cusack (School of Rock, Shameless) in their element -- that image of Cusack as Strauss especially signals some hilarious moments, if the martini and the law book are any indication. Many fans were excited to learn that Neil Patrick Harris would play Count Olaf, as he made his name as a character actor in roles like Dr. Horrible (Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog) and Barney Stinson (How I Met Your Mother).There's not much else to say, except that we are beyond psyched to see this trailer. It's sure to be filled with the same dark humor and zany mix-ups that characterized the source material, and it'll help hold us over until the series finally debuts next year. Well, for a little while, at least.A Series of Unfortunate Events debuts on Netflix on January 13, 2017.Source: Daniel Handler
Tags:
a series of unfortunate events
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Children's books have always made good material for both movie and television adaptations, but there have never been children's books quite like Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events. The stories are delightfully dark, with events both horrible and hilarious as the three Baudelaire children -- Violet, Klaus, and baby Sunny -- must learn to protect themselves from the adults in their lives interested in exploiting them.Orphaned when their parents died in a fire, the Baudelaire children are sent to live with their nearest living relative, Count Olaf. But Olaf is only interested in stealing the children's large inheritance, which they'll receive in four years when Violet turns 18. The premiere follows his various, dastardly attempts, from imprisoning the young Baudelaires to trying to marry Violet, and the rest of the series eventually sees them go to live with other relatives while Olaf continues making their lives as miserable as possible.Part cautionary tale, part coming-of-age adventure -- but mostly just an absurdist and wonderfully weird story -- Netflix's A Series of Unfortunate Events adapts the first four books of the series across eight episodes. Neil Patrick Harris stars as the horrid Count Olaf, with Malina Weissman, Louis Hynes, and Presley Smith as the Baudelaires: Violet, Klaus, and Sunny. And in a move that's straight from the books, Patrick Warburton plays Lemony Snicket himself (an identity that's actually the pen name of author Daniel Handler), narrating each episode and -- just as Snicket does throughout the novels -- repeatedly urging us to look away.Having Warburton's Snicket freely walk in and out of scenes like he's Rod Serling from The Twilight Zone works brilliantly, with each dryly delivered line perfectly translating the book's narration for the screen and his mere presence reminding us of the story's unbelievable nature. It's a neat element used to great effect throughout the premiere. Warburton plays Snicket as a man forced with relaying to us this terrible but true (though obviously not really true) story, being both against sharing it and compelled to do so. Unsurprisingly, Warburton does this effortlessly, letting his character be sympathetic to the Baudelaire children's plight and at the same time far removed from it.Snicket works to not only help move along the story, book-ending many scenes, but that duality in his nature is something of a template that just about all of the adult characters follow. Mr. Poe (K. Todd Freeman), the executor of the Baudelaire's will, does help the children but in such a hurried fashion he doesn't even think through that "closest living relative" probably doesn't mean geographically; his wife can't imagine why the children wouldn't want the whole town to know they're being looked after, using their unfortunate circumstances as front page news; and Count Olaf, well, his duplicity is written on his sleeve (or rather ankle) as his interest in the Baudelaire children has absolutely nothing to do with their well-being.That practically every adult is terrible and no good does, at times, seem to be the message coming across, especially when seen from the perspective of the Baudelaire children - each very bright and talented in their own way, even baby Sunny. But while the series likes to feature the children constantly being talked down to, often by having some vocabulary unnecessarily explained (though what a great vocab builder that bit can also be), there is at least one adult who doesn't initially appear to be utterly awful: Justice Strauss (Joan Cusack). She's still a quirky character, to be sure, but in her seems to be actual consideration for the children - even if she's just as blind to the truth about Count Olaf and his custody. She's kind and caring and has an enormous library; she's basically the perfect caregiver for the Baudelaire's and therefor an instant to foil to Olaf.Olaf is a tricky character. He's vile and cruel, he has a menace about him, threatening that he'll go to any lengths to get what he wants. He's also very funny, often in a really insensitive manner but still funny. At the core of Olaf, though, he's a pathetic character. It's clear he's amounted to nothing, his mansion is in ruins, and while the song he performs is actually pretty good (a side effect of casting NPH), his plan to steal the Baudelaire fortune just reeks of desperation. And yet through all of this he remains an enthralling character, keeping our attention as we wonder just what despicable thing he'll do next.Harris is fantastic in the role, never letting his performance become too much of a caricature - which is really saying something when the character is this absurd. Much like Warburton's deadly serious Snicket, Harris throws himself into Count Olaf full stop, selling every sneer and glare. It is literally a transformative performance (requiring some fantastic prosthetics) and it's unlike anything Harris has done before. Of course, when you cast someone as talented as Harris, you're practically guaranteed a knockout performance, and his Olaf is easily the best part of the premiere.Netflix's biggest hit in years was last summer's Stranger Things and much credit was deservedly given to that show's child actors. A Series of Unfortunate Events also stars three young actors and just like Stranger Things they are very much the heart of the show. Obviously, it's Weissman and Hynes who do the bulk of the work, but even infant Smith gives a charming performance. The Baudelaires are not only our protagonists, they are the only sensible characters in the whole series. It's a bit of a reverse but one that children's stories often employ, having the children be more responsible than the adults, but here that reversal is ratcheted up to ridiculous levels. Less believable child actors wouldn't be able to pull this off nearly as well as Wiessman and Hynes, as they flip between exasperation to indignation to even, on occasion, portraying a glimmer of hope.The dialogue in this premiere episode is witty and clever, and at times there are lines that go by so quickly you may need to rewind just to catch the joke (something that's so much easier to do with a book). Not that any of this should be too surprising seeing as Handler himself penned the script. The premiere is also directed by Barry Sonnenfeld, who is no stranger to gothic fantasies, having directed classics like The Addams Family and Addam's Family Values. He was also heavily involved in the short-lived series, Pushing Daisies, and the quirkiness of that show plays a definite influence here. The production design is intricately detailed, with Olaf's mansion in particular being both disgusting and strangely beautiful. There's a little CGI used and just by the fact that it's so noticeable it's clearly not the series' strongest asset, but it's used sparingly.A Series of Unfortunate Events is definitely a worthy adaptation of the books, and comparisons to the 2004 film shouldn't even become a factor. The series has what makes for a truly great children's story: a willingness not to shy away from the awful, terrible, and unfortunates events that happen in life. In fact, they're a core tenet of the series, but it's through watching the Baudelaire children muddle through in spite of them that makes A Series of Unfortunate Events an unexpectedly uplifting story.-A Series of Unfortunate Events first season is now available to stream on Netflix.
Tags:
a series of unfortunate events
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
As unbelievable as it sounds, it's true: According to several reports, George Lucas can't find a network willing to air his new, self-financed Star Wars: Clone Wars animated series. Lucas says this is a PG-13 style show that doesn't follow the model of the first animated Clone Wars series.I first heard these rumors from my sci fi fan friends, and when I checked out IMDb, there it was. Lucas is financing 100 episodes of this new series (with animation, this could be at least two to four years worth of episodes). So what will Lucas do to get the animated series on the air?My first guess would be to put the show on Cartoon Network's mega-successful Adult Swim, and help build the presence and brand there. The other place to air it would be on the Sci Fi channel. If nothing else, syndicate it immediately and allow it to grow.He is also paying for 100 episodes of the planned live action Star Wars TV series, which guarantees at least three to five years of shows. I'm guessing this one will possibly be syndicated immediately vs. finding life on a network. Not much is known yet about this show, except that it hasn't started shooting yet.Lucas is pretty busy these days, with Indiana Jones 4 in post-production for a summer 2008 release, the two self-financed Star Wars TV shows, and his planned Tuskegee Airmen movie called Red Tails (which I understand he'll produce and possibly direct). I'm curious which network will pick up the new Clone Wars animated series, and I'm excited about something completely different for Lucas (Red Tails).Source: IMDb
Tags:
star wars,
clone wars
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Are you looking forward to the new, big-screen version of The A-Team? After some initial apprehension about a "remake" of such a classic TV series, I've found myself looking forward to it (particularly after hearing about the great casting choices, as well as seeing the first promo image) .Second question: are you hoping for cameos from the original A-Team members, even though new folks have taken over their roles? Well, if you ARE then you're in luck on at least one front, as we already learned that Dwight Schultz - aka the original Capt. 'Howling Mad' Murdock - will be making a cameo. This led to speculation that we'd see both Dirk Benedict (aka the original Faceman) and Mr. T (aka the original B.A. Baracus) also making cameo appearances (sadly George Peppard, the original Hannibal, passed away some 15 years ago).Well, there's no word on whether Benedict will appear, but the folks over at Latino Review got the exclusive word that Mr. T will NOT appear in the new A-Team. Latino Review writer "El Guapo" actually spoke with Mr. T in person at the gym (surprise...), where the tough man revealed he wouldn't be appearing in The A-Team."Why not?" I hear you asking? Well, it's not that he doesn't like the notion of an The A-Team reboot, or who's cast in the roles, or even an issue of him not getting a big enough paycheck, as he said no to the film before money was ever discussed. He said it just wouldn't be right for him to star in it - if he wasn't a main character then what would be the point? Also, he said they'd probably use his cameo as part of the marketing for the film, which would lead his friends and family to expect some huge role when it wouldn't be.So there you have it, we won't be seeing Mr. T make an appearance in the new A-Team. Are you sad about this? I wouldn't use a word as strong as "sad," but I certainly wouldn't have minded seeing him turn up in a small role, much in the same way David Soul and Paul Michael Glaser made little appearances at the end of the Starsky & Hutch movie a few years back. Nothing big, just a hat-tip  to fans of the original show.Are you disappointed Mr. T won't be making a cameo in the new A-Team? Would it have added to the film or would it have taken you out of it?The A-Team stars Liam Neeson as Hannibal, Bradley Cooper as Faceman, Sharlto Copley (District 9) as Murdock and UFC fighter Quinton 'Rampage' Jackson as B.A. Baracus. It's directed by Joe Carnahan (Smokin' Aces) and hits theaters on June 11th, 2010.Source: Latino Review
Tags:
the a-team
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The original Harold and Kumar (Go to White Castle) was a crazy one-shot comedy that seemed to throw everything but the kitchen sink at audiences in an effort to elicit a laugh. There were strippers, poop games, a raccoon, and even a misogynistic version of Doogie Howser himself, Neil Patrick Harris, before his return to the spotlight.The film's followup, Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay, relied heavily on retooled versions of prior gags, but went on to gross twice as much as its predecessor, which easily paved the way for the third installment, A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas. Is 3D Christmas a lackluster franchise cash-grab? Or like this year's Final Destination 5, does the film make creative use of its 3D gimmick and offer a tongue-in-cheek comedy experience?Unfortunately, for the majority of the film, the 3D gags are nonexistent - although the Christmas story backdrop definitely provides plenty of entertaining counter-programming for the upcoming holiday season. There are a number of amusing variations on iconic holiday movies staples - such as the frozen tongue scene in A Christmas Story - but, in spite of all the winter movie spoofing, it's unlikely that A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas will find a longterm spot in the holiday classic echelon.The Harold and Kumar stories aren't as serialized as similar  raunchy comedy offerings, such as The Hangover or American Pie series. At its core, 3D Christmas is mostly a holiday film parody that happens to star Harold (John Cho) and Kumar (Kal Penn) and, as a result, filmgoers won't need prior backstory to enjoy the proceedings. That said, there are plenty of call backs for dedicated fans of the franchise.The basic story occurs six years after the events of Escape from Guantanamo Bay and finds the titular pair estranged (due to different life choices) until they are inevitably forced into the wilds of New York City to find a Christmas tree worthy of Harold's father in law, Mr. Perez (Danny Trejo). Along the way, they stumble into another over-the-top adventure, and also reunite with franchise-friend Neil Patrick Harris.Like any holiday spoof, the plot is simple enough and progresses for no other purpose than to take the pair into one over-the-top scenario after another. However, in spite of all the crazy antics,  A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas is too often bogged down with overly-sentimental drama between the two main characters. While there are a few humorous moments in the first act, the film spends a lot of time upfront playing up the tattered relationship between Harold and Kumar - and it isn't until the second act that the jokes find their footing.This strained relationship between the two protagonists is only the first indicator that the film is juggling too much; what we ultimately get is a mixed bag of comedy moments juxtaposed against larger (and more mature) storylines. In A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas poop jokes and pregnancy co-exist on the same level - but the sentimental aspects and the comedy gags both land too close to the middle and never find a balance between funny and meaningful. Some moviegoers will defend the film by saying "This is Harold and Kumar - it's not supposed to be meaningful!" but someone should have mentioned that to the filmmakers - since the movie wastes a lot of time on uninteresting (and unfunny) character drama.That said, moment to moment some of the comedy set pieces and call backs do offer some genuinely funny (and possibly laugh out loud) moments - even if they are surrounded by less interesting padding. Thomas Lennon plays Harold's uptight suburban friend, Todd, who is really only in the film so that his three-year-old daughter, Ava (Ashley and Chloe Coss), can get a secondhand high and have cocaine blown in her face. Ava may be the most humorous addition to the proceedings - and not just because of the "wow, they went there" reaction filmgoers will have to her.  Ashley and Chloe's combined effort is, surprisingly, one of the most entertaining performances in the film.Adding to the glut of storylines, there are a number of franchise call backs shoe-horned into the proceedings - such as appearances by Neil Patrick Harris, Rosenberg (Eddie Kaye Thomas) and Goldstein (David Krumholtz) - which are entirely hit or miss. Unsurprisingly, Harris elevates the film with a number of tongue-in-cheek gags about his sexuality and larger-than-life persona - as well as a few fourth-wall nods to the overarching Harold and Kumar franchise. Unfortunately, the Rosenberg and Goldstein sequence is near cringe-worthy, and a further example that, in the process of attempting to grow up (while staying true to its roots), the film simply bit off more than it could chew.As for the 3D - unlike the aforementioned Final Destination 5, A Very Harold and Kumar 3D Christmas rarely makes worthwhile use out of the format. Despite a number of tongue-in-cheek references to 3D, the film abandons creative (i.e. over-the-top) use of the medium after the first fifteen minutes. For the remaining run time, the 3D is mostly relegated to confetti poppers and shooting various liquids at the screen in slow motion. Anyone who sees the movie in 2D will no doubt notice where they're missing a 3D gag, but it's hard to imagine that the added benefit is actually worth the price.A Very Harold and Kumar 3D Christmas definitely offers over-the-top counter-programming for the holiday season (which will be dominated by sappy titles like New Years Eve). That said, the film falls short of being a holiday classic or an enjoyable 3D experience - meaning, in the end, it's little more than another Harold and Kumar film. It may not be the next Christmas Vacation, but anyone who enjoyed the prior films (especially the first one), will likely find something to be jolly about.If you’re still on the fence about A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas, check out the trailer below:-[poll id="211"]-Follow me on Twitter @benkendrick - and let us know what you thought of the film below:A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas is now in theaters.
Tags:
harold and kumar 3
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In A Walk Among the Tombstones, ex-cop turned unlicensed investigator Matt Scudder (Liam Neeson) is hired by drug trafficker Kenny Kristo (Dan Stevens) to investigate the kidnapping of his wife. Reluctantly, Scudder takes the case - but what he learns quickly turns a simple kidnapping into a cat-and-mouse game with two nightmare psychopaths.With the help of a young street kid (Brian 'Astro' Bradley), Scudder closes in on his men; but with the wolves still on the hunt themselves, it becomes a question of how fast Scudder can get to them, before they get to another unfortunate victim.Written and directed by Scott Frank (Minority Report, The Lookout), A Walk Among the Tombstones tells a story set in 1999, and very much feels like a movie made in that same year. Coasting on "Liam Neeson with a gun" marketability inspired by the Taken franchise, this slow-burn Noir film offers little in the way of action, and ultimately commits the grave sin of being stiflingly boring.Frank's artistic ambition behind the camera is admirable, but his directorial focus and control have yet to fully develop. From an oddly arthouse-style (and violent) opening, to sporadic moments of film school exercises in technique (jump cut sequences, impressionist closeups, juxtaposed montages linked by voiceover, etc...), Frank punctuates a typical gritty Noir detective tale with what feels like unsure experimentation, rather than purposed craftsmanship. That's not to say it's bad; in fact, visually, it's very much above average. However, it's that nagging feeling - a lack of directorial focus and purpose - that drags down the movie, ultimately.On paper, the script by Frank (adapting the novel by Lawrence Block) has a lot of deep literary elements fitting for the Noir sub-genre. The troubled detective, plucky sidekick, dark gritty view of the street world, etc. - it's pretty standard fare that doesn't even seem to carry the self-awareness of Neo-Noir or a throwback homage. A Walk Among the Tombstones is your standard, traditional Noir flick; in other words, it feels pretty dated.It's hard to tell exactly where the source of the problem is, not having read the novel. Regardless, the film version cuts its own legs out from under itself early on. There's no real mystery (we spend almost as much time with the killers as the detective); there's no real action (gruesome, disturbing, moments, but no real action that Liam Neeson fans expect); and many character arcs and/or interactions never really get the payoff they need. Thematically there are vague parallels drawn between the arc of the investigation and 12 steps of addiction recovery - but none of that feels enlightening or even important by the time the film fizzles out into its ending. Just a journey with no real sense of destination, completion or fulfillment.The cast of actors isn't at all bad. Liam Neeson is by now well at home in this type of role (gruff, tough, oddly accented ex-badass), so if you are a fan of his brand you'll also be right at home with his character and performance here. Brian "Astro" Bradley (X-Factor, Earth to Echo) continues to be a surprising standout, managing to scene-steal from his prestigious co-star and win over with an uncanny charisma.The rest of the principal cast include Downton Abbey star Dan Stevens playing a tormented bad guy in Kristo; Ólafur Darri Ólafsson as a weirdo suspect; Pan Am star David Harbour as the principal (and more talkative) member of the psycho duo; Adam David Thompson playing the less talkative (and even freakier) psycho; and The Big C  star Boyd Holbrook as Kristo's twitchy junkie brother. They're all pretty solid, with Harbour and Thompson making for effectively scary (if ultimately underutilized) bad guys.In the end, A Walk Among the Tombstones (aka "Liam Neeson With a Gun Pt. 6") is easy to recommend - as a future rental. With nothing new (except an unfocused and underdeveloped visual shorthand) to speak of, and an overly familiar role from Neeson, it's a pretty blasé affair that certainly won't be a Walk to remember.TRAILERA Walk Among the Tombstones is now playing in theaters. It is 113 minutes long and is Rated R for strong violence, disturbing images, language and brief nudity.Follow us and talk movies @screenrant or @ppnkof
Tags:
a walk among the tombstones
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A Way Out developer Josef Fares has talked about Roger Ebert's views on video games as art, refuting the critic's views on the medium as a whole. Ebert stirred up controversy in in 2010, when he stated that "video games cannot be art," and his article on the matter opened up a discussion on the matter and whether video games as a whole could ever be considered art.This view has grown more outdated by the year, and some of the work Fares has created certainly points towards video games as art. The developer, who was previously a filmmaker before turning to video game creation, made 2013's Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons, which is considered one of the best examples of art in video games. This year's A Way Out follows suit, with the cooperative-only multiplayer game from Hazelight Studios and EA packing a major emotional punch.Related: The 50 Most Anticipated Video Games of 2018Clearly, Ebert's opinions on video games are something that Fares has felt the need to dispute. Speaking with IGN, Fares discussed Ebert's views on games as art, stating the critic "was absolutely wrong" about the nature of video games. "Nothing personally against him, but that was - I don't even talk to people who say games are not art. It doesn't even make sense. It's so insanely stupid," continued the developer.Fares went further, criticizing the idea that video games can never be considered art. "It's like saying to me, 'Hey, I'm stupid. Do you want to talk to me?' 'Yeah, sure. Let's talk, but about something else.' So I don't even take that seriously." The developer has always been willing to speak his mind, so such strong opinions shouldn't come as a surprise. After all, this is the same man that called out EA and the Oscars in a profanity-laden speech at The Game Awards.In truth, the idea that video games can never be art was effectively debunked by the time Ebert made his well-known argument. Every year, multiple games see release that could be considered art, whether underrated indie gems heavy with aesthetic beauty and nuanced imagery or blockbuster releases. Indeed, the level of interactivity that video games require means that they can reach levels that some other art forms cannot.A Way Out is a prime example of this. By keeping the game as a cooperative experience, the player is always relying on the support of another party, meaning there's an emotional impact greater than what could be created as a lone participant. When married to a great story, it's no surprise to see Fares having an intense reaction to the video games as art argument.More: 15 Video Games That Were Changed Due To ControversySource: IGN
Tags:
EA
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
AMC Theaters will partner with Color of Change to provide free screenings of Disney's upcoming A Wrinkle in Time for underprivileged children. Selma director Ava DuVernay's adaptation of the acclaimed 1962 sci-fi classic by Madeline L’Engle features a diverse cast, including Storm Reid as protagonist Meg Murry, Oprah Winfrey, and Mindy Kaling, and promises some spectacular visuals to go along with its mind-bending story.This past month, Disney and Marvel's Black Panther became a phenomenon, and celebrities such as Octavia Spencer and Lupita Nyong'o made efforts to help more children see the film. Blank Panther seems to have become more than just a movie - it's a symbol and a signal of change: a blockbuster about an African hero starring a mostly black cast, with black filmmakers behind the camera. Similar efforts are underway with A Wrinkle in Time.Related: Octavia Spencer Buys Out Screenings of Black Panther for KidsEW reports that AMC Theaters will team up with online racial justice organization Color of Change to launch "Give a Child a Universe", a push to reach out to groups and individuals to by and then donate tickets for screenings on A Wrinkle in Time's premiere date of Friday, March 9. Color of Change will work to distribute the donated tickets to underprivileged children. Color of Change's executive director Rashad Robinson praised the film's director in her attempts to expand black representation on the big screen:“Color of Change believes in the power of images and supports those working to change the rules in Hollywood so that inclusive, empathetic and human portrayals of Black people and people of color are prominent on the screen. From Selma to now A Wrinkle In Time, Ava DuVernay has set out to change the rules in Hollywood for people of color and women. By casting a black teenage actress Storm Reid as the heroine at the center of this story, the filmmakers and the studio send a powerful message to millions of young people who will see someone like them embracing their individuality and strength to save the world. We are pleased to partner with AMC to ensure that as many young people as possible, regardless of economic and financial hardships, can see this groundbreaking film.”While Black Panther is currently breaking records left and right, A Wrinkle in Time is already a milestone in its own right. It is the first live-action film with a budget of over $100 million to be directed by a woman of color. Casting young actress Storm Reid was a move toward diversity as well, and her presence could serve as a source of real inspiration to not just African-American girls, but children of all ages and backgrounds.We've seen similar movements spearheaded by people like Spencer and Nyong'o, along with crowdfunded efforts to help Harlem children see Black Panther. This initiative is significant in that it involves AMC Theaters, a theatrical exhibition behemoth with plenty of resources available to help children and families in need. In fact, AMC (and even Disney) could easily go even further and at least match each donation dollar for dollar, making it even easier for kids with limited means to see A Wrinkle in Time, which it could be argued is more of a kids' movie than Black Panther.More: Watch A Wrinkle in Time's Dazzling Third TrailerSource: EW
Tags:
a wrinkle in time
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The only thing more popular these days in Hollywood than films based on childhood toys appears to be films adapted from serialized young-adult fantasy novels. On that note, Cary Granat has asked screenwriter Jeff Stockwell to adapt  Madeleine L'Engle's A Wrinkle in Time - possibly for Disney.A Wrinkle in Time is the first book in L'Engle's Time Quartet series which follows the adventures of Meg Murray and associates as they travel through the universe, by way of a dimensional phenomenon known as the tesseract, visiting strange worlds in search of Meg's scientist father.Granat, who recently produced Eric Brevig's Journey to the Center of the Earth, has enjoyed a fruitful relationship with Disney - responsible for the film adaptations of  Bridge to Terabithia, which Stockwell co-wrote, as well as The Chronicles of Narnia.Though the Time Quartet deals with more mature themes, and will certainly make for a more complicated screenplay, the film will likely be aiming to capture the same family-friendly demographic as Granat's Narnia films - with the intention of adapting the rest of the Time Quartet - A Wind in the Door, Many Waters, and A Swiftly Tilting Planet.A Wrinkle in Time definitely deserves a solid film adaptation, and has all the ingredients for a terrific franchise. The first book, especially, could be an exceptional visual experience.That said, Disney is already responsible for a not-so-great television adaptation of the property from 2003 and it's hard to imagine that the bland, on-the-nose, style of the Narnia films will do the significantly-more-complicated Time Quartet series justice.At the very least, I'm hoping that A Wrinkle in Time isn't just food for the 3-D machine. We'll keep you updated as more announcements are made.What do you think? Cautiously optimistic?Source: The Hollywood Reporter
Tags:
a wrinkle in time
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The first trailer and poster for Disney's A Wrinkle in Time have made their debut at D23. Directed by Ava DuVernay. A Wrinkle in Time is an adaptation of the 1963 sci-fi novel of the same name, by Madeline L'Engle. While a Canadian TV adaptation was produced in 2003, the book has yet to receive the big screen treatment - and given its popularity, it seems long overdue.Following on from her success with Selma, DuVernay has become the first African-American woman to direct a live-action movie with a $100 million + budget. In the central role is Storm Reid, pretty much a newcomer,with a supporting cast that includes Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon, Mindy Kaling, Chris Pine, Gugu Mbatha-Raw and Zach Galifianakis. A Wrinkle in Time's script comes from Jennifer Lee, of Frozen fame, and someone Disney will no doubt view as a safe pair of hands given that she delivered one of their most successful movies of all time.A Wrinkle in Time is technically a children's story, but it's a compelling tale enjoyed by many adults - and as such, the movie should be a strong movie suitable for the whole family. It's original, too, which makes a change from Disney's long line of remakes and reimaginings. A Wrinkle in Time tells the story of Meg Murry and brother Charles Wallace, who travel through space and cross dimensions via a ‘wrinkle in time’ to find their missing scientist father, with the help of a mysterious Tesseract. The book is the first in a series, so if this live-action adaptation does well, we could see more Wrinkle in Time movies to come.While anticipation is high among those who know of the story, it remains to be seen if the movie will be a hit for the House of Mouse among regular moviegoers. For Disney, it's a bit of a risk to make a movie that doesn't have years of pedigree attached to it, such as The Jungle Book or Beauty and the Beast live-action remakes that we've seen in recent years. That said, the unknown aspect could actually prove very refreshing to audiences - and after all, that unknown quantity has worked well for Disney with similar "original" offerings, such as Frozen. DuVernay is clearly very passionate about the project, as is Lee, and both their previous work means that A Wrinkle in Time is standing in good stead ahead of its 2018 release. Now we have our first look at the movie, and a better feel of the project. Hopefully, it won't be too long before we get even more footage in the form of TV spots and international trailers, too.NEXT: A Wrinkle in Time First Look ImagesSource: Disney
Tags:
a wrinkle in time
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Monster was a low budget creature feature that A24 released in November 2016. The film had some serious pedigree both behind the camera and in front of it.Writer/director Bryan Bertino scared the world with his 2008 home invasion shocker The Strangers, which starred Liv Tyler and Scott Speedman,and lead actress Zoe Kazan charmed the world with her roles in indie dramedy's Ruby Sparks and The Big Sick. The film told its simple story well, had strong performances and featured a creature design that was gross and horrifying. It might not live long in the memory, but it did its job well.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A24 has added their movie library to Kanopy, a free streaming service. Founded in 2012, the independent studio quickly became a favorite amongst cinephiles by releasing a string of critically acclaimed projects that made a splash at the box office (relatively speaking, of course, considering the scope/budgets of the films) and the awards circuit. Their most notable offerings include the likes of Best Picture winner Moonlight, sci-fi drama Ex Machina, and Lady Bird - their biggest commercial hit that earned five Oscar nominations last year.Film buffs that follow the ins and outs of the industry on a daily basis might be well-versed with A24's catalog, but the same can't be said for more casual moviegoers. As one might expect, A24 releases typically play in a limited number of locations and have trouble standing out in an ever-growing crowd of Hollywood tentpoles. In order to combat that and help their titles gain more exposure, the studio has taken advantage of a great platform.Related: Screen Rant's 2019 Best Picture PredictionsOn Kanopy's official website, there's an entire section dedicated to A24's works. There are 72 videos in total, divided into several different categories. Interested viewers can browse the selection by genre or single out the studio's Oscar-nominated movies. Only movies that are out on home media are included.It's true that A24's films are available on other services, like iTunes and Netflix, but Kanopy being free gives it a clear advantage over the competition. All one needs to watch any movie they want on-demand is sign up with their library card information. Kanopy also has a free mobile app available for download, meaning interested parties can stream the films on their device of choice. This is a smart and effective way to get A24's filmography out to the general public, giving people easy access to buzzed-about projects. It'll be interesting to see how many take advantage of this offer, and if it encourages other studios to do something similar for their own limited release titles. It's well-known that not every awards hopeful can readily be seen at any time, and with streaming becoming more prevalent, companies would be wise to explore options.In contrast to last year, when Lady Bird was one of the biggest Oscar contenders, none of A24's 2018 films are considered a realistic threat for the top prizes. That said, there are those looking to make a name for themselves. Paul Schrader's drama First Reformed picked up multiple key nominations at the Film Independent Spirit Awards and Gotham Awards, with more possibly on the way later in the season. Fortunately, First Reformed is one of the titles available to stream, so if it starts to gain traction with the Oscars, cinephiles can quickly find it online.More: Popular Film Oscar May Still Happen To Boost RatingsSource: Kanopy
Tags:
a24
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Sometimes, the story of how a classic tale was conceived can be highly interesting, and Hollywood has no shortage of examples that highlight this point. Well-received films such as Finding Neverland and Saving Mr. Banks have explored the origins of Peter Pan and Mary Poppins, providing a fresh spin on something audiences are already familiar with. Given that both of those movies achieved a good deal of critical and commercial success, it shouldn't come as any surprise that studios are on the hunt for similar projects.Fox Searchlight has one such film coming through the pipeline in the form of an untitled biopic about A.A. Milne, creator of Winnie the Pooh (which is now one of Disney's most popular properties). It has attracted a star-studded cast that includes the likes of Domhnall Gleeson and Margot Robbie. In a press release, the studio announced that principal photography has now commenced.A.A. Milne is currently filming on location in Oxfordshire, Surrey, East Sussex, and London. Since Milne was a British author, it's nice to see the filmmakers using the U.K. for their production. Gleeson will play Milne while Robbie is portraying Milne's wife Daphne. Kelly MacDonald is on board to star as Olive, the nanny for Milne's young son Christopher Robin, who will be brought to life by Will Tilston. In addition, USA Today unveiled the first still images, which you can see below:The film will detail the relationship between Milne and Christopher Robin, whose toys served as the primary inspiration for the original Winnie the Pooh books. Longtime fans will certainly recognize that name as the human friend of Pooh and the other animals in the Hundred Acre Wood. The Milne family are swept up in the overwhelming success of the character, but it could come at a great cost to them since so many eyes are on Christopher Robin. Later in his life, Milne's son expressed displeasure with his name being used in the stories, writing that he felt his father had left him with "nothing but empty fame." It will be fascinating to see how the dynamic between Milne and Christopher is handled in the film.A.A. Milne is directed by Simon Curtis, the filmmaker best known for helming My Week With Marilyn and The Woman in Gold. The former of that duo was nominated for two acting Oscars, illustrating that Curtis can get great work out of his cast. The script was written by Frank Cottrell Boyce, who has received a number of accolades during his career. Boyce's script was based on an earlier screenplay by Simon Vaughn, whose lone other credit is the TV Movie A Bear Named Winnie. It's true that this creative team may not be the most prolific in the industry, but they've all demonstrated strong abilities in the past, and Fox Searchlight has had tremendous success on the awards circuit recently. The studio must have faith in Curtis, Boyce, and Vaughn.Disney is said to be developing a live-action Winnie the Pooh film, which will be more of a traditional big screen adaptation of the Pooh brand. Curtis' movie being a biopic of its original creator means that the two films could very well make for nice companion pieces when it's all said and done, allowing fans to be entertained by the silly old bear and learn about what spawned his inception. Pooh and his companions have a loyal following, so there's sure to be much interest in both when they come out.We'll keep you updated on the untitled A.A. Milne biopic as more information becomes available.Sources: Fox Searchlight, USA Today
Tags:
winnie the pooh,
goodbye christopher robin
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Aardman Studios achieved popularity years ago for its quirky claymation characters in Wallace and Gromit and Shaun the Sheep, but the studio only continued to gain acclaim as it elevated claymation and stop-motion animation with ever more ambitious full-length projects, even logging the current highest-grossing stop-motion movie of all time with Chicken Run in 2000. The studios' newest effort, the prehistoric caveman comedy Early Man, ambitiously seeks to raise the bar again.While there are usually a number of constraints when it comes to producing full-length stop-motion animated movies, the simple act of shooting the film is the biggest bottleneck. Studios can increase the size and scope of the models and sets, but so long as a movie is being created one shot at a time, stop-motion movies can take years to produce. In order to support the production of Early Man, their largest movie yet, Aardman Studios is shooting on dozens of miniature sets at once, greatly improving the overall production time, but also causing a huge increase in the scope of production.Related: Early Man Trailer Introduces Eddie Redmayne’s Idiot CavemanIn order to support the production of Chicken Run, Aardman moved into a new complex housing 4 studios with a combined size of 4 Olympic size swimming pools, and during Early Man's production, Screen Rant was invited to visit the studio where we saw them taking full advantage of this space and learned about the true scope of the effort that goes on behind the scenes.Setting up as many as 40 individual sets, with potentially as many animators working simultaneously, each scene of Early Man can still take several weeks to block, then gets shot frame-by-frame at a rate of around 1 second of movie runtime per day. This is where the 30-40 production units working on Early Man come into play, giving the ability to run that same fram-by-frame process in as many as 40 instances at once, drastically cutting down on overall production time.Running this many units at once, however, also requires more puppets. Aardman's 22 person model making team painstakingly creates prototypes, a process that can take up to 12 weeks each, before producing 8-10 replicas per character, each of which can take an additional 2-3 weeks (a process that also destroys the original prototype), with some of the more involved characters, like the main character, Dug, getting as many as 20 copies. Part of the reason each puppet takes so much time is because every component has a number of iterations to help animators create a full expressive range. This is particularly true of facial components, each of which has multiple flexible versions to ensure full range of motion and maximum expressiveness for each character.While some newer production techniques can be utilized, such as 3D printing, the lack of flexibility in the materials used for that process actually results in a need for more individual pieces to create the same range of expressions, meaning it can actually increase production time and expense. Aardman used this method in 2012's The Pirates! Band of Misfits, but the Pirate Captain (for a variety of reasons, including technical production issues) took 2 1/2 years to get fully right. While such a process can improve the ease of mass production, the more traditional plasticine molding process Aardman followed with Early Man ultimately gives animators much better control over expressions without having to physically swap mouths, eyes, and etc out as many times between frames. The massive scope of Early Man doesn't end with the puppets, either. The story sprawls from scenery including volcanoes to neanderthal villages to a Bronze Age city and massive soccer ("football") stadium at the center of the Bronze Age culture. While all the puppets are approximately 1/5th scale, the Bronze Age stadium is more of a a miniature miniature, coming in closer to 1/15th scale, which still fills an entire room, while making it fully to-scale with the rest of the puppets would result in a set piece bigger than the studio it's shot in.Related: Aardman’s Early Man Trailer & Poster: Stone Age vs. Bronze AgeThis is where the movie, understandably, extends briefly outside of practical stop-motion claymation and into CGI territory, as the sheer scope of the stadium and its occupants is far too much to feasibly animate, although the CGI is more for filling in the details, such as a larger crowd, with the main action of the scenes still primarily constructed via actual stop-motion photography - a massive feat in and of itself.Working with miniatures in stop-motion would normally suggest a much smaller production than an equivalent live-action film, and while Early Man is certainly a less involved effort than a full-scale live-action production would be, the sheer scope of the project is nonetheless impressive.In raw materials alone, the plasticine - the moldable putty-like substance that puts the "clay" look in "claymation" - is ordered several pallets at a time to ensure color consistency so minor differences in batches don't show between takes with different puppets. When it comes to almost everything else - the sets, the non-flexible character components, many of the props, and etc, Aardman procured over 3 tons of jesmonite - a weight greater than that of an average rhinoceros.With a track record as successful and ambitious as that of Aardman studios and director Nick Park (who has 4 Academy Awards for his previous animated projects with Aardman), the sheer scale of Early Man should excite any animation fan, particularly those that love the studio's past work. Pulling out all the stops with an all-star cast including Tom Hiddleston, Eddie Redmayne, and Maisie Williams, the stop-motion prehistoric claymation caveman comedy will truly be an event to behold when it hits theaters on February 16th in the US (January 26th in the UK).NEXT: Early Man's Director Acted Out The Entire Movie in Live-Action Before Animating
Tags:
early man
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Battle: Los Angeles opens early next month, and yesterday we were given some early insight into what to expect from this latest version of an alien-invasion tale from the film's star Aaron Eckhart, at the Los Angeles press junket.Eckhart stressed that it was vitally important to both he, and director Jonathan Liebesman, to infuse the film with a sense of realism saying that, “The goal was: this is a war movie, a documentary style war movie – with aliens in it.”The actor went on to make a comparison to director Chris Nolan's approach to the Batman franchise, and The Dark Knight in particular. He takes note of how the film utilizes intimate physical locations as a backdrop, rather than falling back on extensive CGI destruction of more archetypal vistas (like the Hollywood sign) to tell the story. He feels that the local feel helps to ground the film in the real world:"It's the same thing with The Dark Knight, you know Chris (Nolan) uses green screen, but the movie doesn't rely on green screen, so you always get that feeling from Chris that this movie is real, and that's why it adds that depth and texture. I think that it's the same thing with this film."Jonathan Liebesman agrees that the raw, stripped down, filmmaking techniques help to heighten the stakes for both the actors - as well as the audience. It is a style that the director found extremely effective for this film and one he plans to utilize, to varying degrees, in his future projects."I learned a lot from doing it, it's great because it gives the actors freedom. Again, it helped me elevate what was on the page. It's a style I am going to take forward into my next movie (Wrath Of The Titans, the sequel to last years Clash Of The Titans) but definitely tweak, because the next thing will require different things. I mean this is embedded footage with a Platoon, that's the vibe of this movie."As a mythological tale, Wrath of The Titans, will likely require a scope and majesty that would have been inappropriate for Battle: Los Angeles. Read more on Liebesman's plans for Wrath of The Titans, including how he plans to adjust his shooting techniques for a scheduled 3D post-conversion, HERE.As for Battle: Los Angeles, look for an article on the “real” battle Los Angeles (a UFO siting on the coast of Santa Monica at the onset of WWII) early tomorrow - as well as continuing coverage of the film in the weeks to come.In the interim, take a look at the most recent poster for Battle: LA below. The image gives the viewer a sense of how this film works as a hybrid war/alien-invasion movie.Battle: Los Angeles opens in theaters on March 11th.Follow me on twitter  @jrothc and Screen Rant  @screenrant
Tags:
the dark knight,
battle los angeles
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Hollywood has a serious case of Frankenstein fever (among other things...) and is pressing ahead with yet another project inspired by Mary Shelly's famous sci-fi/horror novel: I, Frankenstein, an adaptation of the comic book written by Underworld co-creator Kevin Grevioux.The film has a writer/director onboard, in the form of Stuart Beattie, the co-writer of the first Pirates of the Caribbean and G.I. Joe movies - as well as sole scriber of Michael Mann's Collateral and a script collaborator on director David Slade's horror comic book adaptation, 30 Days of Night.Aaron Eckhart will headline I, Frankenstein, which is not actually a re-imagining of Shelly's iconic story. Instead, it's a semi-sequel which supposes that Victor Frankenstein's famous monster did not commit suicide as it vowed to do, following the death of its creator in the original novel.Here is how the plot of I, Frankenstein is described in the official Lionsgate press release:I FRANKENSTEIN is a modern-day epic: Frankenstein’s creature, ADAM (Eckhart), has survived to present day due to a genetic quirk in his creation. Making his way to a dark, gothic metropolis, he finds himself caught in an all-out, centuries old war between two immortal clans.Does anyone else think "Frankenstein meets Highlander" after reading that description? Moving on...Eckhart is easily one of the most consistent leading men currently in the biz. Whether it's his famous turn as Harvey "Two-Face" Dent in The Dark Knight, a grieving father in last year's Rabbit Hole, a charming cigarette spokesman in Thank You for Smoking, or his breakout role as a cruel misogynist in... In the Company of Men, you can pretty much guarantee that Eckhart will deliver the goods - as far as his performance goes. So that bodes well for his turn as a misunderstood monster in I, Frankenstein.With Real Steel helmer Shawn Levy actively pressing ahead with his own spin on the Shelly story - and Matt Reeves attached to bring the prequel tale, This Dark Endeavor, to the big screen - it won't be long before most moviegoers are thoroughly sick of hearing about Frankenstein-related films (if they're not already...). If nothing else, at least Beattie's I, Frankenstein won't have to overcome the generally-rampant skepticism that tends to surround any film that has been dubbed a reboot/remake/re-imagining.On that note: Beattie has written some pretty effective thrillers that boast gritty action and gruesome horror gore alike, so that too is a good sign - with respect to the potential quality of I, Frankenstein. However, he is largely untested working as a director, though, and has never helmed a tentpole project like this before. Whether Beattie can rise to the occasion and deliver a fascinating sci-fi/horror flick here... well, that remains to be seen.-I, Frankenstein is now scheduled for theatrical release in the U.S. on February 22nd, 2013.Source: Lionsgate (via Deadline)
Tags:
frankenstein,
i frankenstein
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Aaron Eckhart has been cast as Harvey Dent/Two Face in the next Batman movie: The Dark Knight. I haven't been following casting for the next Batman movie that closely, but from what I understand Eckhart was a fan favorite for the role. He joins Heath Ledger playing The Joker, and I asssume Aaron's role will be smaller than Heath's.Also on the "strong rumor" list is that Maggie Gyllenhaal will be replacing Katie Holmes in the upcoming Bat-flick.I guess you have to have a love interest, even in a superhero movie, but I would have perferred it if they had introduced Harvey Dent in Batman Begins as a friend of Bruce Wayne and/or Commisioner Gordon. That way it would have been that much more powerful when he changes from good-guy Dent to bad-guy Two-Face. We would have gotten to know him better and it would be that much more painful and tragic when things turn for the worse.But... who am I to complain? I thought Batman Begins was excellent and I have high hopes for the sequel since the same team is behind it.I found out about this from Joblo.com, although it's also being reported elsewhere.
Tags:
the dark knight
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
[UPDATE: Sorkin's show has officially been greenlit.]Fresh off his win at last week's Golden Globes, dialogue & drama-happy screenwriter Aaron Sorkin's next TV show creation looks prepped to not only be given an official go-ahead, but should also become the latest addition to cable channel HBO's solid lineup of small-screen series.Sorkin's latest television product is as yet untitled, but will follow in the footsteps of his previous creations like The West Wing and Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip by focusing on behind the scenes drama - this time, the setting being that of a nightly cable news show.Sorkin's new project looks to get a pilot order from HBO is the near future, following months of talks with the Social Network scriber. Sorkin is easily the frontrunner to snag an Oscar for his adaptation of Ben Mezrich's The Accidental Billionaires, a self-admitted romanticized account of the dirty deeds and maneuvering that went on behind closed doors with regards to the development of Facebook. It's familiar territory for Sorkin and he looks to trek there again with his new TV show as well.Deadline is comparing Sorkin's current situation to that of Alan Ball, whose Oscar win for scribing American Beauty catapulted him to greater professional success, paving the way for him to create the cult HBO series Six Feet Under and True Blood. The difference between these two men, however, is that Ball had written for only semi-successful TV shows like Grace Under Fire and Cybill prior to his Academy Award win - whereas The West Wing is a long-running, multiple award-winner and Sorkin has already racked up numerous writing award nominations and wins for both his television and film work.HBO is doing well by itself with Ball's True Blood and its current critical/ratings darling, the period drama Boardwalk Empire. While Sorkin is renowned for crafting memorably crackling conversations and focusing on political/personal conflict, writing for cable television will allow him to inject more hard-edged language and provocative subject matter into the proceedings of his latest TV creation. Just don't expect Sorkin's cable news drama to feature quite as much R-Rated language as former HBO hits like The Sopranos and especially Deadwood.UPDATE: HBO has officially closed a deal for the pilot episode of Sorkin's new creation. The series will reunite him with his Social Network producer Scott Rudin and, according to Deadline, currently bears the working title More As the Story Develops.Follow us on Twitter @screenrant and @feynmanguy for more TV and movie news.Source: Deadline
Tags:
aaron sorkin
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Aaron Sorkin is a man of many talents. The West Wing stands as one of the most influential TV shows of its time, his screenplay for The Social Network bagged him an Oscar, and his trademark combination of mile-a-minute eloquence and screwball-style walk-and-talk dialogue has made him one of the most dominant forces in the industry. A whole generation of writers has grown up under the shadow of the Sorkin-esque, and his much-anticipated debut in the director’s chair with the upcoming Molly’s Game has many film fans intrigued. While writers usually don’t carry the level of name recognition actors or directors do in the industry, individuals like Sorkin are the rare examples of such, which means that he’s got a level of freedom that most screenwriters lack.What Sorkin wants now, according to recent reports, is to join the ranks of the superheroes. We recently learned that Sorkin has taken meetings with both Marvel and DC this week, with the writer himself saying:"I have to go into these meetings and tell them as respectfully as I can that I’ve never read a comic book. It’s not that I don’t like them, it’s just that I’ve never been exposed to one. So, I’m hoping that somewhere in their library is a comic book character that I’m gonna love and I’m going to want to go back and start reading from the first issue on."Sorkin would certainly be one hell of a coup for either studio, both of which have snapped up major names over the years (with DC/Warner Bros. even snatching one of Marvel’s most successful directors, Joss Whedon, for a planned Batgirl movie). Sorkin's distinctive style is certainly cinematic in its approach, and could offer a sharp approach to some of the television based properties. However, with everything both franchises are doing to carve out unique identities for themselves, bringing a voice as recognizable as Sorkin’s to the table would arguably be a misstep.While Marvel has started to tentatively allow more distinct voices to its extended universe - including James Gunn (Guardians of the Galaxy) and Taika Waititi (Thor: Ragnarok) - the studio still maintains an iron grip on the expansive franchise, which may span worlds, stories and characters, but consistently retains an in-house tone that ensures a clean narrative throughout its sprawling universe. Doctor Strange is a hallucinogenic mystical adventure, Captain America’s trilogy evolved into Cold War style espionage, while Guardians of the Galaxy follows a rip-roaring space opera pulp thread, but structurally, these films echo one another in a distinctively Marvel manner. This is thanks to the creative control the studio retains, and it can be limiting to work in, as Whedon himself admitted when discussing elements of Avengers: Age of Ultron he would have preferred to skip. Sorkin is someone used to getting his way, and enjoys a level of creative control most writers would kill for, so it’s hard to imagine him toeing the Marvel line.The DC Extended Universe, meanwhile, has an identity, but it’s been somewhat embattled ever since its inception with Man of Steel. Having Zack Snyder’s stylistically grim approach define a multi-billion dollar franchise has raised many an eyebrow, particularly after Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice opened to brutally negative reviews, with Suicide Squad following suit. Snyder's Justice League is still on track as planned, but recent developments have hinted towards some changes in Warner Bros.' long-term strategies, thanks to the hiring of Whedon and Matt Reeves, both of whom allegedly negotiated with the studio to retain more creative control than originally planned. How this will lead to some cohesion within the DCEU is anyone’s guess, and while a more auteur-driven approach seems welcome at Warner Bros., there doesn’t seem to be much else to entice Sorkin into the DCEU's canon. Sorkin’s a dialogue man who thrives with cutting remarks, dizzying rhetoric and intellectual gymnastics, rather than explosive action and fight scenes.The biggest problem with Sorkin as superhero scribe is right there in his own statement. He’s never read a comic book, and has no particular love for the genre. It’s possible that this fresh angle, untainted by fan bias, could yield strong results, but it would also be a lost opportunity for the countless writers who possess true passion for superhero stories. Moreover, it does the genre a disservice to hand it over to writers who may see it as beneath them, or as a lesser form of entertainment (there’s a difference between an outsider perspective and a dismissive sneer). Sorkin would certainly bring a sense of prestige to an oft-maligned genre, but it's not essential – serious awards contention would be a fun cherry on top of the cake for Marvel or DC, but they’re still ruling the roost of Hollywood without them.If Sorkin is truly invested in exploring the superhero genre through his distinctive lens, perhaps his best options would lie outside of the big two franchises. Fox have garnered surprise critical acclaim this year with James Mangold’s deeply political and melancholic Western approach to Wolverine in Logan, while Noah Hawley’s daring take on the X-Men mythos, Legion, has become the must see show of 2017. Neither fit neatly into the usual superhero franchise mould, but are striking takes on the genre with a unique voice audiences were crying out for. Perhaps Sorkin would feel right at home with some of the X-Men, firing off cutting one-liners on the political battle that fuels the central battle of humans versus mutants.Aaron Sorkin is a name people strive to make room for, but within the dominant industry forces of the extended universe model and the billion-dollar blockbuster slate, it may be the case that his voice is simply not needed. His talents announce themselves with every line, oft-imitated but seldom replicated, and that has thrilled millions of viewers. Yet even with their increasing lenience towards the brashness of the auteur, Marvel and DC may prefer to look for a quieter voice.Next: Marvel & DC Are Meeting With Aaron Sorkin
Tags:
dc entertainment,
marvel
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
High-profile writer/producer Aaron Sorkin is preparing for a return to television with More As This Story Develops, a HBO pilot about the controversial world of cable news. The latest cast announcement is Dev Patel, most famous for his starring role in Slumdog Millionaire.Patel will be playing yet another staffer at the cable news show that More As This Story Develops portrays, under the sensationalist anchor (Jeff Daniels) and no-nonsense executive producer (Emily Mortimer, who was cast instead of Marissa Tomei). Other announced stars include Olivia Munn, Alison Pill, and Sam Waterston.Patel made his break in the 2009 Best Picture winner, Slumdog Millionaire, which took home eight Oscars all in the same night. Patel himself was nominated for both a BAFTA and a Saturn Award. Before his film debut, Patel was featured in the original UK version of Skins. Afterwards, he played a starring (and regretable) role as Prince Zuko in M. Night Shymalan's The Last Airbender.More As This Story Develops (a tentative title) is... developing nicely. Jeff Daniels seems to be an excellent choice for a Bill O'Reilly/Glenn Beck/Kieth Olbermann type, and while Tomei might have been a higher-profile pick for the female lead, no one can deny Emily Mortimer's quality work in Shutter Island or Lars And The Real Girl. Pixar fans can hear her voice as Holley Shiftwell in Cars 2.[caption id="attachment_116526" align="aligncenter" width="570" caption="Jeff Daniels & Emily Mortimer"][/caption]If it's picked up, the series will be a return to television for Sorkin after conquering theaters with The Social Network. Sorkin is a TV veteran, writing and producing critically-lauded shows like Sports Night, The West Wing and Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip.The subject couldn't be more topical, as the networks and personalities reporting the news are often getting as much attention and scrutiny as the events they report on. In a political climate as divided as the current one, citizens are rallying behind their news sources almost as much as elected officials - indeed, oftentimes more so.-More As This Story Develops is currently in production, with Greg Mottola (Paul, Superbad) directing. Should HBO order an initial season, expect a premiere sometime in 2012.Follow Michael on Twitter: @MichaelCriderSource: Variety
Tags:
more as this story develops
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Whether it’s Sports Night, The West Wing or The Newsroom, it’s hard to argue Aaron Sorkin isn’t one of the best writers on television (or just one of the best writers period). However, new statements from the Emmy winner seem to indicate he may have had enough of the small screen.In a recent interview with the LA Times, Sorkin spoke on the matter of continuing in television after the conclusion of his HBO series.I’m pretty certain I’m about to write my last three episodes of television.The showrunner went on to add:All these months later, I still don’t see another series in my near future, but, again, you never know. Maybe I’ll get another idea.Considering Sorkin currently has a Steve Jobs biopic in the pipeline with Danny Boyle attached to direct, as well as a recent Oscar win under his belt thanks to The Social Network, there’s no longer a need for Sorkin to commit himself for years at a time in the television landscape. However, from a business perspective, it’s not easy to hire a guy like him.The West Wing creator has a notorious reputation for being difficult to work with, especially when it comes to executives. When the creator was forced out of his showrunner position on the legendary NBC series, ratings were up and awards were coming in left and right. However, NBC couldn’t handle communication with Sorkin anymore and chose to cut ties, so as much as the Studio 60 creator may want to leave television, it isn’t to say he’d have an easy time bringing a new project elsewhere (except perhaps on premium cable again).But, all that said, the writer did go on record to clarify that he’s enjoyed the time he’s spend on the small screen:I want to be really clear about this. Really clear about this, I've loved every minute I've spent in television. And I've had much more failure, as traditionally measured, than success in television. I've done four shows, and only one of them was the 'West Wing.Despite these statements, however, recent reports indicate NBC is heavily courting Sorkin to write an adaptation of his famed A Few Good Men for a televised stage performance. So maybe these statements just mean Sorkin is done with “series" television. Perhaps there’s a chance he could return for a limited-series event or, as we’re seeing now, a televised play. Something that would play to his strengths.The Newsroom season 3 airs Sundays on HBO.Source: The LA Times via Variety
Tags:
the newsroom
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Apple visionary Steve Jobs' recent death quickly gave rise to speculation that Hollywood would soon take the opportunity to press ahead with a biographical film about the technological innovator's life. Sure enough, word quickly got out that Sony had snatched up screen rights to Walter Isaacson's best-selling non-fiction book about the man - a work simply titled Steve Jobs.Comparisons have already been made between an adaptation of Isaacson's literary biopic and Sony's previous 21st century business-oriented works like The Social Network and Moneyball. So it's no shock that the writer involved with both those acclaimed films - namely, Aaron Sorkin - is being courted to script the Jobs project.Sorkin won an Academy Award for his Social Network screenplay and is well-renowned for turning "difficult" source material about eccentric and creative people into captivating cinema. However, as 24 Frames pointed out in its scoop, the Steve Jobs adaptation is something of a different beast - since Sorkin was not only personally familiar with Jobs, he would also be working on a story that remains fresh in the minds of the general population. That second element especially helps to distinguish this project from Moneyball: a film that has more of a limited audience appeal, because of its subject matter.On the one hand: films that chronicle still cuturally-relevant events shortly after they actually occurred often seem to struggle at the box office - though, that is arguably due largely to the tendency for such films to select politically-controversial or sensitive issues as their focus (see: Fair Game, Green Zone, etc.).On the other hand: The Social Network could be cited as a great example of how a film can tackle a topic of ongoing mainstream cultural relevance and make it work as a great piece of entertainment, on its own. Hence why Sorkin seems all the more fitting a choice to script the Steve Jobs biopic, from an artistic perspective.Isaacson's original Jobs literature was based on more than 40 interviews conducted with the book's namesake, over the course of two years. The author also had material from over a hundred interviews with Jobs' family, friends, colleagues and competitors alike to work with, in order to create the following portrait of its subject (according to the official description of Isaacson's book):Driven by demons, Jobs could drive those around him to fury and despair. But his personality and products were interrelated, just as Apple’s hardware and software tended to be, as if part of an integrated system. His tale is instructive and cautionary, filled with lessons about innovation, character, leadership, and values.So again, just from a descriptive angle, Jobs will likely be portrayed as the sort of complex-but-fascinating character that Sorkin has handled with ease before - be it in The Social Network or on his famed TV creation The West Wing. So if Sorkin does decide to accept the job of crafting Jobs' biopic, that alone will be good reason to get excited about how the final product could turn out.-We will let you know when either Sorkin or another screenwriter officially signs on for the Steve Jobs biopic.Source: LA Times
Tags:
steve jobs
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Dual biographical pictures about the late Steve Jobs are on the way. The first (Jobs: Get Inspired) will feature Ashton Kutcher playing the famous Apple co-founder, circa 1971-2000; the second is an adaptation of Walter Isaacson's best-selling book, simply titled Steve Jobs, and aims to cover the majority of the technology innovator's lifetime. People such as Noah Wyle and George Clooney have already expressed interest in headlining the latter film.Rumors have been circulating for months now that Aaron Sorkin could be brought aboard to adapt Isaacson's literary biography about Jobs. Sony has finally issued an official press release, confirming that the Oscar-winning screenwriter has been recruited for the project.Hiring on the writer responsible for such films as A Few Good Men and The Social Network - not to mention, the creator of The West Wing and co-writer of Moneyball - to bring Steve Jobs' story to the big screen, has always been regarded as a no-brainer. Sony Co-Chairman Amy Pascal says as much (in a more politically correct fashion, of course) in her official statement:"Steve Jobs' story is unique: he was one of the most revolutionary and influential men not just of our time but of all time. There is no writer working in Hollywood today who is more capable of capturing such an extraordinary life for the screen than Aaron Sorkin; in his hands, we're confident that the film will be everything that Jobs himself was: captivating, entertaining, and polarizing."As mentioned before, Sorkin will draw inspiration directly from Isaacson's popular biography about Jobs. The author reportedly conducted more than 40 interviews with his subject over the course of two years - along with more than one-hundred complimentary interviews with Jobs' closest associates, friends and family - in order to create a fully-encompassing portrait of the man.Get Inspired, by comparison, will (according to producer Mark Hulme) draw from the "wealth of source material" about Steve Jobs - while also utilizing "the support of primary sources who knew him personally," in order to create a captivating account of the man's experiences. Hulme is also on the record as saying that the research process for Get Inspired began upon Job's retirement from the position of Apple CEO (some two months prior to his death).Joshua Michael Stern (Swing Vote) is directing Get Inspired, which could potentially hit theaters before the end of 2012. Sony's Steve Jobs biopic is currently without a director and cast, but that should quickly change now that Sorkin is officially working on the screenplay. Look for the film to come together quickly, setting it on course to reach theaters just in time for the 2013 awards season.How about it, fellow Screen Ranters? Are you interested in seeing Hulme, Stern and Kutcher (who bears a surprising physical resemblance to Jobs) bring the Apple co-founder to life on the big screen? Or are you going to hold out for the second version of the Steve Jobs story - as told by the guy who made Mark Zuckerberg look like an awesome, cutthroat geek?Expect to hear more about both Steve Jobs movies in the future.-Source: Sony Pictures
Tags:
steve jobs
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
During the press tour for Iron Man 3, Avengers writer and director Joss Whedon teased two new roster additions, a "brother-sister act," to be introduced in the next team-up film. We've since learned that the pair are indeed Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch and that the sequel will be titled The Avengers: Age of Ultron. It wasn't long after that casting reports had Aaron Taylor-Johnson listed as a top contender for the role of Quicksilver and the actor has since confirmed that he is in talks with Whedon and Marvel Studios for the part.While promoting his next feature to hit theaters, another popular comic book adaptation in Kick-Ass 2, Johnson is unable to avoid the Quicksilver topic and as time goes on, he's becoming more open on speaking to the topic, even confirming a few interesting details.Speaking with Total Film, Aaron confirmed that he's in talks with Marvel Studios for the part but that he's not yet signed for anything. Even without it being official, the star of Kick-Ass 2 is doing his research and is interested in the relationship with Quicksilver and his sister Scarlet Witch."There's years - over 50 years - of backstory on him all there to use, and I like doing that. Him and his sister [Scarlet Witch] have been abandoned by their parents and their father, and they grew up in Eastern Europe defending and looking out for themselves and each other... His sister really is his guidance - emotionally she's the one who looks after him, and vice versa. He's very overprotective physically - he doesn't want anyone touching her."On Quicksilver's personality and how he'll be different from the rest of the team:"He has real anger frustration - I like that. I always thought it'd be quite funny if you saw him eating loads and people asked him why and he'd explain it's because he's burning so much energy all the time. Or ideas that you'd see him come back round - but he's already nipped out and got his lunch somewhere else. He just got bored - his attention span is so fucking quick."That's not unlike the brief description Evan Peters gave at Comic-Con of his version of the character in director Bryan Singer's X-Men: Days of Future Past. Peters gave an example of Quicksilver getting very frustrated waiting in line behind one person at an ATM because time moves so slowly for him, and quick, menial tasks become long, drawn-out events.To its credit, the Phase One films of the Marvel Cinematic Universe leading up to and including The Avengers offered faithful adaptation of the visual designs of most of the characters. Hulk is a big green monster, Captain America wore his red, white and blue duds, Iron Man was gold and red, and Thor was actually an armored viking god wielding a big hammer. With Quicksilver, who sports white hair in Marvel Comics, talks really fast and has several interesting costumes that may (along with his powers) remind you of DC Comics' The Flash, his physical transformation is a big topic point of Taylor-Johnson's discussions with Marvel."That's what we're in talks about really, right now - how I could become that character and not feel forced. I might not look right with white hair, and the accent may be wrong... it just doesn't work like that... It's about - unless you're Jim Carrey or Nic Cage and go 'This is the character', people go 'OK, OK…' When people haven't been shown your range like that, then they're a bit more skeptical - they may not want you to push the boundaries in that way. But that's what I'm interested in as an actor…"The Brit actor seems to be interested in going all-out with his portrayal of Quicksilver should he be cast, but we know the character's origins - and that of his sister - will be changed from the comics since Twentieth Century Fox does own the rights to them as well - they're mutant children of Magneto in the comics. What we're interested in is seeing where they come from and how they acquire their powers, if not for mutation. Will they even have the same names (Pietro and Wanda Maximoff) as their counterparts from the books?Is Aaron Taylor-Johnson a good pick for Joss Whedon's take on Quicksilver in The Avengers sequel? Let us know in the comments!_____Thor: The Dark World on November 8, 2013, Captain America: The Winter Soldier on April 4, 2014, Guardians of the Galaxy on August 1, 2014, The Avengers: Age of Ultron on May 1, 2015, Ant-Man on November 6, 2015, and unannounced films for May 6 2016, July 8 2016 and May 5 2017.Follow Rob on Twitter @rob_keyes for your Marvel movie news!Source: Total Film
Tags:
the avengers 2
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
When Marvel Studios launched their cinematic universe, it did so without the likes of Spider-Man, the X-Men, or the Fantastic Four - all of whom have been among their oldest and most popular comic characters. Without them, the original Avengers have been turned into some of the most recognizable names in Hollywood, but fans of the comics continued to wait for the day that every Marvel character could live under one umbrella. Spider-Man is now officially a part of the MCU, but the X-Men universe continues to move along with Fox.This separation has led to Marvel not being allowed to mention "mutants," which complicated things when they introduced Quicksilver (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) and Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen) in Avengers: Age of Ultron. Despite their family ties to X-Men super-villain Magneto, both characters fell into a grey area of the legal rights for their ability to appear on the big screen. Fox made a splash with Evan Peters as Quicksilver in X-Men: Days of Future Past, but Taylor-Johnson's involvement was cut short. However, he is still hoping he can reprise the role in the future.Taylor-Johnson is currently out promoting his upcoming role in Nocturnal Animals, but Metro.co.uk (via MCUExchange) was sure to ask about the potential for him to once again come back to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Despite the abrupt, but heroic, death of the character in Age of Ultron, he enjoyed his time on the project and in this universe and said he "absolutely" wants to come back. However, if this possibility is in the plans, he is unaware of these conversations. He said:I don’t have any knowledge I could share with you if I did.Even though Quicksilver's time as an Avenger was not nearly as long as many suspected, his seemingly permanent death was not always in the cards. Joss Whedon, who directed Age of Ultron, previously revealed that an alternate ending was shot to the film that included Quicksilver's powers healing him from the bullet wounds he sustained. This was ultimately not used, but it does show that Marvel at one time, however briefly it may have been, considered keeping the character around longer.Moving forward in the MCU, there are possible ways for Taylor-Johnson to reprise his role, either living or not. Doctor Strange is set to open up a whole new realm of possibilities and alternate realities that could be used to either resurrect Quicksilver or have a Quicksilver from a different world or timeline cross over into the current universe.His sister meanwhile also possesses the powers to alter reality, depending on how Marvel decides to use her abilities. She has not yet mastered her powers as evident in Captain America: Civil War, so it is plausible that she could snap down the line and bring back her deceased brother at a moments notice.The biggest possibility for Quicksilver to return soon would be via the Infinity Gauntlet that Thanos, and potentially more, could wield in Avengers: Infinity War and beyond. The Gauntlet has previously been used to bring people back from the dead in the comics, and a situation where the Avengers need more help would be as good a chance as ever to have Quicksilver be brought back. All of these possibilities are simply just that for now, with no indications coming from Marvel that this is part of their larger plan. However if it is, it should be comforting for fans to know that Taylor-Johnson would be happy to return.Source: Metro.co.uk (via MCUExchange)
Tags:
the avengers 2,
the avengers 3
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With Pokémon Sun and Moon, Game Freak are giving a new twist to a lot of earlier Pokémon, using older designs as the basis for new ideas.This isn’t the first time this has happened – Pokémon’s history is filled with times that designs have been scrapped, reworked, or simply put to one side, before being resurrected for later games. In some rare cases, Pokémon have even been scrapped entirely, quite far into development, but have left behind traces in the game’s programming.Today we are exploring some of the weirdest and most wonderful early designs for Pokémon that were ultimately scrapped or redesigned at a later point. These are 15 Scrapped Pokémon Designs That Were Reworked Entirely.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThe second generation of Pokémon saw the introduction of Mareep, a little electric-type sheep Pokémon. Plenty of Pokéfans suspect that this is a not-so-subtle reference to Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep, a story by science fiction author Phillip K Dick which was the inspiration for the movie Blade Runner.Mareep wasn’t the first sheep Pokémon that Game Freak came up with, though – original Pokémon art director Ken Sugmori has spoken publicly about a design that was created for Pokémon Red and Blue which was based on Dolly the Sheep, the world’s first cloned mammal. Dolly was big news at around the time the game was being worked on, so it’s no wonder the team wanted to pay homage to the world’s most famous farm animal.Ultimately, according to Sugimori, the sheep Pokémon they’d created was abandoned, on the grounds that the idea might prove “too controversial”. Considering how many parent groups, religious leaders, and other special interest groups objected to Pokémon when it was finally released, dropping Dolly didn’t seem to help too much.Whatever design the team came up with for their clone Pokémon, it’s never been released to the general public, so fans can only speculate about what they might have seen.The grand poohbah of Pokémon mysteries, fans have come up with plenty of theories about MissingNo over the years. While the entire story behind the glitch Pokémon isn’t quite clear, it’s been agreed that MissingNo is what remains of a Pokémon from an earlier version of the game which was ultimately scrapped.The finished version of the original Pokémon games contain 151 Pokémon, but the games were originally intended to have 190 creatures, and there exists data within the game for an additional 39 Pokémon which were never fully programmed in. When a MissingNo of various forms appears in the original Pokémon games, it’s because the game is trying to access data for a Pokémon that doesn’t exist within the game.Nine of the 39 free slots within the game have been programmed with unique Pokémon cries, suggesting that there were plans for additional Pokémon that were never completely programmed into the game. What’s more, some forms of MissingNo are Bird-type Pokémon – this type is believed to be an earlier version of the Flying-type. This has led to more speculation as fans suggest that MissingNo is what remains of at least one scrapped Pokémon design, which may have been an additional legendary bird.Shellos is a fourth-generation Pokémon, appearing for the first time in Pokémon Diamond and Pearl, and being notable for having different sprite designs depending on whether the Pokémon is caught on the east or west coast of the game’s map.This wasn’t the first time Shellos was programmed into a Pokémon game, though – sprites for the Pokémon have also been found within the earlier games, Ruby and Sapphire.This, fans speculate, suggests that Game Freak originally intended the Pokémon to appear in Ruby and Sapphire, before ultimately deciding to scrap their inclusion. A few years later, when working on designs for Diamond and Pearl, Game Freak returned to Shellos and elected to include it within the new games.This kind of thing happens fairly regularly with Pokémon games – it’s believed that the 39 empty Pokémon slots within Red and Blue, which cause MissingNo glitches, are present because many Pokémon from Gold and Silver were originally intended to appear within the first games in the series.Tirtouga is a Pokémon from the fifth generation of games, appearing first in Pokémon Black and White. The creature may have roots far earlier in the games, though, if fan speculation is to be believed.A piece of promotional artwork from during the development period for Pokémon Gold and Silver shows off a creature that doesn’t appear in the final game. The unnamed turtle Pokémon has never been given any specific description or name, but fans have noted that it looks very similar to Tirtouga, fueling speculation that the earlier scrapped design was later reworked into a new creature, over a decade after it was originally designed.The fifth generation of Pokémon games feature several sly references to earlier games. Fans have also noted that the Pokémon Munna, which is pink with a floral pattern, matches a line of NPC text from the original games wherein a Pokémon trainer wishes that there were pink, floral Pokémon in the area.It’s clear from early art documents for Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire that some of the Pokémon designs for the game went through substantial changes quite late into the game’s development.In one case, Game Freak took a single Pokémon design and sliced it up, creating three new creatures out of a single piece of concept art. Commonly known as ‘Latiaziken’ by fans, the artwork shows a trainer riding on top of a bird Pokémon with arms and legs.This design wouldn’t appear in the finished game – instead, the arms and legs would be taken off and given to Blaziken, the final evolution of Torchic, the game’s fire-type starter. The Pokémon’s body became the basis for Latias and Latios, two legendary Pokémon that are almost identical except for their color scheme.It’s fun to see what ideas Game Freak were tossing around while working on Ruby and Sapphire. Latiaziken might not have made it into a game, but sometimes a single design can be stretched further than originally intended.Back when Pokémon Gold and Silver were in development, fans of the original games were hungry for any new information they could find on the next titles in the series. Something about the idea of hunting out various creatures across a game world is a compelling idea, which many fans took outside of the game as they looked for new designs in every communication from Nintendo.Kurusu was originally revealed during this period, as Game Freak shared some of its concept art and beta screenshots for Gold and Silver with the public. Later, a playable demo of the new game was created, which featured Kurusu as the water-type starter for players.Kurusu is vaguely based on a seal, but its featureless design ultimately didn’t win it many fans, and it was eventually replaced by Totodile. Some fans speculate that Game Freak might have revisited the design when creating the Pokémon Spheal, but this is unconfirmed.Revealed at the same time as Kurusu, Honoguma was the original design for the fire-type starter in Gold and Silver. Its name (which has never been officially confirmed by Nintendo but which is taken as accurate by most fans) combines the words hono, which is Japanese for ‘flame’, and kuma, the Japanese word for ‘bear’. Thus fans have speculated that this might have been intended as some form of fire-type bear Pokémon.In practice, of course, the design does look very similar to a fiery Pikachu. Rumors about new forms of Pikachu dogged much of the development period for Gold and Silver, and with other Pokémon such as Marill and Pichu both resembling the franchise mascot, it makes sense that Game Freak ultimately went in a different direction for the fire-type starter in the games.Some fans speculate that Honoguma might have ultimately been reworked to become Teddiursa, the small bear Pokémon, but aside from the scrapped Pokémon’s name, there’s not much linking the two creatures together.The final original starter design from the Gold and Silver alpha game build, Happa ultimately changed the least over the course of the games’ development. A single-eyed lump of green with a leaf on its head, Happa (whose name means ‘leaf’ in Japanese) looks vaguely similar to a large fungus or single-celled organism.Unlike Kurusu and Honoguma who were entirely replaced with new Pokémon designs, at some point in development, Happa received a major overhaul, becoming a different Pokémon that still bears similarity to its earlier design. Chikorita differs from Happa thanks to its fully formed body with legs, and Chikorita’s evolved form shows that the creature’s design is more inspired by the long-necked dinosaur, the diplodocus, than any microscopic life form.If Happa is actually based on a micro-organism rather than anything else, Game Freak eventually returned to this idea with Solosis, Duosion, and Reuniclus in Pokémon Black and White.The original Pokémon games had a very long development period, taking several years to go from initial concept to finished releases. Part of the problem was that Satoshi Tajiri, the man who created the initial idea for the series, had a difficult time explaining what Pokémon would be about to others, including the executives of Nintendo.The concept of capturing, training, and battling a collection of monsters sounded both ambitious and difficult to sell, so Tajiri was required to pitch the game to Nintendo several times before he could get their approval for the game. To help convey the concept, Game Freak produced a lot of concept art with trainers battling or collecting different Pokémon – this was all done long before the game’s actual monsters were developed, so plenty of them have never seen the light of day.One particularly interesting piece of concept art shows a dinosaur battling against a giant ape. This could be a reference to King Kong fighting Godzilla, or it could be a sly wink to Donkey Kong. Either way, fans speculate that the design may have been later reworked to create Slaking, a third-generation Pokémon based on an ape.The Godzilla-based Pokémon from early concept art for the initial games has more links to other designs throughout the Pokémon series.In the very early days of development, a lot of the Pokémon designs revolved around dragons, dinosaurs, and other large, scaly monsters – it wasn’t until development of the games got further that softer, cuter creatures were introduced to the series. Godzillante was a typical design for the earliest period of development, but while its design didn’t appear in the first generation of Pokémon games, it has subsequently been reworked in subsequent games.Notably, Godzillante looks very similar to Tyranitar, a Pokémon which was introduced in Pokémon Gold and Silver, the second generation of games. It’s possible that this was one design which was considered for the original games, but ultimately shelved until the sequels.Godzillante is shown breathing fire, which is likely a reference to Godzilla’s atomic breath – at this point, the game was not developed enough to include different elemental types.The original Pokémon games introduced Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan, two fighting type Pokémon that appeared to not have any physical similarities in spite of their similar names. Pokémon Gold and Silver attempted to correct this by creating two new Pokémon in the Hitmon line: Tyrogue, the baby Pokémon which can evolve one of three ways; and Hitmontop, a Pokémon which battles by spinning on its head and kicking its three legs.One design for a Pokémon that was in development at one point for Gold and Silver, though, suggests that the concept of a spinning Pokémon wasn’t initially intended to be part of the Hitmon family – if anything, the earlier design looks more like a Clefairy, with a large round face and pointed ears, alongside six far less intimidating feet.At some point in development of Pokémon Gold and Silver, this earlier design was scrapped, but the concept of a spinning Pokémon lives on in Hitmontop.A lot of the Pokémon in the second generation of games went through a lot of design changes before Pokémon Gold and Silver were finally released. Some Pokémon, rather than being redesigned, were stripped out of the game entirely – such is the case with the fourth legendary beast, which may be the precursor to Suicune and Raikou.Like Red and Blue before, Gold and Silver features three legendary Pokémon that could only be caught in certain circumstances. An early design by artist Muneo Saito, however, suggests that there may not have always been three such beasts – the scrapped Pokémon features blue skin and flowing cloud-like purple fur, like Suicune, while also having electrical attributes and stripes similar to Raikou.While this design doesn’t appear in the final game, it appears that elements were taken and applied to other Pokémon instead, creating both a water and electric type Pokémon instead of this single creature.Girafarig is a Pokémon which appears for the first time in Pokémon Gold and Silver – according to its Pokédex data, the creature’s tail is actually a second head with limited intelligence, that may bite if approached by something that looks tasty. Girafarig’s name, a palindrome, is the same when written backwards, which is actually a reference to an earlier stage in its design when the Pokémon has no discernible head or tail.The original design, which was ultimately scrapped, was a giraffe-inspired Pokémon with two identical heads – this gives a far more logical reason for its palindrome name than the later design. According to the early artwork, one head may have been a slightly darker color, although this might have simply been an attempt at shading.It’s not known why the original idea for the Pokémon was ditched, but the name lives on as a reference to a Pokémon that was ultimately scrapped.The fifth generation of Pokémon games introduced Deino, Zweilous, and Hydreigon, three dragons-type Pokémon which gain an extra head with each evolution.According to Ken Sugimori, one of the main artists behind the Pokémon designs, these three creatures went through a lot of different changes before their finalized appearance. An earlier version exists but has never been seen which has a military design.According to Sugimori: “At first, these incorporated an army tank motif, and the marks that look like a conveyor belt on the upper part of Zweilous's legs are the remnants of that”.Sugimori states that these designs didn’t quite work, and they were eventually “put to sleep”, before a new set of more traditional dragons were designed, which incorporated some elements from the earlier designs but ditched the army tank theme.This earlier design raises some questions about what was planned for Pokémon Black and White – often, Pokémon designs serve the story of a game, and it does beg the question of whether an all-out military attack was planned for the game’s climax.Appearing in an early piece of concept art for the original Pokémon games, Rokku (whose name simply means ‘rock’) is typical of most initial designs in that it is inspired by dragons and dinosaurs. It’s possible that this small creature eventually grew into Rhydon, the first Pokémon to have its design finalized, but there are also other references to Rokku throughout the series.Rokku bears a striking similarity to the sprite used when a Pokémon uses substitute in all games, but most especially in games with unique substitute art, from Ruby and Sapphire onwards. It looks a little like Tyranitar, although it’s a lot smaller than the giant that was ultimately included in the games, and it also looks similar to Croconaw, the water-type starter Pokémon for Gold and Silver.It seems that Rokku is often the ideal default design for Pokémon that the game’s developers have returned to regularly when looking for something that feels in-keeping with the original designs for the game series.Game Freak are very good at taking designs and reworking them where possible. As such, while a lot of the Pokémon on this list were ultimately ditched, plenty of designs were either split up, reworked, or saw elements taken and attached to different Pokémon. Some even were simply parked before being resurrected in later games.Considering that Game Freak likes to make references to the studio’s older, abandoned ideas, don’t be too surprised if some of the creatures on this list make appearances in Pokémon Sun and Moon, or in other games in the future.Which scrapped Pokémon do you wish had been included in the series? Which official Pokémon should have been ditched? Share your thoughts in the comments below.
Tags:
pokemon
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Television shows go through a process many people are familiar with involving the creation of a pilot episode. These are made after a concept is pitched to a network using a small amount of money as a sort of proposal episode in the process of getting the green light for production. If all goes well, a pilot is picked up by a network and given a series order for an upcoming season. While this can be an arduous process requiring months of work, it generally works out with series that test well with something the fans can enjoy. In other cases, it can result in a pilot being passed on with no series every being ordered with the actors and crew moving on to other projects.In many cases, the public never hears of these pilots or they don't get as much attention as a fleshed-out series. Occasionally, the public is aware and those pilots that are passed on leaving a hole in our future television schedule we desperately wanted to be filled. The SyFy network is notorious for producing series they either cancel way earlier than they should have or they pass on pilots the people desperately wanted to see. This list compiles the latter with a focus on series the fans were waiting for with bated breath, only to find out the network saw the pilot and gave it the "Meh" treatment.This list is all about the "if only," as fans of science fiction missed out on these 20 Abandoned Syfy Shows We’ll Never Get To See.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewFor the 2002 pilot season, SyFy began development of a remake of ABC's 1960s series, The Time Tunnel. The new series was being written by John Turman, best known as a co-writer for 2003's Hulk as well as his work on Ben 10: Alien Swarm and Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer. The series would have taken a darker, grittier look at the original content, similar to other series popular on the network at the time.In the pilot, an experiment with a new type of energy called "hot fusion" caused a "time storm" that swept 240 minutes through the past causing significant changes in the timeline. It starred David Conrad, Dion Luther, Andrea Roth, and Tawny Cypress. While the quality isn't great, you can watch the full pilot episode on YouTube. SyFy tried to revive the series again in 2005.Heroes Anonymous is a six-issue miniseries published by Bongo Comics Group about a group of superheroes who band together to form a superhero support group. The series was developed into a pilot for the 2005 pilot season over at SyFy but failed to achieve a series order. There is little information about the pilot other than its premise was to be "a live-action drama that focuses on twenty-something superheroes who form a support group."The Heroes Anonymous comics were published from 2003-2004 by Bill Morrison and Scott M. Gimple. The only names attached to the project were executive producers Lawrence Bender (Pulp Fiction), Kevin Brown (Roswell) and Karl Schaefer (The Dead Zone).  It is unknown if the comic book creators, Scott Gimple and Bill Morrison, were attached to the project for writing. This might have been a good show, but it barely made it out of the development phase.Barbarian Chronicles was pitched for SyFy's robust 2005 pilot season as a half-hour animated series created by Brendon Small, the creator of the sitcom Home Movies. The series was proposed as a cross between Curb Your Enthusiasm and Lord of the Rings, it would have been presented as an ensemble comedy set in a world of fantasy including magic and swords.David Letterman's Worldwide Pants Inc. and Small were set to executive produce the series, but it failed to achieve a series order. Unfortunately, no episodes were produced and there is very little information regarding the series online.Kyra was the brainchild of David Twohy, the screenwriter and director of The Chronicles of Riddick and Riddick. The series was meant to follow the adventures of the character Kyra, played by Alexa Davalos in The Chronicles of Riddick. The pilot was pitched by Twohy for the 2004 pilot season, but as you may have already guessed, it was not picked up.The pitch was made for a made-for-TV movie about the character with the potential to develop the project into a series in the future. Twohy reportedly wrote a script, but no other names were announced as being attached to the project. It is unknown if Alexa Davalos would have reprised her role or if it would have gone to a different actress.The 2003 pilot season was presented with a made-for-TV movie called Dead Rail, written by Brian Smith. The premise for the film involved a bullet train making its inaugural run to Las Vegas. On board was a detective who had to overcome his past to destroy hostile aliens. The film was to be produced by Glow Worm and was announced as one of the network's 22 new original films for the 2004-05 season.Dead Rail would definitely fit in with Syfy's cheesy movie line up, so we're surprised that the network turned down the idea. It is not known why the network decided not to continue production of the film, but it sounds like it would have been classic "cheesy" SyFy. The network has made some of the best-worst movies of all time and this one could have easily made the list. No cast members were announced so it's anyone's guess who might have starred in it.Alien Blood was announced as one of SyFy's 22 original films for the 2004-05 season, but it never saw the light of day. Given its premise, it's one of those films that could have been really, really bad or possibly, really good. The premise of the movie centered on, an alien army that invades Earth. The aliens demand that 1 million humans be sacrificed. However, a group of misfits come together to stop the aliens.Though the film was announced, there is little to no information online as to who would have starred in it or even who was tagged to write it. UFO Films was standing by to produce, which may indicate the level of intensity we could have seen. The production company previously released such classics as Cold Fusion, Roboshark, and Lake Placid vs. Anaconda.This 2002 project saw a man out of time in a made-for-TV-movie that doesn't sound as horrible as the network buyers must have thought. The premise involves a modern-day fight promoter who is inexplicably transported back in time to 95 CE in the city of Rome. As a fight promoter now living in a time with the great Colosseum of Rome, you know he got into some trouble!The script was written by Sam Egan and it would've been directed by Mario Azzopardi with executive producing credits going to both men, as well as Matt Loze. There was no casting information announced for the project nor are there any images online. We're not sure how much development went into the project before it was finally axed by the network.These days, Marvel Comics series are all over television, but back in 2003, they were rare in live-action form. Brother Voodoo was pitched to SyFy as a live-action series and it had a lot of big names behind it. Avi Arad and Rick Ungar were on tap to be the executive producers, with Hans Rodionoff tapped to write the screenplay. The series was to be based off the comic character of the same name and would have loosely followed the premise from the books.We wouldn't be surprised if Netflix adapted Brother Voodoo into a television series or a movie in the near future.The series was intended to function as a two-hour backdoor pilot/television movie about the adventures of Jericho Drumm. Drumm is a voodoo priest and doctor who returns to New Orleans following after his brother loses his life. Back in his hometown, he is pulled back into the dangerous subculture of black magic.The intelligently titled On The Seventh Day was intended to be a seven-hour miniseries that was pitched to the network for its 2002-03 season. The story was set in the year 2850 where overcrowding had forced the government to do something drastic. In order to handle the overflow of humans on the planet, all citizens were frozen in cryogenic suspension and would be released only one day a week. This presumably left a little elbow room for the people who weren't sleeping on their assigned days.The miniseries was written and would have been executive produced by Gary Sherman, whose work in the horror genre is well known. He is most famous for directing Death Line, Dead & Buried, and Poltergeist III. Sadly, the project met its end in the development/pitch phase and never saw the light of day.1000 Days was a planned Marvel Comics live-action backdoor pilot/made-for-TV-movie, which was meant for the 2003-04 season on SyFy. The series would have been based on the Marvel Comics series Strikeforce: Morituri, which was about soldiers in the near-future who were significantly enhanced with superhuman abilities, but lost their life after only 1,000 days of receiving the "upgrade."The series was to be written by Art Marcum and Matt Holloway under Reveille Productions and Marvel Studios. It had the backing of studio heads Avi Arad and Rick Ungar, but never made it past the development phase. This series was given the initial go-ahead alongside Brother Voodoo, which was similarly given a pass by the network.The Twelve was initially scheduled by SyFy to premiere in December 2005, but it never made it far into development before getting the ax. It had some big names behind it with Martin Scorsese and his wife, Barbara De Fina, set as executive producers via Cappa/De Fina Productions. The Twelve was planned as a miniseries consisting of an unknown number of episodes based on a concept by David Pirie.Martin Scorsese is a revered director, so it would be interesting to see what he could do with a Sci-Fi property.The idea behind the miniseries revolved around an FBI agent who learns that the world will come to an end on the twelfth day of Christmas. Whether or not this agent was going to stop this catastrophe or simply Grinch their way through to the end remains unknown, since the project never flashed on anyone television screens.Dallas Campbell, best known for his work on The Gadget Show and Bang Goes the Theory, was set to anchor this half-hour reality series in 2005 before the network gave him the pass. The series would have been presented in a reality-television setting, where Dallas was placed into a series of science fiction related challenges that he would have to overcome.It is not known how far this project went into development before the network passed on it, but it's probably a good thing seeing as Dallas' career only improved in the following years. Some of the challenges involved applying to NASA to become an astronaut and working alongside the Raelians to attempt some personal cloning. R.J. Cutler's Actual Reality Pictures was set to be the executive producer of the series.You know those shows about paranormal events where people go into scary situations to try and prove/disprove the presence of the supernatural? This series was meant to be just like that, but with a spin. Seriously Baffling Mysteries was pitched as a 30-minute spoof documentary hosted by Jonathan Frankle with the tagline "Jonathan Frankly goes in search of the paranormal on a shoestring budget."Instead of dealing with paranormal issues on screen, the series was meant to focus on the production crew and the dysfunction seen behind-the-scenes. The series failed to achieve enough interest to warrant a full pilot episode. The series planned to deal with issues relating to the make-up artist's negotiating for a raise via a voodoo doll and other apocalyptic events surrounding monsters messing up production.John Ridley signed on to write an adaptation of his best-selling novel, Those Who Walk in Darkness, for the 2005 pilot season and SyFy was initially on board with the project. The book takes place in the near-future where Metanormals are hunted down and captured by a special elite team of S.W.A.T. members the series would have followed. Metanormals are genetically enhanced people with superhuman powers.While John Ridley's novel wasn't adapted into a live-action tv series, it found its place as an animated film. The series promised to be a high-octane action/sci-fi epic, but it never made it out of the script phase. The series was optioned by SyFy, but it isn't known if their passing on development means another studio could one day pick it up. Unable to continue production with a live-action series, Ridley was able to get an animated adaptation produced in 2003 with voice talents provided by Lil' Kim.Terrible burns are serious business and scientists are always on the lookout for new methods of treatment. In Tomorrow's Child, a young girl is disfigured and nearly perished in a terrible accident. The doctors bring her back from the brink of losing her life by applying a "skin" of extraterrestrial origin to her body. Not only does she return to life, she comes back with strange and interesting powers.When the government learns of her newfound abilities, the series turns into a "run for your freedom" affair. The girl must travel across America, in search of others like her while learning how to use her new abilities and discovering their origin. The series was to be produced by NBC Universal and Horseshoe Bay Productions but never made it beyond the scripting phase.Urban Arcana was based on the Hasbro/Worlds of Wonder role-playing game of the same name. It revolved around an undercover detective, Sean Mayhew, as he seeks to protect all of humanity from an invading force of pan-dimensional creatures. These creatures have somehow crossed into the human world and must be stopped at all costs!Urban Arcana tagged Aron Coleite, famous for Crossing Jordan, to write alongside Gary A. Randall and Rockne O'Bannon who were to be the executive producers. Fox Television Studios was initially on board, but SyFy passed on the project for their 2005-06 season and it never made it out of the scripting/development phase.Long before video games had detailed graphics, they look like the real world, there was Myst! In the early '90s, Myst was one of the most beautifully-rendered video games on the planet and it also presented some rather difficult puzzles.  Mandalay Television Pictures opted to adapt the classic game to television back in 2002.While there isn't much information surrounding the Myst TV adaptation, it would have been interesting how a story would have been developed based on the game. The show was planned as a four-hour miniseries based on the game. It wasn't specified exactly how it would be adapted, but it would likely have involved someone being trapped on a beautiful and mysterious island full of puzzles they needed to solve. If that doesn't sound exciting to you, you might just be a SyFy executive because they ultimately passed on the project.Joe Haldeman's The Forever War is considered to be some of the best science fiction ever written about a millennium-long interstellar conflict between humanity and an alien species. The book(s) followed the combat tour of William Mandella, who would return to Earth after each battle only to find that hundreds of years had passed thanks to the time-dilation effects of space travel.Everything was different and he found himself being something of an outcast in a story that parallelled the Vietnam War and how soldiers felt returning from that conflict. The series was initially picked up for development in 2002, as a four-hour miniseries written by John Fasano. As you've probably already guessed, it never saw the light of day and didn't make it out of the scripting phase.Roger Zelazny's hit series The Nine Princes of Amber follows the adventures of Prince Corwin as he makes his way across multiple realities through 10 books. The series is often considered one of the best in the sci-fi/fantasy genre and would have made for interesting television akin to the likes of Game of Thrones and The Dark Tower series.The Chronicles of Amber was set to launch as a four-hour miniseries back in 2002 for the 2003-04 series on SyFy, but it never made it out of the scripting phase. Richard Christian Matheson was set to write the miniseries with Tom Patricia tagged as the executive producer. This is a series that may one day see production given the enormous fan-base behind the books, but it seems SyFy has no interest.Of all the series on this list, Tremors is probably the one most fans are disappointed to not see. Unlike many series on television today, this was intended to be a continuation of the original film making it a sequel of sorts. They even got Kevin Bacon to come back and reprise his role as Valentine McKee, which is something he never did in any of the film sequels.There is a possibility that the Tremors television series could be picked up by another network, especially with Kevin Bacon reprising his role as Valentine McKee. The pilot episode was directed by Vincenzo Natali with Andrew Miller writing the pilot, eventually taking on the role of show-runner when it got picked up. Unfortunately, SyFy reportedly passed on the pilot on April 28th, 2018. As of the writing of this article, the pilot is being shopped around to other networks, but none have picked up the project.--Which of these would you have liked to see? Let us know in the comments!
Tags:
syfy
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Kristen Wiig and Andy Samberg have already confirmed their exit from the late night sketch comedy staple Saturday Night Live, while Jason Sudeikis is also mulling over his departure. Now comes word that another player won't be returning.Splitsider is reporting that Abby Elliott - daughter of former SNL cast member and recurring How I Met Your Mother guest star Chris Elliott - will not be returning to Studio 8H for the 38th season. Elliott made the announcement herself, but nothing official has come from producer Lorne Michaels or NBC.The comedienne joined the cast in the middle of the 2008-2009 season as a featured player after Amy Poehler left the show in November. In 2010, Elliott and Bobby Moynihan were promoted to series regulars, something that hadn't happened since the 2006-2007 season. Ironically enough, that series of promotions included Kristen Wiig, Andy Samberg, and Jason Sudeikis (along with Bill Hader).With the departure of Elliott, the late night sketch series loses some decent characters like Rachel Maddow, Zooey Deschanel, and one of the annoying Kardashian sisters. However, it's difficult to recall any popular original characters, which might be why Elliot is looking elsewhere for work.Here's Abby Elliott doing a stellar job in the recurring sketch Bein' Quirky with Zooey Deschanel:Elliott's departure isn't all that surprising, considering there was a chance that the series Ben Fox is My Manny would take her away from SNL if it got picked up (unfortunately for her, it didn't). The comedienne was once in "serious jeopardy” of not being asked back to the show before the 2010-11 season began. In the end, only Jenny Slate was asked to leave. Some speculated that Elliott dating Fred Armisen at the time helped her to stick around, but it's not clear why she seems to be leaving again two years later.Saturday Night Live serves as a fine jumping off point for comedic actors to launch more lucrative film and TV careers, and players coming and going is just a part of the tradition. However, with Wiig, Samberg, likely Sudeikis, and now Elliott leaving the show, this seems to be the biggest loss of high profile talent at one time in the history of the show. Does this mean we'll hear of some new cast members stepping up to try and fill the shoes of these departed comedians? It's likely that NBC will make an official announcement regarding SNL as the season premiere gets closer.The 38th season Saturday Night Live premieres September 15th.-Source: Spitsider [via EW], Collider
Tags:
saturday night live
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Powells are about to go from ordinary to extraordinary. After 16 years of marriage, Jim and Stephanie’s relationship lacked the spark it once had, and their family life now consists of balancing work and their two children; leaving little time for family bonding.  During a family vacation set up by Jim in an attempt to reconnect, their plane crashes into the Amazon River. But this is where the fun starts for the Powells as they soon discover that something’s not quite right. Each of them now possesses unique and distinct superpowers.  But saving and savoring their family life will be equally important as they try to find purpose for their new power and embark on a journey to find out what defines and unifies them. The Powells are a totally relatable family that happens to be a little bit amazing.The Whole Truth
This unique legal drama chronicles the way a case is built from the perspective of both the defense and prosecution. Showing each side equally keeps the audience guessing, shifting allegiances of guilt or innocence until the very final scene.Kathryn Peale, the product of a New England background and a sheriff father, is the Deputy Bureau Chief in the New York State District Attorney's office.  Jimmy Brogan, born and raised in Hell's Kitchen and a friend of Kathryn's since their days at Yale Law School, is one of New York's rising criminal attorney stars.  Buoyed by their respective teams, these evenly matched lawyers — each with a strong streak of competitiveness, a fervent belief in their clients and an equally intense passion for the law — go about creating two different stories from the same set of facts.  As this up-close, behind-the-scenes look at the legal process mirrors the excitement of a great championship match, it becomes evident that truth has nothing to do with innocence or guilt — at the end of every trial, the only thing that matters is what the jury believes.
Secret Millionaire
"Secret Millionaire" is a one-hour alternative series that follows some of America's wealthiest people for one week as they leave behind their lavish lifestyles, sprawling mansions and luxury jets, conceal their true identities, and go to live and volunteer in some of the most impoverished and dangerous communities in America. Surviving on welfare wages, their mission is to discover the unsung heroes of America - deserving individuals who continually sacrifice everything to help those in need. Throughout this incredible experience, the Secret Millionaires will attempt to remain undiscovered, coming face to face with extraordinary and amazing people battling the odds every day of their lives. On the final day, in an emotional and dramatic climax, they reveal their true identities. Ultimately, the millionaires will each give away at least $100,000 of their own money, changing lives forever.
 
Midseason Replacements
Off The Map

Welcome to "la ciudad de las estrellas" (the city of stars), a tiny town in the South American jungle which has one understaffed, under-stocked medical clinic. That's where idealistic young Dr. Lily Brenner just landed, along with fellow doctors Mina Minard and Manny Diaz. All of these young doctors are running away from personal demons, but they aren't the only ones with emotional baggage. Take the legendary and enigmatic Ben Keeton, who was the youngest Chief of Surgery at UCLA. He walked away from it all to found the clinic. Together with his right-hand doctor Otis Cole, he'll teach these newcomers how to save lives in the most challenging environment they've ever worked in.In this ensemble drama, five doctors who have lost their way will go to the ends of the earth to try to remember the reasons why they wanted to become doctors in the first place.
 
 
Happy Endings

Forget who gets to keep the ring – when a couple splits the real question is, who gets to keep the friends? In this modern comedy, a couple's break up will complicate all of their friends' lives and make everyone question their choices. When life throws you for a loop... hold on tight to the people you love. Every circle of friends has someone who's the gravitational center. For years, perfect couple Dave and Alex drew their friends in and held them together. Now that they've split, does this group have the stuff to stay together? Or do Max, Brad, Jane, and Penny have to choose sides? Suddenly every event is a negotiation. Like, who gets to go on the annual ski trip? There are a lot of big questions to be answered, but this group has been together so long, somehow, little by little, they'll figure out how to hold on, even though their center is split up. It helps that Dave and Alex have agreed to stay friends. But there will definitely be other complications down the road – like Penny's long-suppressed feelings for Dave. What is the waiting period for dating a friend's ex? This show isn't afraid to ask the embarrassing personal questions that inevitably arise in every long-term, close-knit group of friends.
Mr. Sunshine
Matthew Perry stars as Ben Donovan, the self-involved manager of a second-rate San Diego sports arena, who begins to re-evaluate his life on his 40th birthday. Working alongside him is his boss and arena owner Crystal – attractive, powerful and highly erratic; Alice -- the cute, tomboyish marketing director and Ben's friend with benefits; Alonzo – a former basketball player, handsome and unbelievably happy; Ben's assistant Heather – pretty, sweet, but terrifying because she once lit a boyfriend on fire; Crystal’s son Roman – sweet-faced, clueless and Ben's newest employee; and a hapless operations crew whom Ben refers to collectively as the "Steves."
After ABC’s upfront concluded, I was able to take a look at some of the pilots from the announced series. Being short on time, I watched No Ordinary Family and Mr. Sunshine. While I’m unable to fully review them until closer to their premieres, I will say that both are extremely strong series.
With so many new options for audiences this season, I have a feeling that, come this fall, many people will be finding themselves tuning in to ABC.
What did you think of ABC’s new fall lineup? What shows will you be watching? Which ones do you think will be canceled?
Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasio
 



Prev


1


2



Tags:
no ordinary family



















Yellowstone Season 2 Premiere Date on Paramount Network Announced




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

This unique legal drama chronicles the way a case is built from the perspective of both the defense and prosecution. Showing each side equally keeps the audience guessing, shifting allegiances of guilt or innocence until the very final scene.Kathryn Peale, the product of a New England background and a sheriff father, is the Deputy Bureau Chief in the New York State District Attorney's office.  Jimmy Brogan, born and raised in Hell's Kitchen and a friend of Kathryn's since their days at Yale Law School, is one of New York's rising criminal attorney stars.  Buoyed by their respective teams, these evenly matched lawyers — each with a strong streak of competitiveness, a fervent belief in their clients and an equally intense passion for the law — go about creating two different stories from the same set of facts.  As this up-close, behind-the-scenes look at the legal process mirrors the excitement of a great championship match, it becomes evident that truth has nothing to do with innocence or guilt — at the end of every trial, the only thing that matters is what the jury believes.Secret Millionaire
"Secret Millionaire" is a one-hour alternative series that follows some of America's wealthiest people for one week as they leave behind their lavish lifestyles, sprawling mansions and luxury jets, conceal their true identities, and go to live and volunteer in some of the most impoverished and dangerous communities in America. Surviving on welfare wages, their mission is to discover the unsung heroes of America - deserving individuals who continually sacrifice everything to help those in need. Throughout this incredible experience, the Secret Millionaires will attempt to remain undiscovered, coming face to face with extraordinary and amazing people battling the odds every day of their lives. On the final day, in an emotional and dramatic climax, they reveal their true identities. Ultimately, the millionaires will each give away at least $100,000 of their own money, changing lives forever.
 
Midseason Replacements
Off The Map

Welcome to "la ciudad de las estrellas" (the city of stars), a tiny town in the South American jungle which has one understaffed, under-stocked medical clinic. That's where idealistic young Dr. Lily Brenner just landed, along with fellow doctors Mina Minard and Manny Diaz. All of these young doctors are running away from personal demons, but they aren't the only ones with emotional baggage. Take the legendary and enigmatic Ben Keeton, who was the youngest Chief of Surgery at UCLA. He walked away from it all to found the clinic. Together with his right-hand doctor Otis Cole, he'll teach these newcomers how to save lives in the most challenging environment they've ever worked in.In this ensemble drama, five doctors who have lost their way will go to the ends of the earth to try to remember the reasons why they wanted to become doctors in the first place.
 
 
Happy Endings

Forget who gets to keep the ring – when a couple splits the real question is, who gets to keep the friends? In this modern comedy, a couple's break up will complicate all of their friends' lives and make everyone question their choices. When life throws you for a loop... hold on tight to the people you love. Every circle of friends has someone who's the gravitational center. For years, perfect couple Dave and Alex drew their friends in and held them together. Now that they've split, does this group have the stuff to stay together? Or do Max, Brad, Jane, and Penny have to choose sides? Suddenly every event is a negotiation. Like, who gets to go on the annual ski trip? There are a lot of big questions to be answered, but this group has been together so long, somehow, little by little, they'll figure out how to hold on, even though their center is split up. It helps that Dave and Alex have agreed to stay friends. But there will definitely be other complications down the road – like Penny's long-suppressed feelings for Dave. What is the waiting period for dating a friend's ex? This show isn't afraid to ask the embarrassing personal questions that inevitably arise in every long-term, close-knit group of friends.
Mr. Sunshine
Matthew Perry stars as Ben Donovan, the self-involved manager of a second-rate San Diego sports arena, who begins to re-evaluate his life on his 40th birthday. Working alongside him is his boss and arena owner Crystal – attractive, powerful and highly erratic; Alice -- the cute, tomboyish marketing director and Ben's friend with benefits; Alonzo – a former basketball player, handsome and unbelievably happy; Ben's assistant Heather – pretty, sweet, but terrifying because she once lit a boyfriend on fire; Crystal’s son Roman – sweet-faced, clueless and Ben's newest employee; and a hapless operations crew whom Ben refers to collectively as the "Steves."
After ABC’s upfront concluded, I was able to take a look at some of the pilots from the announced series. Being short on time, I watched No Ordinary Family and Mr. Sunshine. While I’m unable to fully review them until closer to their premieres, I will say that both are extremely strong series.
With so many new options for audiences this season, I have a feeling that, come this fall, many people will be finding themselves tuning in to ABC.
What did you think of ABC’s new fall lineup? What shows will you be watching? Which ones do you think will be canceled?
Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasio
 



Prev


1


2



Tags:
no ordinary family



















Yellowstone Season 2 Premiere Date on Paramount Network Announced




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

"Secret Millionaire" is a one-hour alternative series that follows some of America's wealthiest people for one week as they leave behind their lavish lifestyles, sprawling mansions and luxury jets, conceal their true identities, and go to live and volunteer in some of the most impoverished and dangerous communities in America. Surviving on welfare wages, their mission is to discover the unsung heroes of America - deserving individuals who continually sacrifice everything to help those in need. Throughout this incredible experience, the Secret Millionaires will attempt to remain undiscovered, coming face to face with extraordinary and amazing people battling the odds every day of their lives. On the final day, in an emotional and dramatic climax, they reveal their true identities. Ultimately, the millionaires will each give away at least $100,000 of their own money, changing lives forever. 
Midseason Replacements
Off The Map

Welcome to "la ciudad de las estrellas" (the city of stars), a tiny town in the South American jungle which has one understaffed, under-stocked medical clinic. That's where idealistic young Dr. Lily Brenner just landed, along with fellow doctors Mina Minard and Manny Diaz. All of these young doctors are running away from personal demons, but they aren't the only ones with emotional baggage. Take the legendary and enigmatic Ben Keeton, who was the youngest Chief of Surgery at UCLA. He walked away from it all to found the clinic. Together with his right-hand doctor Otis Cole, he'll teach these newcomers how to save lives in the most challenging environment they've ever worked in.In this ensemble drama, five doctors who have lost their way will go to the ends of the earth to try to remember the reasons why they wanted to become doctors in the first place.
 
 
Happy Endings

Forget who gets to keep the ring – when a couple splits the real question is, who gets to keep the friends? In this modern comedy, a couple's break up will complicate all of their friends' lives and make everyone question their choices. When life throws you for a loop... hold on tight to the people you love. Every circle of friends has someone who's the gravitational center. For years, perfect couple Dave and Alex drew their friends in and held them together. Now that they've split, does this group have the stuff to stay together? Or do Max, Brad, Jane, and Penny have to choose sides? Suddenly every event is a negotiation. Like, who gets to go on the annual ski trip? There are a lot of big questions to be answered, but this group has been together so long, somehow, little by little, they'll figure out how to hold on, even though their center is split up. It helps that Dave and Alex have agreed to stay friends. But there will definitely be other complications down the road – like Penny's long-suppressed feelings for Dave. What is the waiting period for dating a friend's ex? This show isn't afraid to ask the embarrassing personal questions that inevitably arise in every long-term, close-knit group of friends.
Mr. Sunshine
Matthew Perry stars as Ben Donovan, the self-involved manager of a second-rate San Diego sports arena, who begins to re-evaluate his life on his 40th birthday. Working alongside him is his boss and arena owner Crystal – attractive, powerful and highly erratic; Alice -- the cute, tomboyish marketing director and Ben's friend with benefits; Alonzo – a former basketball player, handsome and unbelievably happy; Ben's assistant Heather – pretty, sweet, but terrifying because she once lit a boyfriend on fire; Crystal’s son Roman – sweet-faced, clueless and Ben's newest employee; and a hapless operations crew whom Ben refers to collectively as the "Steves."
After ABC’s upfront concluded, I was able to take a look at some of the pilots from the announced series. Being short on time, I watched No Ordinary Family and Mr. Sunshine. While I’m unable to fully review them until closer to their premieres, I will say that both are extremely strong series.
With so many new options for audiences this season, I have a feeling that, come this fall, many people will be finding themselves tuning in to ABC.
What did you think of ABC’s new fall lineup? What shows will you be watching? Which ones do you think will be canceled?
Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasio
 



Prev


1


2



Tags:
no ordinary family



















Yellowstone Season 2 Premiere Date on Paramount Network Announced




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

 Midseason ReplacementsWelcome to "la ciudad de las estrellas" (the city of stars), a tiny town in the South American jungle which has one understaffed, under-stocked medical clinic. That's where idealistic young Dr. Lily Brenner just landed, along with fellow doctors Mina Minard and Manny Diaz. All of these young doctors are running away from personal demons, but they aren't the only ones with emotional baggage. Take the legendary and enigmatic Ben Keeton, who was the youngest Chief of Surgery at UCLA. He walked away from it all to found the clinic. Together with his right-hand doctor Otis Cole, he'll teach these newcomers how to save lives in the most challenging environment they've ever worked in.In this ensemble drama, five doctors who have lost their way will go to the ends of the earth to try to remember the reasons why they wanted to become doctors in the first place. 
 
Happy Endings

Forget who gets to keep the ring – when a couple splits the real question is, who gets to keep the friends? In this modern comedy, a couple's break up will complicate all of their friends' lives and make everyone question their choices. When life throws you for a loop... hold on tight to the people you love. Every circle of friends has someone who's the gravitational center. For years, perfect couple Dave and Alex drew their friends in and held them together. Now that they've split, does this group have the stuff to stay together? Or do Max, Brad, Jane, and Penny have to choose sides? Suddenly every event is a negotiation. Like, who gets to go on the annual ski trip? There are a lot of big questions to be answered, but this group has been together so long, somehow, little by little, they'll figure out how to hold on, even though their center is split up. It helps that Dave and Alex have agreed to stay friends. But there will definitely be other complications down the road – like Penny's long-suppressed feelings for Dave. What is the waiting period for dating a friend's ex? This show isn't afraid to ask the embarrassing personal questions that inevitably arise in every long-term, close-knit group of friends.
Mr. Sunshine
Matthew Perry stars as Ben Donovan, the self-involved manager of a second-rate San Diego sports arena, who begins to re-evaluate his life on his 40th birthday. Working alongside him is his boss and arena owner Crystal – attractive, powerful and highly erratic; Alice -- the cute, tomboyish marketing director and Ben's friend with benefits; Alonzo – a former basketball player, handsome and unbelievably happy; Ben's assistant Heather – pretty, sweet, but terrifying because she once lit a boyfriend on fire; Crystal’s son Roman – sweet-faced, clueless and Ben's newest employee; and a hapless operations crew whom Ben refers to collectively as the "Steves."
After ABC’s upfront concluded, I was able to take a look at some of the pilots from the announced series. Being short on time, I watched No Ordinary Family and Mr. Sunshine. While I’m unable to fully review them until closer to their premieres, I will say that both are extremely strong series.
With so many new options for audiences this season, I have a feeling that, come this fall, many people will be finding themselves tuning in to ABC.
What did you think of ABC’s new fall lineup? What shows will you be watching? Which ones do you think will be canceled?
Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasio
 



Prev


1


2



Tags:
no ordinary family



















Yellowstone Season 2 Premiere Date on Paramount Network Announced




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

  Forget who gets to keep the ring – when a couple splits the real question is, who gets to keep the friends? In this modern comedy, a couple's break up will complicate all of their friends' lives and make everyone question their choices. When life throws you for a loop... hold on tight to the people you love. Every circle of friends has someone who's the gravitational center. For years, perfect couple Dave and Alex drew their friends in and held them together. Now that they've split, does this group have the stuff to stay together? Or do Max, Brad, Jane, and Penny have to choose sides? Suddenly every event is a negotiation. Like, who gets to go on the annual ski trip? There are a lot of big questions to be answered, but this group has been together so long, somehow, little by little, they'll figure out how to hold on, even though their center is split up. It helps that Dave and Alex have agreed to stay friends. But there will definitely be other complications down the road – like Penny's long-suppressed feelings for Dave. What is the waiting period for dating a friend's ex? This show isn't afraid to ask the embarrassing personal questions that inevitably arise in every long-term, close-knit group of friends.Mr. Sunshine
Matthew Perry stars as Ben Donovan, the self-involved manager of a second-rate San Diego sports arena, who begins to re-evaluate his life on his 40th birthday. Working alongside him is his boss and arena owner Crystal – attractive, powerful and highly erratic; Alice -- the cute, tomboyish marketing director and Ben's friend with benefits; Alonzo – a former basketball player, handsome and unbelievably happy; Ben's assistant Heather – pretty, sweet, but terrifying because she once lit a boyfriend on fire; Crystal’s son Roman – sweet-faced, clueless and Ben's newest employee; and a hapless operations crew whom Ben refers to collectively as the "Steves."
After ABC’s upfront concluded, I was able to take a look at some of the pilots from the announced series. Being short on time, I watched No Ordinary Family and Mr. Sunshine. While I’m unable to fully review them until closer to their premieres, I will say that both are extremely strong series.
With so many new options for audiences this season, I have a feeling that, come this fall, many people will be finding themselves tuning in to ABC.
What did you think of ABC’s new fall lineup? What shows will you be watching? Which ones do you think will be canceled?
Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasio
 



Prev


1


2



Tags:
no ordinary family



















Yellowstone Season 2 Premiere Date on Paramount Network Announced




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

Matthew Perry stars as Ben Donovan, the self-involved manager of a second-rate San Diego sports arena, who begins to re-evaluate his life on his 40th birthday. Working alongside him is his boss and arena owner Crystal – attractive, powerful and highly erratic; Alice -- the cute, tomboyish marketing director and Ben's friend with benefits; Alonzo – a former basketball player, handsome and unbelievably happy; Ben's assistant Heather – pretty, sweet, but terrifying because she once lit a boyfriend on fire; Crystal’s son Roman – sweet-faced, clueless and Ben's newest employee; and a hapless operations crew whom Ben refers to collectively as the "Steves."After ABC’s upfront concluded, I was able to take a look at some of the pilots from the announced series. Being short on time, I watched No Ordinary Family and Mr. Sunshine. While I’m unable to fully review them until closer to their premieres, I will say that both are extremely strong series.
With so many new options for audiences this season, I have a feeling that, come this fall, many people will be finding themselves tuning in to ABC.
What did you think of ABC’s new fall lineup? What shows will you be watching? Which ones do you think will be canceled?
Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasio
 



Prev


1


2



Tags:
no ordinary family



















Yellowstone Season 2 Premiere Date on Paramount Network Announced




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

After ABC’s upfront concluded, I was able to take a look at some of the pilots from the announced series. Being short on time, I watched No Ordinary Family and Mr. Sunshine. While I’m unable to fully review them until closer to their premieres, I will say that both are extremely strong series.With so many new options for audiences this season, I have a feeling that, come this fall, many people will be finding themselves tuning in to ABC.What did you think of ABC’s new fall lineup? What shows will you be watching? Which ones do you think will be canceled?Follow me on Twitter @anthonyocasio 
Tags:
no ordinary family
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
ABC’s America’s Funniest Home Videos is getting a spinoff of sorts, one that offers an edgier angle, but also brings back the original host of the long-running series, Bob Saget. The Alphabet network announced that not only will the seemingly immortal AFV continue to forget that YouTube is a thing for at least another two seasons (which will carry it through season 31), but that all those clips sent in by viewers over the years and deemed unfit for the decidedly family-friendly series will finally see the light of day in the very Cinemax-y titled Videos After Dark. America’s Funniest Home Videos became a Sunday-night staple in the ‘90s, as viewers tuned into see regular folks willingly share their funny, embarrassing, or heartwarming moments with a captive network television audience - in exchange for a chance to win some cold, hard cash. The series was a success (and continues to be, given that it’s fast approaching more than three decades on television), and has seen several hosts come and go (other notable names include Tom Bergeron and current host Alfonso Ribeiro, of Fresh Prince of Bel Air fame). But now, after decades away from the series, Saget is set to return. As reported by Deadline, the new series, Videos After Dark, will dig into the vault of video clips AFV and its producers have accumulated over the years, but this time focusing on “Incredible real-life mishaps, uproarious blunders and extremely bad decisions are celebrated and highlighted with Saget’s comedic commentary.” While it’s certain that the show won't feature anything too untoward (this is still ABC, after all), the new series may well cater to an audience similar to that of MTV’s Ridiculousness or those who can’t get enough of YouTube channels, like Fail Army. But perhaps the biggest news isn’t AFV and ABC planning programming specifically designed to go after a smaller, adult-oriented audience, but that it was able to get Saget to come back. As an actor, Saget has established a squeaky-clean persona, thanks to AFV and, to a much larger extent, to his role as Danny Tanner on Full House and Netflix’s Fuller House. Those roles are in stark contrast to the sort of material he typically performs as a stand up comedian, so the manner in which audiences react to the once prototypical TV dad commenting on “edgier" video clips will be something to keep an eye on. With any luck, Videos After Dark will get a name change before it airs on ABC. When it does make its television debut, however, it will be interesting to see how the series fares in a world where similar YouTube clips are available with the press of a button. Next: Channel Zero: The Dream Door Review — The Most Viscerally Frightening Season To DateAmerica’s Funniest Videos airs Sunday nights @7pm on ABC. Source: Deadline
Tags:
america's funniest videos
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
ABC made the right decision to cancel Roseanne after its star Roseanne Barr’s most recent bout of bigoted Twitter comments.ABC’s reboot of Roseanne has been a commercial and critical hit. Its season premiere was watched by 18.44m viewers and became the network's highest-rated comedy show on any night in over three years (although ratings did fall over the remaining weeks). Outside of The Big Bang Theory, it became the biggest comedy on ABC. Even critics who vehemently disagreed with Roseanne Barr's Trump sympathetic politics found themselves warming to the Roseanne of season 10, a socially conscious comedy that tackled life in the white working-class America of the post-Obama age. Yet that success has come to an end with one tweet too far.This Page: Roseanne Barr's Twitter Controversies are Nothing NewPage 2: ABC's Cancelling of Roseanne Was a Long Time ComingThe success of the show waged on despite the numerous public and social media based controversies created by its star. Barr, an avowed Trump supporter, is no stranger to Twitter drama. In 2014, she tweeted the address of George Zimmerman, the man who was controversially found not guilty of killing Trayvon Martin in 2012, which led to Zimmerman's family filing a lawsuit against her. In March of this year, she tweeted a suggestion that David Hogg, one of the student survivors of the Parkland school shooting in Florida, had given a Nazi salute at a protest rally for gun control (she later deleted that tweet). She retweeted a photo comparing Chelsea Clinton to the donkey from Shrek, then called her “Chelsea Soros Clinton”, a reference to George Soros, a businessman and donor to Democratic politicians who is a popular target among right-wing conspiracies. When Clinton responded with remarkable politeness, she accused Soros of being a Nazi collaborator who "turned in his fellow Jews 2 be murdered in German concentration camps."The tweet that seems to have been the step too far was one in which she said Valerie Jarrett, a former adviser to Barack Obama who is also African-American, was a cross between the Muslim Brotherhood and a creature from Planet of the Apes. ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said in a statement, "Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show". The actress has also been dropped from her talent agent, ICM Partners, who noted in their own statement, "What she wrote is antithetical to our core values, both as individuals and as an agency... Effective immediately, Roseanne Barr is no longer a client."For most critics and industry figures, the cancellation of Roseanne was a genuine surprise. The show seemed like too big a juggernaut to face any tangible form of consequence for the consistently abhorrent actions of its star. It seemed easy enough to dismiss her increasingly conspiratorial tweets as merely being her political opinions. Even when they blatantly veered into smear territory, as they did with claiming that David Hogg gave a Nazi salute, it was easy for ABC and others involved with the show to claim that the art could be separated from the artist.Roseanne Barr is Roseanne Connor. There are obvious differences, but for all intents and purposes, she is the face and driving force behind that show. It was built around her comedic persona and its cultural influence was strengthened by her nervy, no-holds-barred approach to difficult material that no other sitcom of the era was covering. Through Roseanne, the white working-class families of America had a unique comedic voice that still managed to tackle tough topics like poverty, domestic abuse, workplace misogyny and much more. For a while, it seemed like the 10th season, a reboot of sorts for the show, could capture that old magic. Many critics and industry officials argued that there was room on the slate for that brand of fearless comedy that dug deep into just how tough things are for many working-class families in America. It had already been renewed for an extra season. The problem was that making such a show from the foundations of Roseanne meant dealing with Roseanne Barr and her smothering level of baggage.Separating art from the artist is a crucial tool in media consumption and pop culture studies. It’s something we all do at some point in our lives, but it’s not easy to embrace for many. But with her pop-culture prominence outside the confines of her show, it becomes far more difficult to watch Roseanne of any era, but particularly the newest season, and not think of her public life as a right-wing celebrity whose opinions go beyond those of basic common decency. There is a huge difference between being a Trump supporter and comparing a prominent black woman to an ape.
Tags:
roseanne
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
ABC is making a push to reinvigorate its lineup - and the network just acquired a whole lot of back up.Pilots for comedies Other People’s Kids, Work It and Lost and Found have all been picked up for the chance at a series - while Pan Am and the proposed summer drama Missing aim to bolster the more dramatic side of things.No, ABC is not getting into the babysitting business by picking up Other People’s Kids. The comedy follows a single man as he ventures into the unknown, leaving behind his utter lack of responsibility for the pleasure of dating an older woman with kids. This instant family concept, replete with ex-in-laws and an ex-husband, sounds like one half of an ultra-modern Brady Bunch re-launch. However, it is more akin to what ABC has excelled at lately - producing family comedies that are actually funny. Riding the coattails of Modern Family and The Middle is nothing to be ashamed of, as both have found success with viewers and critical acclaim.While those series have worked well as single-camera comedies, ABC is looking at Other People’s Kids to bring them back to a time when Full House and Growing Pains made us think TGIF stood for Thank Goodness It’s Funny. If what the recent slate of sitcom orders suggest, then new chief of programming Paul Lee just might be bringing TGIF back. He’s grabbed other multi-camera sitcom pilots like Lost and Found and Work It to support his potential comedy lineup.Work It – or Bosom Buddies in a horrible economy – centers on two recently unemployed car salesmen who dress up as women to become pharmaceutical reps. In addition to making them appreciate their masculinity, their cross-dressing has the effect of making them better men, husbands and fathers, according to writing and executive producing pair, Andrew Reich and Ted Cohen (Friends).Finally, Lost and Found, written by actress Marissa Coughlan (Teaching Mrs. Tingle, Super Troopers), centers on a New York City bartender and party girl that gets her life shaken and stirred when the now conservative son she gave up for adoption 18-years ago seeks out his birth mother. Coughlan will act as supervising producer on the show.In terms of drama, it took three seasons and an armload of awards from AMC’s Mad Men before other networks decided period dramas were worth a spot in their schedules. NBC has Playboy and ABC is adding Pan Am. Set in the swinging ‘60s, Pan Am takes what is sure to be a machismo fueled look at political incorrectness and gender roles surrounding the titular airline's pilots and flight attendants. Jack Orman (ER) wrote the script for the pilot and Thomas Schlamme (Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, So I Married and Axe Murderer) has been lined up to direct.Rounding out ABC’s recent acquisitions is Missing, a drama that reads like Taken meets Not Without My Daughter. Written by Greg Poirier (National Treasure: Book of Secrets), Missing follows a mother traveling across Europe in search of her son who went missing in Italy while on a summer internship. Thankfully for the son, this is no ordinary soccer mom, but rather a former CIA agent who will not rest until she uncovers the mystery of her son’s disappearance and returns home with the little bugger in tow.If you add Poe, that’s six new programs announced by ABC in one week, not a paltry sum by any means. While, Pan Am could prove brilliant, it could also come off as too much like its progenitor and just leave people snickering at its lack of originality. All in all, it sounds like Missing, with the right female lead, might be the perfect blend of action and mystery to help add some flair to the summer doldrums and be a real hit for ABC. We’ll keep you informed if any of these pilots are picked up as series and if Other People’s Kids, Work It or Lost and Found make it to a new TGIF.Source: Deadline, The Hollywood Reporter
Tags:
pan am,
missing,
other people's kids,
work it,
lost and found
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The 2017 upfronts have seen a plenty of new trailers for upcoming TV series, with NBC and FOX delivering their presentations at the beginning of the week. Next up is ABC, which following the announcement that long-running series Scandal would end with the upcoming season, as well as a reboot headed for Once Upon a Time, and the season 5 renewal of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., the network still has a number of upcoming shows hoping to catch the eyes of viewers and the checkbooks of advertisers. This year, the Alphabet Network has, in addition to Marvel's Inhumans, a revival of American Idol and Roseanne, along with Deception and the Jason Ritter-starring The Gospel of Kevin.As far as trailers for its new series are concerned, however, ABC delivered many of the above series, as well as The Good Doctor, starring Freddie Highmore, as well as The Mayor, Alex, Inc., The Crossing, and Ten Days in the Valley, Splitting Up Together, and For the People. Take a look below:That is an impressive amount of new shows for ABC to be premiering in the fall. Many of what they have on hand looks like it will continue to develop a similar kind of drama and single-camera comedy slate that the network has become known for over the past few years. It's hard to say whether or not there are any true standouts here, though The Gospel of Kevin does look like it'll be a strong offering based mainly on the charisma of Jason Ritter, who is impressively adept at walking that fine line between hopeless slacker and man who has had his eyes opened by a heavenly revelation.Alex, Inc. and The Good Doctor also have the sort of star power that might get them early viewers. Braff's return to television brings his vision entirely, as he not only stars in the series but also wrote and directed the pilot and will serve as executive producer. Meanwhile, coming off his starring role in Bates Motel is Freddie Highmore, who plays a gifted surgeon with autism and savant syndrome, which could present a unique challenge for the actor as he looks to step away from his defining role as Norman Bates.The rest of the lineup could go either way, though, Splitting Up Together does have a potentially unique spin on the same domestic comedy/dramas of the past. Plus having Jenna Fischer on board won't hurt its chances.What do you think? Will this new batch of shows capture everyone's attention come the fall? Which series are you most looking forward to?Next: FOX Fall 2017 TV Trailers: Ghosted, Seth MacFarlane’s The Orville & MoreSource: ABC
Tags:
the gospel of kevin,
alex inc.,
ten days in the valley,
the mayor
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The network upfronts continue, and ABC is the latest to peddle its upcoming wares to potential advertisers. Considering last week’s cancelation frenzy, during which ABC let go of a number of series, like Designated Survivor, Alex Inc., Inhumans (naturally), and Quantico, it’s no surprise that the network would have a number of newcomers ready to fill the programming void. What is surprising, however, is that quite a lot of ABC’s new shows actually look more than capable of replacing the series that got the ax. Perhaps the most promising of the new shows is Whiskey Cavalier, aka, the show that has all but sealed Maggie’s fate on The Walking Dead. The fun, bubbly trailer features Lauren Cohan and Scott Foley as a pair of mismatched government agents in an action-comedy that actually looks capable of delivering on both laughs and action. Couple that with some fun dialogue and two attractive leads and ABC may be looking at a surefire hit come the fall. The rest of the lineup feels like less of a sure thing, but there are some standouts. Chief among them are comedies Single Parents and The Kids Are Alright. A pair of single camera series that appear to be following in the footsteps of Modern Family, black-ish, and Fresh Off the Boat, though, for what it’s worth, The Kids Are Alright has more in common with The Wonder Years and The Goldbergs than the other series. Nevertheless, both boast strong casts (with The Kids Are Alright bringing yet another Walking Dead alum to ABC with Michael Cudlitz) and there are some actual laugh-inducing moments in the trailers. The comedy in Single Parents is a little broader, but that may help it appeal to a wider audience initially. Take a look at the other series coming to ABC in the fall:The FixGrand HotelThe Kids Are Alright A Million Little ThingsThe RookieSingle ParentsWhiskey CavalierOverall, it looks like a strong lineup with at least one series, The Fix, destined to get people talking. Written and executive produced by Marcia Clark (yes, that Marcia Clark), the series makes some fairly overt references to the O.J. Simpson case throughout the nearly three-minute trailer. A lot of those references result in some cringe-worthy dialogue, but even then this will be a tough one to pass up, at least initially. Otherwise, there’s Nathan Fillion’s The Rookie, which ABC apparently feels so strongly about the trailer was released several days ahead of the others, as well as the soapy Grand Hotel and A Million Little Things, which has a very impressive cast and was giving off way more This Is Us vibes than expected. Next: FOX Fall 2018 TV Series Trailers: The Passage, Last Man Standing & MoreSource: ABC
Tags:
whiskey cavalier,
the rookie,
a million little things,
the fix,
single parents,
grand hotel
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Marvel TV head honcho Jeph Loeb has revealed that despite numerous projects being on other broadcasting stations and platforms, ABC remains to be the main network for their shows. The small screen division of the Marvel Cinematic Universe has had a very busy last several weeks. Their first crossover miniseries, The Defenders, was released two weeks ago - and just over the weekend, their newest venture, Inhumans, started rolling out in IMAX theaters. But before all of these projects were even announced, Marvel TV kicked-off with Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. on ABC - an offshoot from the company's movie division spearheaded by Clark Gregg as Phil Coulson, who is still the main link between the small screen and big screen corners of the MCU.Over the years, Marvel TV has continued to grow within. Aside from ABC, there is the Netflix branch that houses Daredevil, Jessica Jones, Luke Cage and Iron Fist and the upcoming The Punisher, while Hulu has Marvel’s Runaways and Freeform has both Cloak and Dagger and New Warriors in the works. This variation in platforms has caused some to wonder if Marvel TV is slowly leaving its partnership with ABC behind or if it is nothing more than a logical strategy to promote their offerings differently. Loeb addresses this concern by sharing that while they may continue to forge collaborations with other networks or distribution partners, ABC is still Marvel TV's base network.Related: Inhumans Showrunner Open to S.H.I.E.L.D. CrossoverSpeaking to CBR while doing the promo rounds for Inhumans, Loeb squashed concerns about Marvel TV's working relationship with ABC, saying that they have more projects together in the pipeline:“Absolutely. Obviously these aren’t things I can talk about. But look, as it is with every single one of the networks that we have gotten with that this is with, and whether it’s Fox or it’s FX or it’s Freeform, or it’s Hulu, or it’s Netflix, ABC is always going to be our mothership. It is a Disney-owned network. We are a Disney-owned corporation and we’re a good fit for each other.”We speak a lot of the same language and the kinds of things that are important to them, which is people rising up again adversity; real emotion; a strong female character, but also a strong sense of family and questions of identity. All of those things are key to being a successful ABC show, but they’re also key to being a Marvel show. So in that way we’re going to go and see what happens along the way.”So if Marvel TV and ABC are such a good fit, why does Marvel still collaborate with other companies like Netflix and Hulu? Leob explained that it is more about the type of the property and whether it suits the Disney-owned network's branding:“I think people confuse the fact that we go to other networks as a sign that we’re not on ABC. The truth of the matter is that those shows weren’t appropriate for us to be on ABC. How do we know that? We talk to ABC and we talk about what is it that you’re looking for?”Marvel TV's relationship with ABC has not been always smooth-sailing. Fans were disappointed when both Agent Cater was axed after two seasons and when the network unceremoniously pulled the plug on the Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. spin-off, Most Wanted, shortly after it had finished filming its pilot episode.That said, Marvel TV senior vice-president of original programming Karim Zreik has revealed that they are currently developing a Jessica Jones-esque show in ABC and are also actively trying to tap into the comedy genre, both of which are statements that gel with Loeb's comments here. This proves that while the content-producing group is exploring their options outside of their co-Disney owned company, that does not necessarily mean that Marvel TV will stop creating shows for the network in the future.NEXT: Why Marvel TV is So Different on ABC & NetflixSource: CBR
Tags:
inhumans,
agents of shield
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
ABC is developing a comedy about a Middle Eastern American family of superheroes. The project, titled Super Challenged Heroes, will detail the struggles of being heroes in a world that treats you like a villain. The fantasy show, created by Larry Wilmore and comedian Bassem Youssef, features the Sharif family, an ordinary family who happens to have two superhero parents, at a time when it is illegal to be a superhero, forcing them to save the world in secret.Super Challenged Heroes will highlight issues that immigrant families experience in America, especially in today's political climate. Wilmore believes that the show will also display the difficulties that assimilation causes in this country. However, Willmore said that the show will not be topical or feature President Trump. He notes that the series will take place in a different version of America and have its own unique world.Next: Divorce & Insecure: HBO Presents Two Very Different Comedies About UncertaintyAs reported by Deadline, Wilmore's first solo sale project with ABC began as a superhero idea he had for a while. When Wilmore originally inked the deal, executives encouraged him to explore Disney IP. The show's creator originally wanted to create a show based on The Incredibles, but he was unable work with the Disney property. He decided to feature a Middle Eastern family of heroes after watching his partner Youssef's documentary Tickling Giants. The documentary followed Youssef's decision to leave his job as a heart surgeon to become a full-time comedian. Youssef is known as the Jon Stewart of Egypt. The pair will write and executive produce the series.Youssef had this to say about the project:“To have ABC challenge the narrative and stereotypes that have long stuck to people in my region is something spectacular to say the least. To have only terrorist roles available for us one day, then get to play superheroes the next, is ground breaking. I am grateful to work with, Larry Willmore, one of the most talented writers and producers in the market. SCH is unprecedented, culture-defining, and entertaining for the whole family.”Wilmore's production of the fantasy show should be refreshing, considering his work on hit comedy shows, like , black-ish, The Bernie Mac Show and The Nightly Show. He also serves as an executive producer for HBO's Insecure and Black Don't Crack alongside Viola Davis. He is also helping to develop ABC's show, The Mayor.Next: Jon Stewart to Appear on Final Episode of The Nightly ShowWe do not know when Super Challenged Heroes will premiere, but we will keep you posted with any updates.Source: Deadline
Tags:
super challenged heroes
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
As cinema has something of a resurgence thanks to the wave of superhero movies, it is important not to forget that TV is also increasingly on the up.As shows like Game of Thrones, The Walking Dead, and Westworld rule the ratings roost, other shows including Will & Grace, Roseanne, and Gilmore Girls have all been given the revival treatment. Everyone has their favorite network, but there is no denying that ABC is right up with the greats.Having been in the TV business since 1948, there is an eclectic history of shows for the network to be proud of, while even now, ABC still boasts one of the best rosters of programming around. Sadly, nothing can last forever, and whether your favorite show wraps everything in a neat bow or gets left on a tantalizing cliffhanger, saying goodbye to a TV treasure is never easy to do. Over the years, ABC has been home to some of the best shows in all of history. From Happy Days to The Brady Bunch, Alias to Lost, and being the de facto home to Shonda Rhimes’ many thrilling dramas, ABC has literally done it all. So, with this in mind, here are the 15 ABC Shows Canceled Too Soon (And 5 That Need To Go).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewWith 124 episodes over seven seasons, Scandal was a political thriller of the ages. Starring Kerry Washington as the no-nonsense Olivia Pope, Scandal served as a grittier, messier, version of The West Wing. A more far-fetched show compared to other Shonda Rhimes favorite Grey’s Anatomy, Scandal represented a diverse new age of TV shows that fans just couldn’t get enough of. Creating the sometimes villainous Fitz Grant and his complex relationship with Pope, viewers often found themselves reeling from an hour of jaw-dropping television when the Scandal credits rolled. Although some accused Rhimes of just going through the motions in the final few seasons, there was plenty there for a continuation.The crossover between Scandal and How to Get Away with Murder showed just what promise a continuing show could have, however, ShondaLand decided this is one predicament Ms. Pope just can’t fix. Jumping before it was pushed, Rhimes admitted that season 7 seemed like the right time to close the door on the Gladiators for good. Speaking to TVLine, she said that she had always planned to run Scandal for seven seasons and promised to deliver another “scandalous” season of murder and mayhem."We are going to handle the end the way we like to handle the important things in our Scandal family: all together, white hats on, gladiators running full speed over a cliff," she said.Safe to say, Rhimes definitely delivered on that front.Long before J.J. Abrams was pulling in the big numbers for ABC with Lost, Alias was holding its own as one of the network’s best. Jennifer Garner recovered from her disastrous turn as Elektra in Daredevil and her own standalone spinoff to become another powerful female presence. Everyone has heard of Sydney Bristow, and with Alias frequently scooping awards, it isn’t hard to see why. Garner excelled as Bristow, the dangerous government operative who becomes an expert at concealing her identity.Alias became something of a phenomenon and even had its own (pretty dire) Xbox game as well as a series of novels. Although some storylines had come to a natural conclusion by the time season 5 rolled around, the finale teased that Sydney and Michael’s daughter had the same special traits of her mother. Fans can almost smell that cash cow mooing. Back in 2010, ABC was reportedly working on a reboot that would remove Alias’ Rambaldi elements to make it more of a mainstream show, but it never seemed to get past the development stages. The Alias writers even reunited at last years ATX Festival to discuss a reboot but remained tight-lipped whether the network was ready to tackle the series all over again. Considering the likes of Prison Break and 24 all rose from the depths of oblivion long after they seemed to finish, let’s put a question mark over Alias for now.Sharpen those pitchforks because this is sure to be an unpopular decision to send Marvel’s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. out to pasture. As the only Marvel TV show currently on primetime, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. is a million miles away from the Netflix crop of Jessica Jones and Luke Cage. Defiantly dodging its critics, Agents has always been on the renewal bubble, with writers only recently preparing for season 5 to be the last with a finale that could’ve been a swansong storyline. Fans will now have to wait until the middle of 2019 before Agent Coulson and co. will be back on ABC again, but here’s why it should be the last. In its early days, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. had so much promise to coherently link the small and big-screen version of the MCU through notable cameos from the likes of Nick Fury and Maria Hill. As the years have gone on, Agents has distanced itself from the Marvel movies and carved its own storylines with some mixed success.Season 5 effectively jumped the shark and sent the intrepid troop up into space, reminding viewers how much longer can the show really ride on the coattails of its movie counterparts?The main point, though, its about time Clark Gregg got back to the important stuff and appearing in the MCU movies rather than being relegated to TV.There just aren’t enough music shows on TV anymore and with the likes of Glee and Smash already having hung up their microphones, Nashville was left to fly the flag alongside Empire. Premiering on ABC in 2012, an all-star cast of Connie Britton, Hayden Panettiere, and Clare Bowen locked horns in the perfect mix of music and melodrama. Continuously dodging the ax, Nashville was saved one too many times. Considering that ABC had only just hired new showrunners Marshall Herskovitz and Ed Zwick in hopes of giving Nashville a new lease of life, jaws hit the floor when season 4 was set to be the last. After much scrambling, CMT picked up the show for a fifth season, but Nashville was still set for an early grave. Finally running out steam, the show is set to bow out in a hush after its move over to CMT in 2016. ABC was frankly foolish to let the show go, and while some of the best storylines came after the move - Rayna’s departure for one -- CMT never felt like home for true Nashies.As the network moved away from all scripted programming, it signed Nashville’s end and the curtain is coming down after six soulful seasons. Only time will tell whether season 6 leaves the door open for more, but rest assured that loyal Nashies will remember the day that the music dies later this year.They say it is a dish best served cold, but with Mike Kelley’s Revenge having been chilled since its cancelation in 2015, now might be the time to bring back Emily Thorne -- sorry, Amanda Clarke.Inspired by Alexandre Dumas’ The Count of Monte Cristo, Revenge was a high-class and high-stakes thriller that continuously performed well for ABC.Season 4 was never meant to be the end, but Kelley’s well-laid plans for season 5 had to be bulldozed to give a satisfying ending. Even as Emily sailed off into the distance (quite literally) with her beau, the bittersweet ending of Revenge left plenty of questions for a possible continuation.There is so much to love from Revenge’s glory days andup there with Alexis Carrington Colby, Edie Britt, and Cersei Lannister, Victoria Grayson became one of the ultimate TV villains. Grayson got her untimely sendoff in the season 4 finale and there is always the worry that Revenge wouldn’t be the same without her.That aside, Revenge perfectly set up the possibility of a Gabriel Mann-led spinoff that focussed on the character of Nolan. Those involved were aiming for a Better Call Saul vibe if  Nolan got his time to shine.Elsewhere, a pilot called Kingmakers was filmed by Revenge producer Sallie Patrick amidst hopes to build the two shows in the same universe, however, these plans never came to pass.Starring Jaina Lee Ortiz as “confident lieutenant” Andy Herrera, Station 19 is another female-first show that Shonda Rhimes has become so well known for. Offering a change of career for Grey’s Anatomy star Jason George, the character Ben Warren left Grey Sloan and stuck on a helmet to join Station 19 and bridge the two shows together. While Addison Montgomery held up Private Practice as the show’s lead, Warren is actually more of a secondary character. Even an appearance from Ellen Pompeo in the Station 19 premiere couldn’t save it from feeling like a rehashed Chicago Fire that effectively swaps doctors and medicine for athletic firefighters and whirring sirens. That being said, at least Station 19 still has the pace of the rest of ShondaLand’s shows.Sadly, the drama hasn’t exactly set the world on fire with its ratings in season 1 and has been more of a slow burner than its other ShondaLand counterparts. Rhimes may appear to have the magic touch when it comes to gripping TV, but let’s not forget some of her less well-received shows like The Catch and Off The Map. Still, with Station 19 already renewed for a second season, it looks like the embers will keep on burning here for at least a little longer. Who knows, maybe the show will hot up in season 2?Everything had been going so well for fairytale frolic Once Upon a Time, well, that was until the powers that be decided to shake things up for season 7. There was a slew of big-name departures, however, the loss of star Jennifer Morrison and relegating Emma Swan to a recurring role hit fans the hardest. Elsewhere, Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas waved goodbye to their time as Snow White and Prince Charming while The Walking Dead’s Andrew J. West attempted to take the reins as an older Henry Mills.While a time jump managed to see Desperate Housewives into a new era, another story beyond Storybrooke wasn't the magic wand that Once hoped it could've been. Moving to Hyperion Heights and trying to mix the old and the new, something just didn’t work for season 7. However, that isn’t to say there wasn’t plenty of potential. Effectively starting again and reintroducing fan-favorite characters like Cinderella with someone new in the part, Once had all the promise to keep running. As everyone waited for the clock to strike midnight, creators Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz wrote the perfect fairytale ending for Once Upon a Time, but who’s to say another chapter can’t be written?Nathan Fillion has popped up in Buffy the Vampire Slayer and leading the likes of Firefly-- is there any TV show that he isn’t great in? Some will always remember him as Captain Mal Reynolds, but others will undoubtedly think of Richard Castle. Appearing in all 173 episodes of the crime-comedy drama, Fillion helped make Castle the show we know and love today... at least until the curtain fell. Although Stana Katic and Tamala Jones were out of a reported season 9, Castle was set to carry on with Fillion returning for more. It came as a more than a bit of a shock when the network axed Castle< back in 2016, leading to something of a rushed ending.Starting as a clever procedural about a best-selling author turned amateur detective, Fillion and Katic fizzed alongside each other with their chemistry. The coupling didn’t exactly kill Castle, but things were starting to get stale before the show came to its conclusion. Viewers had invested eight long years in Castle only to get a Plan B ending that left a sour note in many mouths. A lazy flashforward to “seven years later,” was about as generic as a TV ending can be as Castle and Beckett got their happy ending. Maybe when Fillion is done messing around with cameos for James Gunn in the MCU, Rick Castle could write another book?“Polar” bear with us on this, but here’s why Lost needs to come back. It started as one of the biggest televisual events of the 21st Century and ended with one of the most divisive finales ever. With its ensemble cast and constant twists and turns, Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse’s show had several big payoffs for those who stuck with it until the end. Admittedly, season 6 introduced a new crop of forgettable faces (Dogen and Zoe) while sweeping through the existing cast with the Grim Reaper’s scythe. As the likes of Widmore, Sayid, Jin, Sun, and even Jack all kicked the bucket in the final season, it may look like there aren’t many Losties left for a revival series. With a myriad of questions including the four-toed statue and who was on the outrigger still left hanging over the show, these alone are enough of a reason to go back to the island.Who says a Lost revival has to even pick up where the original left off? Time travel was a major part of the sci-fi spectacle and characters like the young Eloise Hawking were only briefly touched on in season 5. For those still not convinced by a Lost reboot/revival, 2010’s mini-episode “The New Man in Charge” was just the tease everyone needed. The epilogue followed fan-favorites like Hugo and Ben while also welcoming Malcolm David Kelly back into the fold as Walt. In the words of Jack, “We have to go back.”A unique premise as Adam F. Goldberg spun his own comedic childhood into a TV show, The Goldbergs fits in neatly among the rest of the network’s sitcoms. As other ABC staple Modern Family is still going great guns, The Goldbergs is still solely relying on its nostalgia factor. Ready Player One was a great riff of ‘80s pop culture, but with The Goldbergs sitting at over 100 episodes, things are starting to sound a little like a canned laughter track from that decade. It may have been a novel idea to see the ‘80s through the eyes of a young boy, but there’s only so long the same family drama everyone has seen 1,000 times before can remain funny. The core cast is just as brilliant as they were in episode one, but with each passing week, Wendi McLendon-Covey’s role of Beverly Goldberg morphs more and more into Frankie from The Middle. Even notable guest stars like Chuck Norris and Rick Moranis pale in comparison to the plethora of A-list talent that The Big Bang Theory frequently has. With this in mind, it might be time for the fictional Adam Goldberg to grow up just a little bit. As ABC moves forwards with the ‘90s-set spinoff Schooled, the network might be better focussing on one Goldbergs project at a time.An oldun but a goodun, ABC was the first network to bring Wonder Woman to life. Putting Lynda Carter in her invisible jet, Diana Prince had a short-lived trip to WWII in 1975 with the network. From the iconic music to Carter’s legendary portrayal of the hardened warrior princess, ABC let the show move to CBS after just one season. Here, Wonder Woman may have found its stride and a whole host of new storylines as it moved to the ‘70s, but there is no denying that the wartime setting had much more to give. Wonder Woman and The New Adventures of Wonder Woman are effectively two different shows, with the revamped second and third seasons only retaining Carter and Lyle Waggoner (Steve Trevor) from the original cast.Being a period piece and costing a small fortune thanks to set pieces and costumes, ABC spent too long deciding whether it would renew the show.In the meantime, Warner Bros. was made a rival offer by CBS and quickly signed a deal for a wholly new direction. However, you only have to look at the influence on Patty Jenkins’ 2017 movie to see how important that first ABC series was. While it could’ve all been very different if the network had kept its faith in Carter and Wonder Woman, the show is still a beloved piece of comic book history.Having moved on from his days of playing Reed Richards, Ioan Gruffudd played the immortal Dr. Henry Morgan. Every time Morgan dies, he vanishes and then wakes up naked near a body of water - it was effectively just a way to show as much as Gruffudd's backside as possible. Like many ABC shows, the non-linear story was told through flashbacks, revealing plenty about Morgan’s backstory. Given just a single season, Forever’s demise was blamed on live ratings. Although creator Matt Miller has written an idea and pitched it to ABC for season 2, the network like the premise but decided not to continue the story.Hoping to explore the pleasures of immortality, Henry was set to meet a whole host of new characters while even more of season 1’s cast would learn his secret. Gruffudd was clearly gutted by the decision and took to Instagram to thank his fans while hyping what could’ve been in season 2. Fan reaction was strongly against the show’s cancelation, and strangely, Forever had a particularly strong viewership in France and Spain. Politics is said to be the real reason behind the ax, while other lower-rated shows that were produced in-house by ABC were saved. A fan-made graphic novel Forever & Ever! appeared on Facebook in 2016, which in itself would be perfect to turn into a live-action season 2.Quite how Bryan Fuller made a show about heartbreak and death into such a beloved black comedy is beyond most people, but there is no denying that Pushing Daisies was nothing if not original.Representing a lighter side of Fuller’s typically dark Fullerverse, Pushing Daisies balanced a candy-coated romance story with the grim reality of demise. From the opening scene of Lee Pace’s Ned bringing his deceased dog back to life, the imaginative mind of Fuller had everyone hooked.Alongside Pace, Anna Friel was adorable as the Zooey Deschanel-esque Chuck, while the rest of the cast was rounded off by stellar performances from Chi McBride, Kristin Chenoweth, and Ellen Greene.Dubbed a “forensic fairytale,” Pushing Daisies had something for everyone but was sadly hindered by the Writers Guild strike before it limped to the end of its second season.In 2015, it beat stiff competition from Joss Whedon favorites Firefly and Buffy the Vampire Slayer in Esquire’s "TV Reboot Tournament" to claim the top spot. Only last year, Fuller told Vanity Fair that he would “drop everything” to make more Pushing Daisies.Fortunately, it is a sentiment shared by many of the show’s fans, who have formed their own Daisies cult following. Considering that the show was nominated for 17 Emmys -- winning seven -- there is so much untapped potential.Despite plans to live on in comic book, movie/mini-series, or even broadway form, Pushing Daisies has sadly remained six feet under... until now.Although Inhumans was originally meant to be in movie form as part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe’s Phase 3, the development hell of Scott Buck’s project led to a TV miniseries that was cancelled after just one season. With dogy CGI and even dodgier wigs, Inhumas is possibly the biggest misstep for the normally unstoppable MCU. The cast may have included Misfits and Game of Thrones favorite Iwan Rheon, but it couldn’t save the Inhumans Royal Family from being dethroned. Even with the show being spectacularly showcased in IMAX, the Inhumans creators admit that many were left disappointed by the fact that a TV series wouldn’t have the budget of the rest of the MCU’s movie counterparts. While the MCU movies are still ruling the box office, the studio’s take on TV shows can be a bit of a hit and miss affair. Although some viewers have started their own petition to bring the Inhumans back to life, it sadly looks like their time has come to an end.Who knows though, maybe they can go back to cameoing in Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. like they probably should’ve done in the first place.The cast have been released from their contracts and with Anson Mount already cast as Captain Pike for Star Trek: Discovery season 2, it looks like Inhumans was a short-lived affair for those rowdy royals.Effectively another How to Get Away With Murder where stupidly attractive young millennials turn towards an older mentor for help, ABC’s Quantico was the brainchild of Gossip Girl and Smash’s Joshua Safran. Safran said that the idea came to him when he wanted to do a show focussing on a post-9/11 world, describing Quantico as what Die Hard would be life if it was a soap. Trying to be its very own Silence of the Lambs, former Miss World Priyanka Chopra plays the Clarice Starling-esque Alex Parrish, who is thrown into trouble when accused of a terrorist attack on the FBI. Feeling like a ShondaLand show without Ms. Rhimes at the helm, Quantico had just enough head-scratching twists and dual timelines to keep its fanbase hooked.Thanks to the popularity of Chopra overseas, Quantico became a bestseller for the network overseas but still limped to a shorter third season of just 13 episodes.Safran stepped down as showrunner and retired to a consultant role, while Quantico itself has been now been canceled after three seasons. Season 4 is already off the table unless another studio picks it up, and although someone might save the dramatic thriller before its August 3 finale, this one should probably be resigned to the cold case files.Annie was anything but ok when ABC ditched David Lynch’s nightmarish Twin Peaks back in 1991. Despite being firmly in the top-rated series of 1990, viewership steadily slipped over the second season. Secondly, the mid-way point of season 2 wrapped up the “Who offed Laura Palmer?” mystery, which was arguably the show’s biggest pull. ABC also shifted season 2 around in its time slot more time than fans could count, leading to ratings tumbling by the time the finale aired. The 15th episode placed Twin Peaks on indefinite hiatus and ABC decided to show the final six episodes to round the story off.Heather Graham was a last-minute introduction as a possible love interest for Kyle MacLachlan’s Agent Cooper, but the show was continuously losing steam and viewers.Annoyingly, ABC gave up on Lynch’s twisted trip to the Washington mountains and left fans with one of the biggest TV cliffhangers of all time. The maligned TV movie Fire Walk with Me, failed to capture the original spark of the show and it led to Twin Peaks being resigned to the history books. Lynch clearly designed Twin Peaks to go beyond its 30 episodes, but viewers were set for an epic wait before there would be any answers. The show surprisingly returned on Showtime in 2017 and had the almost unheard knack to bring back pretty much the entire cast apart from those who had sadly passed away.Goofball comedy Ugly Betty was effectively a soapy version of The Devil Wears Prada that starred America Ferrera as the lead. With a slew of famous guest stars that included the likes of RuPaul Charles, Naomi Campbell, Vera Wang, and Lucy Liu, it was a who’s who of A-list talent. However, blowing your budget on big names isn’t a guaranteed ticket to a long-lasting show. Although season 1 -3 performed consistently well, Silvio Horta and ABC Entertainment president Steve McPherson released a joint statement in 2010 that they had made the tough decision to give Ugly Betty the chop. While Ferrera has had some success since, she had never hit the highlights of playing Betty Suarez.Ugly Betty was a charming look at the fashion industry and had an eclectic cast of famous faces playing memorable characters like Marc and Amanda, Ignacio, Hilda, and of course, Wilhelmina Slater. Ferrera is among those who have always championed a movie continuation, and in 2013, a Kickstarter campaign tried to fund it in the same Veronica Mars was. As recently as 2016, the cast teased a possible Hulu revival, but as of yet, any more Ugly Betty looks about as likely as the lady herself winning a style icon award.Up there with Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, and Chris Evans, Hayley Atwell’s casting as Peggy Carter is Marvel movie perfection. After appearing in the likes of Captain America: The First Avenger, Atwell got the honor of leading spinoff show Agent Carter. Sadly the female-first premise about the gun-toting spy failed to hit the mainstream appeal many had expected. When ABC swung the axe on the show back in 2016, executive producer Jeph Loeb was left confused, saying that there had been no conversations about Agent Carter not getting a third series. There are hopes that Atwell could return as the no-nonsense Carter in Captain Marvel or via time travel for Avengers 4, but forget some bit-part cameo, ABC should bring back Agent Carter and return the character to her former glory.While some have come to terms with the fact it will never happen, showrunner Michele Fazekas said there were seeds for season 3 littered throughout the second season, meaning all the pieces are already in place.While Marvel shows are still muddling along on Netflix, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. is constantly on the renewal bubble and Inhumans, well, let’s not talk about Inhumans. With the MCU shifting its focus to female heroes in Phase 4, timing couldn’t be better to resurrect Agent Carter from the depths of development hell.  Also, who wouldn’t want to see more of Dominic Cooper as a dishy Howard Stark?Imagining Lost but without the island and Matthew Fox, fans would probably come up with FlashForward. Even including Lost alumni Dominic Monaghan and Sonya Walger in its cast, it is easy to see where people drew the comparisons from. As the network became obsessed with disaster-style shows with an ensemble cast, FlashForward looked like it could be ABC’s next big thing. Focussing on a cataclysmic event where everyone on the planet lost consciousness for 2 minutes and 17 seconds while also getting a glimpse into their futures, it had all the potential to be a bingeable masterpiece.Based on 1999’s Y2K-petrified book by sci-fi writer Robert J. Sawyer, impressive talents Brannon Braga and David S. Goyer brought FlashForward to life. Starting with a bang, FlashForward struggled in its formative days and faced a controversial “retooling” after its midseason finale. Returning a very different show, it sadly limped towards its endgame. With the season 1 finale being filmed before FlashForward was canceled - and with the episode depicting another flashforward 20 years into the future - it was a devastatingly annoying cliffhanger to leave viewers on. Sawyer even unveiled his own plans on Facebook for how to fix the show if it had been given a second season. Embracing the Lost vibe, he wanted to make season 2 even more like the Hawaii-based island adventure, but also include a huge twist where FlashForward would’ve wiped out most of the human race. Alas, no one will ever know if ABC would have improved on its freshman year.Sorry to break it to you guys, but walking the halls of the Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital (formerly Seattle Grace) just doesn’t provide the jolt of excitement that it used to back in 2005. With a shockingly high mortality rate that even other ABC favorite Desperate Housewives couldn’t compete with, the past 13 years of Grey’s Anatomy has seen everything from hostage situations to sinking ferries, bombs to plane crashes. Over the years, everyone from Burke to Izzie has waved goodbye to that iconic hospital, while others like Denny and McDreamy have departed in a body bag. With each season bringing a new crop of generic docs into the fray, Grey’s currently relies on grabbing headlines by bringing back former cast members like Kim Raver as fan-favorite Teddy Altman.Elsewhere, there are rehashed storylines like Derek dying just when everyone thought he was safe - George O’Malley anyone? - and numerous wedding day flings. Even Christina Yang walked out the door, losing arguably one of the best doctors to ever grace a TV show. Currently sitting as the second-longest primetime medical drama, it looks like Grey’s Anatomy is aiming for ER’s crown. It would be virtually impossible to return Grey’s to its glory days, but despite the possibility of flatlining, ABC’s consistent ratings are keeping the hospital open. Although Ellen Pompeo recently told ET that Rhimes and co. are “starting to think about how you would end a show this iconic," that doesn’t exactly sound like the finale is around the corner. ---Which ABC shows would you like to see back and which need to go? Sound off in the comments below!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Elizabeth Mitchell (Lost) plays a mother and Homeland Security agent, Erica Evans, and I don't think I overstep my boundaries by saying that fan favorite Alan Tudyk (Firefly, Dollhouse) is playing FBI Agent Dale Maddox.Remember Laura Vandervoort (Smallville)?  She is looking HOTTER than ever as the alien named Lisa.  Oh lord, I'm gonna get abducted and like it.ABC's V is looking to debut sometime midseason in the early part of 2010.  I think I'm actually starting to look forward to it.What's your take?  Is there hope for the genre on broadcast television with this new entry into the mix?Much gratitude to VisitorSite for the images.
Tags:
v
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
OK, it's summertime - there's a dearth of stuff to watch on televsion, so I slum a little with my Tivo, looking for anything that might be vaguely entertaining. From the TV commercials, it seemed like ABC's new show Wipeout might be kind of entertaining.Unfortunately that's not the case.At this point you may be wondering just what exactly Wipeout is. It's basically a reality show that consists of regular people trying to make it through an elaborate obstacle course. Essentially it's a rip-off of the most-excellent Ninja Warrior which airs on the cable network G4.My love of Ninja Warrior is actually what attracted me to ABC's new series - "NW" is a Japanese TV show that has been airing for over 7 years and features people competing on, you guessed it: An elaborate obstacle course.The Japanese series is aired on G4 with English subtitles and the damned thing is addictive. Although you can't understand what the announcer is saying, the guy gets SO excited over the contestants' performance that you can't help but get caught up in their attempt to navigate the course.On THAT show the obstacles are incredibly challenging, but they ARE capable of being conquered. If a contestant fails one obstacle, that's the end of the line for them. In contrast the obstacles on the American version of the show are designed apparently only to embarrass the contestants and force them to fail spectacularly.I don't what the prize money amount is, if any, on Ninja Warrior - it's obvious from watching the show that it's primarily about the honor of completing the course (which only two people have done in seven years!). On Wipeout, it's all about the money: $50,000.What I find particularly galling about Wipeout are a number of things:The show is obviously taped, and then the crack team of oh-so-funny comedy writers have time to whip up witty quips for the hosts: Straight-man John Anderson of ESPN's Sportcenter and oh-so-incredibly-smarmy John Henson of E! Entertainment's Talk Soup.The hosts (mainly Henson) belittle the contestants to no end, reveling in their failures.As mentioned above, the obstacles seem designed specifically to humiliate the contestants.If contestants fail to complete an obstacle, they can just get up and move on to the next one.As a counterpoint, on Ninja Warrior:The announcer is obviously being taped live and we hear what he has to say as the event is happening. And let me tell you he is FAR funnier than these guys, and WITHOUT a script.The host seems geniunely excited about the contestants advancing. Sure he pokes fun at some, but mainly at the ones who are obviously there just for the attention, and it comes across as funny but good-spirited.The obstacles are incredibly challenging, but are designed to only let those in peak physical condition get through instead of consisting of mainly big rubber balls and tubes covered in mud and water.If a contestant fails to make it past an obstacle, they're done.So I've hung in there through three episodes of Wipeout, but I've had enough... I'm disgusted by it and I'll keep my eyes peeled for new episodes of Ninja Warrior on G4. Actually, there's one thing that might get me to tune in again: To watch John Henson actually try to make it through the course in which he finds it so easy to make fun of others trying to make it through.
Tags:
wipeout,
ninja warrior
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Screen Rant's Ben Kendrick reviews AbductionA lot of moviegoers tend to associate director John Singleton with hard hitting dramas that, more often than not, have focused on controversial topics including socio-economic inequality and racial tensions - so, no doubt, it came as a surprise when the famed filmmaker chose to shoot a film starring Taylor Lautner. Abduction had been sold to Lionsgate with the Twilight heart-throb already attached - with the intention of testing the young star's leading-man mettle as well as capturing his Twi-hard fan base.Singleton is confident in the final cut of Abduction and is already talking up a sequel. However, will audiences be as impressed with the action thriller, and Lautner's headlining performance, or is the movie just an attempt by Hollywood executives to cash in on big names - without having to deliver a competent piece of entertainment?Unfortunately Abduction is nothing more than a middle-of-the-road action-thriller that will only be satisfying to teenage fans of Lautner or less picky audiences who can suspend enough disbelief to take anything portrayed onscreen seriously: be it the overly-melodramatic relationships, predictable "twists," or the paper thin storyline. Essentially, anyone who has viewed the Abduction trailer has already been exposed to 3/4's of the overarching plot - and, as a result, there are very few surprises, or exciting moments, to make a trip to the theater worth the cost of admission.As mentioned, despite allusions to the contrary in the film's marketing, the Abduction story is pretty basic: Nathan Price (Taylor Lautner) is a high school kid who feels out of place (like most high school kids). However, after Price and his neighbor, Karen Lowell (Lily Collins), find a childhood picture of him (as well as a computer-rendered image of what he would look like now) on a missing person's website, the teenager is thrown into a massive government conspiracy - and, subsequently, a run-for-your-life adventure. Hot on his heels are a variety of mysterious people - such as Frank Burton (Alfred Molina) and Dr. Bennett (Sigourney Weaver) to name a few - all with hazy motivations. In order to stop running, and get back to a "normal" life, Price is forced into a series of dangerous altercations in a desperate attempt to uncover the truth about his past.Throughout the runtime, Abduction appears to fancy itself much smarter than what actually plays out onscreen would indicate. This is a film that takes itself very seriously - with very few comedic moments and a few pretty brutal altercations (especially considering the film's PG-13 rating). As a result, the movie is a mishmash of "moments" that the filmmakers must have felt were important for "telling" Price's character arc - robbing the proceedings of credibility as each of these isolated moments undermine prior scenes and don't successfully build upon each other.For example (being as vague as possible), there's a character that is identified early on in the film as someone Price can trust and, when things get out of hand, he and Lowell decide to head across the country to rendezvous with said person - until they hit a bump in the road and the plot line is completely derailed (and the aforementioned character vanishes from the story, never to be mentioned again). This might sound like a minor thing but if you were to chart the actual movement of the characters in Abduction, you'd quickly discover that there's a significant amount of "filler" - Price and Co. backtracking ground and retreading story ideas. The film lacks a real narrative drive and, for a story about people on the run, most of the characters are just wandering in circles - which, given a predictable and awkward plot, is especially boring to watch.As mentioned, Lautner has been attached to Abduction for a long time - with studio heads no doubt testing his leading man muscle. Surely, Lautner handles himself well in some of the more physical moments of the film - he appears to have done a lot of his own running, jumping, and fighting - but falls entirely flat in intimate character moments. Despite a truly horrendous set of circumstances that occur in the first act of the movie, Price does very little but lower his eyebrows and pace around. It's unfortunate because, watching Abduction, it's easy to imagine Lautner (with a few more years under his belt) able to succeed in the same market Sam Worthington has been culling over the last few years - relying on physical/strong but silent type roles. However, Hollywood (in a mad rush to capitalize on the young actor's Twilight profile) has pushed him out the gate too soon - and undercut his chances of headlining another character-focused action thriller for awhile.The rest of the cast is serviceable but bland. Alfred Molina and Sigourney Weaver are completely wasted (and have some of the worst lines that either actor has likely ever delivered). Ultimately, these characters are reduced to outlines who, as the story progresses, could have added a lot to the proceedings - if they had been given more to work with. Lilly Collins actually offers the most compelling performance in the movie - even elevating some of the scenes where Lautner isn't particularly convincing - as Price drags her character from one messed up scenario on to another. She's a competent addition and about the only cast member who seemed to know that the film wasn't going to get by on plot, melodrama, and Lautner's name alone.In the end, there's very little to celebrate in Abduction. Aside from a few of the more physical moments in movie, the story is generic and cliche', the characters are one dimensional shells with little to do but run from place to place, and the performances are stilted at best and, more often than not, completely cheesy. Fans of Taylor Lautner will likely be satisfied by seeing the actor try on his leading man chops as well as enjoy the five separate occasions where the Twilight star takes off his shirt but, for fans of worthwhile trips to the theater, Abduction is hard to recommend.If you’re still on the fence about Abduction, check out the trailer below:httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEVkp5Je7m0-[poll id="193"]-Follow me on Twitter @benkendrick - and let us know what you thought of the film below:Abduction is now in theaters.
Tags:
abduction
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Screen Rant had a humble start back in 2003 and, in the years since, has grown into one of the largest and most-respected entertainment news sources
in the world - serving over 140 million readers in 2017 alone. We don't just report news, we editorialize it with unique insight
that engages everyone from casual entertainment lovers to hardcore movie buffs. With television, film, and video game news, reviews, podcasts, and a YouTube
channel with over 4.8 million subscribers, Screen Rant is the ultimate geek entertainment destination. Supported by Valnet Inc., the most influential media network in online entertainment, Screen Rant has gone global:SR editors report from the pop culture events our readers (new and returning) love most. Passionate cinephiles, TV addicts, gamers, and
comic book readers, the Screen Rant team comes from diverse backgrounds in film studies, creating writing, video production, and business
management brought together by a passion for all things entertainment and a goal of providing the best, as well as most engaging, content
possible for visitors to our site.
In About Time awkward and reluctant 21 year-old, Tim Lake (Domhnall Gleeson) gets life-changing news when his father (Bill Nighy) reveals that then men in their family have the ability to travel back between the present and past (but not the future). Whereas dear old Dad has used the gift in the pursuit of knowledge, by reading every book worth reading, Tim is quick to decide that his time-hopping story will be about finding true love.After moving from his family’s seaside estate to big city London, it isn’t long before Tim finds his soul mate Mary (Rachel McAdams) in a chance dinner meeting. However, when he travels back in time to help save his playwright roommate from a career-ending show, Tim learns that, due to his time-meddling, the encounter with Mary no longer occurred – as every change he makes in the past can have minor (and sometimes major) consequences for the future. Armed with this knowledge, Tim sets out to find Mary (again) for the start of a life-long journey of love, loss, and living each day to the fullest (sometimes more than once).About Time was written and directed by Love Actually helmer Richard Curtis, who is no stranger to time-traveling protagonists, given that he penned the fan-favorite Doctor Who episode “Vincent and the Doctor." Unlike Doctor Who, About Time is free of extraterrestrial threats and mind-bending paradoxes, but that doesn't mean Curtis falls short in offering a compelling time-travel story mixed with an evocative and moving character drama. Science fiction fans will find some fun twists on traditional time-travel tropes (along with a lot of logic holes); but, while the time travel aspect is essential to the plot (as well as many of the jokes), About Time is first and foremost a tale about love and family.The About Time marketing has focused heavily on Tim's pursuit of Mary but the larger storyline is significantly broader than the trailers suggest - as the Tim/Mary romance is actually established relatively early. Thankfully, the plot covers a lot more ground than a simple rom-com, as Tim uses his ability to help a troubled sister, raise children, improve his career, and (most importantly) face losses outside of his time-altering control. Curtis ensures that Tim explores the limitations and consequences of his power in a wide variety of scenes and unique situations but a few of the setups will be familiar to filmgoers who frequent indie family dramas. Nevertheless, the time-travel backdrop adds a layer of complexity that allows About Time to break out of any over-used tropes and present fresh insights - especially during interactions between Tim and his father.Performances are strong across the board but the film's leading man Domhnall Gleeson (best known for his portrayal of Bill Weasley in the Harry Potter films) is a standout as the time-traveling Tim. Not only does Gleeson effortlessly present his character's growing confidence throughout the story, from a clumsy kid to a self-assured adult, watching Gleeson revisit key scenes over and over again (varying Tim's reactions each time around) is exceptionally entertaining. Yet, Curtis wasn't content to just pen a straightforward story about a man that can travel through time, and Gleeson is up to the task of ensuring that Tim is, first and foremost, a relatable protagonist charged with an immense gift (and subsequently responsibility). As a result, in addition to time-hopping hijinks, the actor sells a number of challenging and sentimental scenes that ground the film in uplifting (as well as heart-wrenching) drama.The onscreen chemistry between Tim and Mary is also strong and authentic - making it easy to connect with the pair in times of joy and struggle without resorting to sappy rom-com melodrama. McAdams gets to dabble in a much more quirky and down-to-earth character than many of her prior romance genre roles - since Mary is not a glamorous girl in pursuit of a Prince Charming. Much like Tim, she's a fully realized dreamer with interesting eccentricities, which makes her a believable and captivating partner in love (instead of simply a coveted dream girl).As mentioned, while Tim's search for true love is a central (and enjoyable) feature of About Time, the relationship between the film's time-traveling father and son pair is equally important and affecting. Unsurprisingly, Nighy is likable and charming as Tim's dad - unabashedly throwing himself into the role and presenting the senior Lake as a brilliant and enthusiastic person who has lived (and relived) his days to the fullest. The central cast is rounded-out with an equally competent set of performances from Lindsay Duncan and Lydia Wilson as Tim's mother and sister, respectively. Both characters are primarily relegated to supporting the father and son arc or exploring aspects of the time-travel plot device but Mrs. Lake and Kit Kat are still rounded - even if their screen time is slightly limited.Sadly, while time-travel enables About Time to separate itself from other romance/family dramas, the actual logistics of the science fiction backdrop will be extremely problematic for some viewers. About Time spends a lot of its runtime explaining the rules of its particular take on time-travel - through a lot of heavy-handed exposition from father Lake as well as Tim's trial-and-error experimentation. Strangely, Curtis often breaks any established rules without consequence (or acknowledgment). The director is, for old reason, focused on telling the best possible character story but, sometimes, emotional moments come at the expense of major plot holes that go entirely unexplained. It's unlikely that any oversights (or cheats) will bother mainstream moviegoers who are engaged in Tim's storyline but moviegoers who (understandably) expect time-travel stories to respect their own rules will find several obvious contradictions and holes in About Time.Overall, Curtis succeeds at telling an impactful and engaging character story about a man that can travel back in time. Solid performances from the entire cast ensure that About Time nails nearly every key moment - presenting smart and often humorous drama. That said, the writer/director benefits from his time-traveling premise without also spending the time (and effort) to ensure that About Time is also a proficient sci-fi tale. Clumsy (and downright broken) time-travel rules undercut the success of the project - as many moviegoers will, after the fact, have a difficult time piecing together the logistics and plugging-up plot holes. For that reason, science fiction fans, along with anyone who is especially intrigued by the time travel premise, should temper certain expectations and, instead, focus on About Time's endearing character moments - which were clearly priority number one for Curtis.If you’re still on the fence about About Time, check out the trailer below:
-
[poll id="709"]
___
About Time runs 123 minutes and is Rated R for language and some sexual content. Now playing in theaters.
Let us know what you thought of the film in the comment section below.
Follow me on Twitter @benkendrick for future reviews, as well as movie, TV, and gaming news.


Our Rating:

3.5 out of 5 (Very Good)



Tags:
about time



















Andrew Garfield Reflects On His Time Playing Spider-Man




Share


Tweet


Comment


Email


Copy Link
Copied






Leave A Comment



    document.addEventListener('DOMContentLoaded', function() {
        var showCommentsBtns = document.querySelectorAll('.showCommentsButton');
        var facebookComments = document.getElementById('facebookComments');

        if (facebookComments == null) return;


        for (var i = 0; i < showCommentsBtns.length; i++) {
            showCommentsBtns[i].addEventListener('click', function() {
                facebookComments.style.display = 'block';
                //showCommentsBtns.style.display = 'none';
            });
        }
    });

-[poll id="709"]___About Time runs 123 minutes and is Rated R for language and some sexual content. Now playing in theaters.Let us know what you thought of the film in the comment section below.Follow me on Twitter @benkendrick for future reviews, as well as movie, TV, and gaming news.
Tags:
about time
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Two very different cinematic visions of Abraham Lincoln will be released in 2012. One arrives in the form of Lincoln, a Steven Spielberg-directed biopic about the last few months in the famous U.S. president's life/time in office - and the other is Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, a subversive historical flick that exposes Lincoln's "secret life" as a warrior who battles blood-thirsty vampires, as brought to life by Wanted director Timur Bekmambetov.Today, we have a new international poster for Vampire Hunter that, like the original novel's cover, pokes fun at an iconic representation of Honest Abe (namely, the Lincoln Memorial). In addition, there's a new behind-the-scenes video composed of interviews with some of the film's cast and crew, including star Benjamin Walker.The part of Lincoln has the potential to be a breakout role for Walker, whose more noteworthy roles to date include supporting parts in auteur flicks, like Bill Condon's Kinsey and Clint Eastwood's Flags of Our Fathers, along with an attention-grabbing lead turn in the play Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson. Likewise, a good chunk of the Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter cast is composed of lesser-knowns such as Walker, along with fan-favorites like Anthony Mackie (The Hurt Locker, Real Steel).Check out Walker as the 16th U.S. president (trusty axe in hand) in the new international poster for Vampire Hunter, followed by the first behind-the-scenes clip, below:CLICK FOR LARGER VERSION --Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter won't have a significant impact on just Walker's future; both this film and Tim Burton's Dark Shadows should offer a pretty solid first-impression of Seth Grahame-Smith's screenwriting abilities. Enthusiasm for not-yet-certain upcoming Smith-scripted projects like Beetlejuice 2 and Unholy Night could become all the more (or less) valued, should both of the aforementioned 2012 releases play well with moviegoers (or, alternatively, fail to please the moviegoing masses).If nothing else, Vampire Hunter should certainly feel quite different than your average summer popcorn flick. As you may have noticed with regards to some of the sets, costumes, and makeup briefly glimpsed in the above featurette, this film is being fashioned as a mix of historically-accurate production design on a par with your average awards-hopeful period drama - and over-the-top 3D action set pieces that pit humans against supernatural creatures of the night.That makes Vampire Hunter a different beast that even Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes movies, which infuse their 19th-century setting with more of a stylized Steampunk aesthetic. Whether the former will be more, less, or as financially-successful as Ritchie's blockbuster Holmes series, that remains to be seen...Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter will hits theaters in the U.S. on June 22nd, 2012.Source: CineHeroes.net, MTV
Tags:
abraham lincoln vampire hunter
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With Seth Graham-Smith's literary mash-up Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter finally telling the "true story" behind one of America's most iconic presidents, we decided to see what other unique stories were out there – and what crazy secrets they revealed about history's (and literature's) famed faces.From dead dwarves, zombies and werewolves to androids, these 30(!) literary mash-ups put a new twist on familiar stories. If you think Abraham Lincoln is dangerous with a hatchet, just wait until you see what Queen Victoria can do with with her royal axe.So let's kick things off with another literary mash-up from Graham-Smith... 
Tags:
abraham lincoln vampire hunter
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Seth Grahame-Smith hit it big with his best-selling horror/classic literature mashup Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, which is currently being developed into a movie. Now another one of Grahame-Smith's literary works, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, is on its way to the big screen as well.20th Century Fox has officially acquired the rights to Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, which was optioned earlier this year by Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov (Wanted). Burton will produce the flick, which it seems will be Bekmambetov's next directorial effort, instead of either Wanted 2 or Red Asphalt.Grahame-Smith's novel re-imagines the 16th president of the United States as a deadly vampire slayer who has been on a quest for revenge against the blood-sucking creatures of the night ever since he found out that they were responsible for the death of his mother.Lincoln eventually learns that the vampires have fled to the southern states of the U.S. and are concocting a plan to conquer and enslave the entire country - this in turn leads to the Civil War between the Union and the Confederacy, the latter of which the vampires are aligned with.The Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter script has already been written by Grahame-Smith, while the film adaptation itself is being envisioned as a $69 million-budgeted, 3D affair. The presence of both Burton and Bekmambetov behind the camera should (if nothing else) assure that the movie is visually-fantastical in design - expect it to be a hard R-Rated, bloody action flick as well.One would expect a project that is titled Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter to be realized as a cheap B-movie that is destined for a direct-to-DVD/Blu-ray release. The suggestion that it is actually a tentpole pic in the making is kind of mystifying at first, but, then again, the innately ludicrous nature of the project is the very quality that makes it so enticing to begin with.Can Burton and Bekmambetov deliver a final product that is as over-the-top and entertainingly silly as the title indicates it should be? It seems highly unlikely that Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter will not have its tongue planted firmly against its cheek - still, stranger things have happened in Hollywood.Production on Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter is expected to being next March, with a 2012 release date in mind.Source: Deadline
Tags:
abraham lincoln vampire hunter
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In 2015, fans couldn't help but notice something missing from the trailers for Star Wars: The Force Awakens. The focus was on new characters Rey (Daisy Ridley) and Finn (John Boyega). There were also shots of new villain Kylo Ren (Adam Driver) and the adorable droid BB-8. As for those craving some nostalgia, there was plenty of Han Solo (Harrison Ford) and General Leia (Carrie Fisher) to satisfy. But there was someone whose absence was quickly noted and speculated about. Nowhere in any of the trailers was there even a single shot of Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) even though he was the main character in the original trilogy.Upon seeing The Force Awakens Skywalker's absence from the promotional material was quickly explained. He was hardly in the film at all. It's not easy to show people footage and stills of a character when they have no dialogue and a scant few seconds of screen time. Indeed, the plot of the film centered around a piece of map which would lead General Leia to her long lost twin brother Luke. So it wasn't until the final minute or so of the film that young Rey, accompanied by Chewbacca, discovered Luke and offered the Jedi Knight his old lightsaber.A little over a year later, fans are counting down until they finally hear what Luke has to say after all this time. Star Wars: The Last Jedi is scheduled for a December release, and it promises to finally catch everyone up on what happened to Luke after his nephew/student Ben turned to the dark side and became Kylo Ren. J.J. Abrams - who co-wrote and directed The Force Awakens and is an Executive Producer on The Last Jedi - has the highest of praise for Hamill's performance. According to NY Daily News, during a speech given at the Oscar Wilde Awards, Abrams said that he thinks Hamill deserves to win an Oscar for his performance: "I think we are all going to be very upset if he does not win an Oscar, and no one more upset than Mark."The Star Wars franchise has some history with the Academy Awards. The original trilogy won some technical awards, most going to the first film. However, in over eight movies there has only been one Oscar nomination for acting - Alec Guinness was nominated for Best Supporting Actor for playing Obi-Wan Kenobi in the first film - and no Oscar wins in any category since Return of the Jedi. George Lucas, who created the franchise, lobbied very hard for Frank Oz to get a Supporting Actor nomination for the work he did as Yoda in The Empire Strikes Back, a plan that ultimately did not work since Oz was manipulating and voicing a puppet.Even though Hamill has been acting since 1970, he has never been nominated for an Oscar. Most of the awards he has won or been nominated for have been for his extensive voiceover work. After his long and incredible career, maybe it is time for him to finally win this top honor. Whether he deserves it or not is something fans will not be able to consider until December. It's a long wait, but if Abrams is right, it'll be worth it.Next: Star Wars 8: Supreme Leader Snoke Is A ‘Maniacal Zealot’Source: NY Daily News
Tags:
star wars 8
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Netflix might be pivoting more and more into original programming. (In fact, while you were reading that sentence, the streaming platform probably just dropped some big new series that will be the talk of the internet for the next two to three weeks.) It's home to a vast array of TV shows from other networks as well, both of the great and not-so-great variety.Netflix isn't just a place to watch the new season of Orange is the New Black or Stranger Things. It's also a method to watch old shows that you might have missed or catch up on some current series ahead of a new season. Like anything with a deep library, however, there are more than a few stinkers in Netflix’s digital troves. The service has shows that you can binge in their entirety, but that doesn't mean you should.These are the worst of the worst on Netflix. They may not be original programming from the streaming service itself, but they can be watched there. (In other words, Fuller House, while absolutely wretched, won’t be on this list.) If you're looking for a new show to binge, these are some of the worst choices you could make.Here are the 17 Absolute Worst Shows On Netflix.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIf Dexter had ended around its third or fourth season, it would undoubtedly be one of the best shows on Netflix, and maybe one of the best series ever. But Showtime didn’t know when to quit with their favorite serial killer, so the interesting tale of this anti-hero went on way too long and became a parody of itself.The later seasons of Dexter are so ridiculous that they completely undermine the greatness that are the first few years. In some ways, the terrible later efforts even take away the show's strengths. Debra doesn’t put up with Dexter’s anti-social behavior because of their sibling bond. According to the later seasons, she is romantically in love with him. Incest is never the answer, no matter how ideas have been explored.To watch the first four seasons of Dexter is a recommended endeavor. Going anywhere behind the season 4 finale, as tragic as that episode may be, is an exercise in torture.The original 90120 is perfect example of '90s camp and nostalgia. It’s an unapologetic soap opera, but it's also self-aware, fun, and it was certainly a risky show for its era. The remake/sequel which ran from 2008 to 2013 was exactly none of those things.There are startlingly few original characters in the new 90120. Mostly, the series opted to simply recreate the old characters with slightly different names and backgrounds. The result is an uninspired mismatch of new and old. 90120 became a cultural touchstone of the '90s because of the archetypes that were on display and how fresh everything felt. The second 90120 is just a pale imitation.That said, the remake of 90120 isn't an outright dumpster fire. It was successful enough to even spawn a remake of Melrose Place. The remake is just merely passable. With hundreds of shows to watch on Netflix, a passable second attempt of a much more influential show simply isn't worth it.Glee is an easy punching bag to take aim at, with countless jokes having been made at its expense. There is a reason for the mocking. Outside of a fun but uneven first season, Ryan Murphy's high school musical series is a mess. From season 2 onward, Glee wanted to be a live-action cartoon and a show that tackled incredibly hot-button issues like transgender rights, homosexuality, and domestic abuse.This would've been fine, if Glee had approached any of these topics with a sense of tact. Unfortunately, this series doesn't know the meaning of the word "tact." Glee is an indulgence of showrunner Ryan Murphy’s most garish instincts. The show frequently switches directly from long abusive tirades courtesy of Jane Lynch’s character to lectures about the dangers of bullying.The worst thing about Glee is what supposedly made it unique. While there are some genuinely great singers on the show's cast, every performance is heavily altered in post-production, having been autotuned beyond recognition. Every song from Glee sounds like a Kidz Bop album from the ninth circle of Hell.Humor is subjective, and that is especially true with Seth MacFarlane’s animated comedies. While some love the edgy humor of Family Guy and American Dad, others find it offputting and uninspired. At least Family Guy and American Dad have a little bit of effort put into them, though. MacFarlane’s short-lived The Cleveland Show has almost no love or care in its DNA.A Family Guy spin-off, The Cleveland Show is just Family Guy with a black family instead of a white one. Every role in the Griffin family is filled in a one-to-one transition with Cleveland’s brood. Yet the title character, it must be said, is not Peter Griffin.Peter might not be everyone’s cup of comedy tea, but he has a personality. Cleveland is just a bland guy with a slightly funny voice. He’s not a basis for any sitcom, least of all an animated one, where the characters tend (and need to be) much bigger.Star-Crossed sounds like a joke, but it was a real television show, created by real human beings that can be binged on Netflix, a real streaming platform. As the name would suggest, Star-Crossed aims to be a modern, and science-fiction inspired, Romeo and Juliet. A human girl falls in love with a boy from a maligned and abused alien people. (Actual aliens mind you, not just a group of immigrants from across the border.)You’d be forgiven for thinking that the “aliens” in Star-Crossed are just humans, however, because the only thing that marks them as “other” are tattoo-like markings on their face. Matt Lanter plays the alien Romeo to Aimee Teegarden’s Juliet, and when someone as All-American hot as Matt Lanter is playing the disgusting alien, you know there's been a mistake.Outside of the ridiculous premise, Star-Crossed lacks all passion necessary for romance series. The two leads have no chemistry and any attempt to get them together is laughable.Revolution was producer Eric Kripke’s return to TV following his breakout creation Supernatural, and before Timeless. While Kripke’s fans gave the show a second season and a fervent hope that it could get better, nothing ever came of the wishes or hopes.Revolution has an intriguing premise. It exists in a world that suddenly lost all technology, and there are glimmers where the show almost capitalizes on its strong core ideas. It’s never more than glimmer. Revolution is more a cheesy soap opera than an interesting character-based science fiction epic.Revolution had one of the better casts in recent network TV history, boasting the likes of Billy Burke, Elizabeth Mitchell, and Giancarlo Esposito. Esposito was even hot off his terrific run as Gus Fring on Breaking Bad. While the ensemble is nothing to scoff at, the plot supporting them is just bland and uninspired. Revolution’s not terrible, it’s just boring, which may be an even worse sin.The battle between Star Wars and Star Trek for science fiction supremacy will likely wage on for decades. While the Star Wars prequels are (rightly) maligned, Star Trek has an origin story nearly as bad in the form of Enterprise. Though Enterprise originally aired in the early 2000s, it takes place before the original Star Trek from the 1960s. Enterprise is pretty much everything wrong with a prequel. It’s lazy, unoriginal, and lacks what made the first outing great to begin with.Enterprise is bereft of the magic and excitement of not only the original series, but of Star Trek itself. There is nothing clever or intriguing about this venture into the final frontier - it merely exists. Enterprise hints at or tells important stories to the lore of the universe, like the founding of the Federation and the Romulan War, but it never really excites.Worst of all, the series leaves a ton of plot threads hanging with a dismal series finale. Enterprise was cancelled before its time, so it's hard to be too harsh, but it still wasted the time it did have moping around with side stories and not getting to what the fans wanted to see.Last Man Standing has gotten a lot of flak for being “too political.” Tim Allen is a hardcore conservative, and his own political views have undeniably seeped into his Last Man Standing character. But the problem with Last Man Standing isn't that Tim Allen is a grumpy conservative - it’s that he’s a grumpy and unfunny conservative.Last Man Standing is less a sitcom and more just an excuse for Tim Allen to be the mouthpiece of every frustrated middle-aged white man. He’s just one guy surrounded by women and that’s supposed to be hilarious. It’s not.In its six seasons, Last Man Standing tried to be All in the Family for a new generation but failed. All in the Family has Archie Bunker spouting off conservative and incredibly offensive views, but the show is structured around real laughs. Last Man Standing treats different viewpoints as jokes and leaves it there, like some boring political pie that only a very specific audience wants to eat.The best thing about The Night Shift is its extraordinarily ridiculous season 1 key art that makes it look the craziest, most pulse-pounding medical show in TV history. Unfortunately, the show itself isn’t nearly as thrilling as the promotional material would suggest. Not once during the show, for instance, does any doctor ride a motorcycle inside a hospital. (Yeah, we were disappointed too.)Instead of The Night Shift being about a maverick doctor who visits his patients on the back of revving hog, it's a paint-by-numbers medical procedural. The series desperately wants to be ER, with a refreshingly diverse cast and episodes revolving around one central medical mystery, but it’s not even close. ER had some great characters brought to life by some terrific performances. The Night Shift is filled with glorified extras who wandered off the street and one guy from Lost.The Night Shift is worth watching if you’ve consumed every episode of Grey’s Anatomy, ER, and the first few seasons of Scrubs, and you still somehow possess a biological need for more dramas set in a hospital. There is literally no other reason to watch it.Touch is not only mind-numbingly boring, it's one of those mildly offensive shows that treats autism as something akin to a superpower. Kiefer Sutherland plays a single father to an autistic son, played by future Bruce Wayne David Mazouz.Mazouz’s character can barely communicate, and he can’t deal with physical touch, but he is deeply fascinated by numbers. His father (Sutherland) is shocked to discover that his son uncovers some special number set, later known in the show as the God Sequence. The numbers essentially dole out superpowers. It’s just as stupid as it sounds.Part depressing family drama, part supernatural thriller, and 100% soulless, Touch acts as if joylessness is synonymous with high drama. The result is a TV show that is much more of a chore to get through than an emotional (or entertaining) experience.Kevin Bacon’s big return to TV after becoming a movie star, The Following, had potential in its first season. It's a cat-and-mouse game between Bacon’s Ryan Hardy and charismatic serial killer, Joe Caroll (played by James Purefoy). The Following started off atmospheric and intriguing, but it quickly devolves into something much less than the sum of its parts. The battle between Ryan and Joe rages on for far too long, and ends up making both characters look like enormous morons. The show also makes the cardinal sin of many horror properties in mistaking gruesomeness for tension. The Following is exploitative and gross, not necessarily shocking or even mildly interesting.There's something addicting about a good mystery, but The Following is neither “good” nor a “mystery.” No star power can save a story from going on too long, taking "twists" too far, and being too predictable.With a franchise as wide-spanning and voluminous as Power Rangers, there are bound to be some embarrassments. Power Rangers: Turbo is one such embarrassment. The third follow-up to Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, Turbo is a very tired and bland iteration of everyone’s favorite super-suited teens.Turbo was the last season for many of the semi-original crew of Power Rangers, and it feels that way. Turbo is a very lazy attempt to pass the torch to a new generation. It also doesn’t help that this new generation is represented by the 12-year-old new Blue Ranger, who is the poster child for annoying child actor and one of the most hated characters in franchise history.The biggest problem plaguing Turbo is that the footage of the Rangers comes from Gekisou Sentai Carranger, a Japanese series that was meant to be a parody. The original series was not meant to be taken seriously, but Turbo went for a straight-ahead adaptation, which made everything a tonal mess, even by Power Rangers standards. The storylines with the human Rangers are completely at odds with the in-suit footage lifted from Japan.And seriously, that damn Blue Ranger.She’s a mom, she’s a cop, and her series is friggin awful. This short-lived NBC procedural worked out its central premise of Debra Messing’s character, the eponymous Laura, juggling duties as a detective and a single mom, but almost nothing else. Mysteries of Laura is not only incredibly predictable, which is the last thing a show with “mysteries” in the title should be, but it's as cringeworthy as they come.Mysteries of Laura aims for a balance of comedy and drama, but often veers way into one direction or the other, with highly underwhelming results. Laura is either bickering with her ex-husband (who is also her boss) or that same ex-husband is getting shot and almost killed in a firefight. You'll want to secure your head with a pillow or two to deal with the tonal whiplash of this misfire.It’s no wonder that after Mysteries of Laura was cancelled, NBC decided to play to Messing’s strengths and revive Will & Grace. Grace is not only Debra’s best role, it’s the character she’s always been playing in some form, no matter the show.Some of the best comedies in recent years have been of the single camera variety, but there's nothing inherently wrong with the traditional multi-camera sitcom format. It just happens to breed a lot of lazy comedy - and that's certainly the case with Rules of Engagement. The show takes all the traditions of classic “hang-out” comedies like Seinfeld or Friends, but none of their charm or cleverness comes along for the ride.All the characters are deeply unlikable, not to mention unfunny. This is especially true of David Spade’s Russell Dunbar, who is meant to be a charming cad, but ends up being more of disastrous douchebag. (That's probably all on Spade, if we're being honest.) It’s hard to make a Kramer or Joey; it’s much easier to make a cheap knock-off like Russell.A cheap knock-off is the perfect way to describe Rules of Engagement itself. It looks like it could be a fun little romp, but it's off target just enough that everyone, especially the viewer, feels uncomfortable.Before The CW went all-in with having DC Comics craft almost their entire line-up, the network (and super producer Greg Berlanti) dipped their toes into the superhero waters slightly further with a remake of a British series, The Tomorrow People. Airing after Arrow, The Tomorrow People should've been a smash hit. It even had an Amell of its own, with Stephen’s cousin, Robbie, starring in a lead role. But no amount of pretty people and superpowers could save The Tomorrow People from just being a bland excuse for superhero TV.The Tomorrow People is incredibly derivative. With Berlanti’s other comic book shows, there is an effort to pay tribute to the source material, but still subvert expectations. The series was just like every other paint-by-numbers superhero origin tale - minus the charisma.Simply put, The Tomorrow People is predictable and stale. There are far better superhero shows to be found and experienced. Several of those shows (oh, hey Arrowverse!) even star the same actors as The Tomorrow People. So there is little to no reason to waste any time on this short-lived and little-loved dud.Ringer was meant to be Sarah Michelle Gellar’s triumphant return to television after essentially retiring from the medium since her days as Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Ringer definitely has Sarah Michelle Gellar in its cast, but that’s about all the good that can be said of it.Ringer is essentially a serious Parent Trap, with SMG playing two radically different twins. Of course, because Ringer is as uninspiring as can be imagined, the actress formerly known as Buffy Summers ends up having to play one twin impersonating another.Ringer would be fine if the show embraced the goofiness of its subject matterm but it never even attempts to be self-aware. Ringer is deadly serious, and it acts as if it's some edgy thriller, when it's all camp, all the time. Sarah Michelle Gellar deserved a better return to the small screen, and you deserve to never experience this bland mess of a TV show.After watching Zoo, which is not at all recommended, it's easy to conclude that the whole thing is one practical joke. It's insane on a level few can approach, and it's so bad that it's almost a masterpiece. Make no mistake however, Zoo is objectively the worst show in Netflix’s library, despite how delightfully bonkers it might be at times.Zoo begins with a series of violent animal attacks across the world and then promptly descends into madness. The events of the series almost defy explanation. Birds organize to drop acid rain on an innocent populace. Animals evolve to such an absurd degree that human become an endangered species. Most insanely, though, Zoo sees its main character slap a general in the face asking him about the whereabouts of a sloth.Nothing about this show makes sense, and it's even unclear how the audience is supposed to take everything happening. The events are next-level bonkers, but the tone is one of straight-ahead seriousness. Zoo is The Walking Dead if Rick Grimes was fighting primates who create literal earthquakes. This is not something that should exist or be experienced.Do you agree? What is the worst show you've watched on Netflix? Sound off in the comments!
Tags:
netflix
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
If you're on an intergalactic alien council, and if test Earth's worthiness by bequeathing godlike power to one member of humanity selected at random, you could do worse than picking a benign Simon Pegg character. Granted, you could also do better. You could give that power to career good guys like, say, George Clooney, or Matt Damon, or perhaps Paul Rudd.But if Absolutely Anything blessed anyone other than Pegg with omnipotence, it probably wouldn't be a very interesting movie. Pegg has made his bones playing flawed people, from Shaun of the Dead to The World's End, but the nice guy attitude he brings from one project to the next is key. He tends toward playing screw-ups, but they're lovable screw-ups.So he's a strong lead for the latest film by Monty Python troupe member Terry Jones. In Absolutely Anything, Pegg plays sad-sack teacher Neil, who is granted the ability to do - you guessed it - anything by a cabal of aliens (voiced by Jones and his fellow Pythons, Eric Idle, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, and Michael Palin) to gauge Earth's moral fortitude. If Neil uses their gift for good, Earth survives, but if he uses it for evil the planet perishes.Stakes are high, so naturally Neil goofs off and spies on his gorgeous neighbor (Kate Beckinsale), gives himself a hot bod, and makes his dog talk. (The dog, Dennis, is voiced by the late Robin Williams in one of his final roles.)Absolutely Anything's trailer has a sense of familiarity (there's a distinct Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy vibe to the footage) and feels predictable, but there's a promise of zany charm here to go along with the terrific cast. If it looks derivative, it feels no less watchable.Absolutely Anything arrives in theaters August 14th, 2015.
Tags:
absolutely anything
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Talk about beating a dead horse (or is that milking a dead cow?)... The rumor (one can only hope this is a rumor) is that Jurassic Park 4 is moving forward and that in this sequel the government will train the dinosaurs to use weapons.(pause for awkward silence)I kid you not, at least accoring to Bloody-Disgusting.com. They also said that Laura Dern will be back but that Sam Neill won't (good call, Sam).I guess that a velociraptor or a T-Rex just isn't dangerous enough on it's own.Why doesn't an idea like this sound as dumb to the person who approves it to move forward as it does to the rest of us?Yeesh.Source: Bloody Disgusting
Tags:
jurassic world
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Despite drawing a sizable viewing audience Sunday, the 83rd Academy Awards ceremony ultimately fell short of a major production goal - to top last year's ratings. During its 3-hour presentation marked by few Oscar upsets and a largely predictable slate of winners and losers, the Oscars drew an audience of 37.6 million viewers. Year over year, however, the broadcast fell a substantial 9% in total viewership and another 12% in the critical 18-49 demo. In this regard, the inclusion of youthful hosts Anne Hathaway and James Franco, ironically, did not manage to curb the dreaded loss of younger viewers.For the night, ABC still finished first among its network rivals, besting Fox, CBS and NBC respectively. As per Oscar night tradition, the predictable bonanza of other-network repeats failed to make a dent in the 83rd Academy Awards. To that end, it was during the live telecast Sunday that the ABC Television President announced a contract extension to carry the annual Academy Awards presentations for six additional years through 2020 - a welcome announcement for the network, assuming that James Franco and Anne Hathaway won't return as hosts during the next decade.On Monday morning, no shortage of television critics took aim at Oscar hosts Franco and Hathaway, although the harshest critiques were certainly directed toward Franco and his subdued, sleepy demeanor. A plethora of entertainment reporters and television critics concur that while youngsters Hathaway, 28, and Franco, 32, may have delivered youth, they also delivered a lackluster hosting effort, particularly when compared to last year's performance by considerably older hosts Steve Martin, 65, and Alec Baldwin, 52.Even Kirk Douglas' long-winded, rambling, but still hilarious rant leading up to the presentation of the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress is considered by many to have been exponentially more entertaining than virtually all the comedic fodder pitched to the audience by hosts Hathaway and Franco.Notwithstanding the widely perceived sub-par performance by the show's masters of ceremony, it could also be observed that Sunday's Oscar ratings slump could be a function of this year's ceremony lacking the mainstream blockbuster power of last year's award show presentation, which was dominated by the likes of Avatar. Excuses aside, the jabs continue to fly and they're landing squarely upon the shoulders of this year's less-than-dynamic hosting duo. According to many, Sunday's presentation of the 83rd Academy Awards could go down as one of the worst Oscar telecasts in history.Source: Broadcasting and Cable and The Hollywood Reporter
Tags:
oscars
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Since 2001, the Oscars have done their best to honor outstanding achievements in the field of animation. Sometimes, they get it right, having honored such animated classics as Miyazaki's Spirited Away and Pixar's Up. Other times, however, the rightful winners are left on the sidelines in favor of more mainstream favorites such as Frozen. Or in some cases, like The Lego Movie, the films that likely deserved the win are left unacknowledged entirely, without even so much as a nomination.Even in 2016, a year rife with amazing animated achievements like Kubo and Moana, the record-breaking anime Your Name was left off of the nominations list, as was Pixar's own Finding Dory. Be it through ignorance, or just making a simple wrong choice, the Academy's history of forgetting the proper animated films to acknowledge is well documented, stretching all the way back to the first year the award was introduced. So without further ado, here is a list of some of the best animated films that didn't get their due.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAfter Pixar's success in returning to the Toy Story and Monster's Inc. franchises, fans were rightfully excited about Finding Dory. A sequel to the 14-year-old classic, Finding Nemo, Dory was met with universal acclaim from fans and critics alike upon its release, and it seemed like an immediate shoe-in for a best animated feature nomination. The Academy must have forgotten this when the time to nominate came around. While contemporaries like Moana and Kubo and the Two Strings got their rightful places on the list, poor Dory was left out in the cold.The overall list is completely solid, as it included the beloved Zootopia as well as Studio Ghibli's Red Turtle, so it's kind of hard to make the argument that the list is lacking. But that doesn't stop Finding Dory's exclusion from feeling like anything less than a snub, as it failed to acknowledge Pixar's unmitigated success in the near-impossible feat of making a long-belated sequel that is just as good as the classic that came before it.Admittedly, this is a hard one to make a case for winning the Oscar in the face of its stiff competition, especially when you consider the sheer brilliance of the film that took the Academy Awards' top animated prize in 2002, the legendary Spirited Away. But in the face of other nominees that year, including the middling Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron, and the forgettable Ice Age, Studio Ghibli's other animated creation that year deserved way more love than it got.While not directed by Miyazaki himself, The Cat Returns stands as one of Studio Ghibli's very best films, encapsulating the same sense of wonder and whimsey that has made so many of the studio's works into instant classics. The lack of a nomination could be due to the US's general unfamiliarity with anime that was changed that very year with Ghibli's Spirited Away, and the film's very limited release in the States probably didn't help much. Still, if the Academy knew then how well this film would hold up compared to something like Ice Age, we're sure they would have nominated it there on the spot.2012 wasn't a great year when it came to animated films, leaving the Academy with very little to work with in the way of nominations and awards to give out. Looking back, however, there is one film that seems to tower above the others, and it strangely didn't win.Wreck-it Ralph is considered to be, by many, one of the best recent Disney releases, and it's a film that many still talk about. The problem with it not winning is that in 2012, Pixar's Brave took home the top honors for animated film. Don't get us wrong, Brave is a good film that tells a worthwhile tale. But it pales in comparison to some of the other classics that Pixar has produced, and it often falls by the wayside anytime someone brings up their favorite films by the studio. It even has a significantly lower Rotten Tomatoes score, sitting at a 78% compared to Wreck-it Ralph's 86%, so how anyone can say critics liked it better is beyond our understanding.Cars is a contentious franchise in the pantheon of Pixar. Yet, while almost anyone can tell you the series lost its way with the second entry, even the most staunch critics cannot deny that the first film can be counted among Pixar's best.Why then, did Happy Feet win the animated Oscar in 2005? Sure, Warner Bros.' penguin extravaganza sported fantastic animation, as well as a talented cast that included Robin Williams and Elijah Wood. But it still lacked the superior storytelling and humor that Pixar hit upon so well in Cars. Cars might not have the most original story, but its characters are up there with Buzz Lightyear and Woody when it comes to staying power.Since 2005, the Happy Feet series has languished into obscurity, while Cars is looking forward to a resurgence in the anticipated Cars 3. If Pixar is able to work their usual magic following the myriad of missteps that Cars 2 endured, then perhaps the franchise will finally get its Oscar.The Polar Express is by no means the best animated film that came out in 2004. Contrasted with Pixar's The Incredibles and Dreamwork's Shrek 2, it is an above average film at best. With that in mind, it was still an incredibly innovative adventure that took advantage of some of the best motion-capture technology of the time, and it sported a memorable performance by the always charming Tom Hanks. In spite of these achievements, the film wasn't even given an Oscar nod.There are of course a few select years where the animated category is simply too loaded to account for all the award-worthy films released in the last 12 months (ie: the upcoming 2017 ceremony). That isn't the case for The Polar Express. While Shrek 2 and The Incredibles are understandable nominations and great films in their own right, the final nod went to the underwhelming Shark Tale, which many felt was an inferior answer to Pixar's Finding Nemo. Even the critical reception was notably lower, falling to a 35% on Rotten Tomatoes compared to Polar Express's 55%. With a nominee like Shark Tale on the list, it's hard to see why a flawed yet groundbreaking film like Polar Express went unnoticed.A recurring theme on our list, here we have another case of a film not receiving its due glory while an inferior animated effort is inexplicably allowed to steal the spotlight. While it was the phenomenal Wall-E that notched a well-deserved Oscar win in 2008, Madagascar 2 was snubbed of a nomination. We aren't necessarily upset about it being edged out by the well-received franchise starter, Kung Fu Panda, but the completely unremarkable Bolt? That's where we start scratching our heads.The first Madagascar wasn't the hottest thing with critics and audiences, so it was a genuine surprise when the second entry came around and improved on almost every aspect of the first film. Bolt may have faired pretty well with critics, but it's a forgettable film that serves as a minor footnote in Disney's animation stable. It was a good slice of family fun for the time, but nothing about it was particularly noteworthy. Improving on a middling film in the animation industry is not an easy thing to do, and for that, Madagascar 2 deserves a little more credit.Frozen was a worldwide phenomenon when it released in November of 2013. Based solely on its immediate impact on pop culture and box office performance, it was all but guaranteed the Oscar for best animated film. That doesn't mean it was necessarily well deserved, though -- not by a longshot.In our eyes, the true winner should have been The Wind Rises. One of the best films in Studio Ghibli's long history, and a beautiful swan song for master filmmaker Hayao Miyazaki's career, it's a stunning journey into the power of imagination, set against the backdrop of WWII. With Ghibli at the top of their animation game, and bolstered by a strong English voice cast, it's a film that will hold up for years to come. Were it not for the bizarre phenomenon that Frozen became, The Wind Rises most likely would (and very much should) have taken home 2014's Oscar for Best Animated Feature.The very first Academy Award for Best Animated Feature went to Shrek in 2001. Make no mistake, Shrek is a great film, and rightfully solidified Dreamworks Animation as a premier animation studio that could hold their own against Pixar, a feat that was previously unheard of. On the other hand, we don't think that Shrek was the best the animated world had to offer in 2001. In our oh so humble opinion, the film that actually deserved the honor is Pixar's own Monster's Inc.Coming hot off of Toy Story 2, moviegoers were eager to see what Pixar could accomplish outside of their premier series, and neither critics nor fans went home disappointed. Monster's Inc. proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that Pixar was a studio talented in creating rich, colorful universes full of life and imagination, and it also helped set the stage for other classic Pixar originals like Wall-E and Ratatouille. For what it's worth, the majority of critics seemed to prefer Monster's Inc, with its Rotten Tomatoes score sitting at a whopping 96%, compared to Shrek's respectable (yet, you know, lower) 88%.Atlantis is a film with a long-standing legacy of being underrated. It may actually be its biggest claim to fame. While the Michael J. Fox-starring adventure opened to polarizing reviews at the time, it has since become known as one of Disney's better modern films. It's tough to really make the argument that it should have one over Shrek (or the previous entry on our list, for that matter), but it's unforgivable that it wasn't even nominated, especially in the face of its competition.While Pixar's Monster's Inc. deservedly garnered a nomination, the other film nominated for Best Animated Feature in 2001 was Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius. A big screen adaptation of the Nickelodeon cartoon, it may have had fairly positive reviews from critics at the time, but in hindsight, it suffers from below average animation and shallow humor. It's easy to see that Atlantis deserved at least a nomination all these years later, but it's a shame that it wasn't even nominated at the time for its striking hand drawn art and accomplished story.The next two entries on this list have precisely two things in common: both are more innovative films than Big Hero 6, and both of them lost the Best Animated Feature Oscar to Big Hero 6. The first film, The Tale of the Princess Kaguya, was almost universally hailed as one of the best animated efforts of 2014, and it currently sports a perfect 100% positive critical rating on Rotten Tomatoes. This Studio Ghibli film (are you sensing a pattern here? They make amazing movies, guys) seemed to have everything going for it. It was directed by the studio's cofounder, Isao Takahata -- who also directed the anime classic Grave of the Fireflies -- and it benefitted from a talented voice cast that included James Caan and Chloe Grace Moretz. It even sported a new, watercolor art style that broke away from the studio's signature look. Still, for all the accolades it deservedly received, it was snubbed in favor of the mainstream popularity of Big Hero 6.The second big animated film of 2014 to lose to Big Hero 6, The Boxtrolls may not have had the Studio Ghibli pedigree that Princess Kaguya had, but it is still an impeccably crafted film that deserved the Best Animated Feature Oscar far more than Big Hero 6.An adaptation of the children's novel Here Be Monsters!, The Boxtrolls was the third film from Laika Studios. The talented minds behind films like ParaNorman and Coraline, Laika Studios' stop-motion work has been lauded as some of the best in animation, and that polish was on full display in The Boxtrolls. Sadly, while the film was generally well received, the Marvel/Disney duo of Big Hero 6 proved far more popular, and it ended up overshadowing the decidedly superior film. Hopefully, their latest film, Kubo and the Two Strings, will get it's due at the 2017 Oscars, and take home an honor that is far overdue for this highly underrated studio.When film fanatics talk about Studio Ghibli's most memorable films, Howl's Moving Castle is always near the top of the list. The imaginative tale of a girl who takes refuge in the mobile castle of a flamboyant wizard, it proved to be a worthy successor to Miyazaki's own Spirited Away. Despite its critical acclaim, it ended up losing to an inferior film.Look, Wallace and Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit is a great stop-motion comedy; we're not saying otherwise. It even sports a higher Rotten Tomatoes rating than Howl's Moving Castle, with a 95% opposed to the latter film's score of 87%. But the test of time reveals all truths, and in comparison to one of Studio Ghibli's absolute classics, Wallace and Gromit simply falls a bit short. It's somewhat understandable that in 2005, the Academy might have still been grasping with how best to honor outstanding achievement in animation. Here's hoping they've learned their lesson.When Persepolis came out in 2007, it was unlike anything that had been nominated for an Oscar up to that point. A dramatic retelling of the autobiographic account of an Iranian girl during the Islamic Revolution, it was a groundbreaking foreign film that tackled serious subject matter in animation in a way Pixar and Dreamworks never could.Which makes it all the more unfortunate that it lost to Ratatouille. A great film by any estimation, it might have had sharper visuals and a better cast than Persepolis, but few could argue that it has a more important message lying underneath it all. Ratatouille was yet another shining example of Pixar's talent for endearing characters and deep storytelling, but it wasn't fresh in the ways Persepolis was.The competition was really only between Ratatouille and Persepolis that year, as the only other nomination went to the trite surfing penguin film, Surf's Up. Sadly, outside of a well-deserved nomination, Persepolis went mostly unacknowledged by Western audiences, and to this day, it remains an unseen gem in most circles.An egregious example of the Academy not understanding the cultural significance of a film created outside of the West, Your Name was inexplicably snubbed across the board, not even managing to rack up a nomination in the 2016 category of Best Animated Feature.The romantic anime made huge waves during its theatrical run in Japan, becoming the first non-Miyazaki-directed anime to earn more than $100 million at the box office. After remaining at the top of the box office charts for a record twelve weeks, the film has now managed to earn over $330 million worldwide. Overseas, it has been nothing less than a phenomenon, and it's every bit as deserving of a nomination as any Western animated film from this past year.Appropriately, the critical response has been overwhelmingly positive, with a 97% fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 37 reviews. Even without a proper Western theatrical release (though one is planned for April of this year), it feels like a snub for such a record breaking film to not even be nominated in the Best Animated Feature category for 2016.Facts are facts: this film will go down in history as the one that should have taken the Oscar's top animated prize in a landslide. And yet, somehow, the Academy found a way to pass it over entirely, without so much as a nomination. When The Lego Movie hit in 2014, it took the box office by storm, receiving overwhelmingly positive critical reviews and praise for its engaging story, top notch humor, and striking animation. So when the nominees for Best Animated Feature were announced later in the year, people were understandably shocked that The Lego Movie wasn't even mentioned among the year's best. Some of the nominees included the inferior Song of the Sea, How to Train Your Dragon 2, and eventual winner Big Hero 6. While all of these flicks are fine films in their own right, none of them reach the heights of The Lego Movie, a movie that took a good long look at all the expectations anyone had for it and promptly blew them out of the water.If the makers of The Lego Movie can work the same magic for the announced sequel, we have to imagine that the Academy will be willing to give them the recognition they deserve. There's no way they can drop such an easily catchable ball twice, right?--What other animated films were snubbed by the Oscars? Let your voice be heard in the comments.
Tags:
oscars
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Oscars, the yearly award ceremony where The Academy of Motion Picture Arts And Sciences spotlights the best and brightest of Hollywood, has been plagued for years by complaints that it is out of touch with audiences and the changing landscape of the cinematic world. The lack of diversity among AMPAAS members in terms of background, ethnicity and age (an increasing majority tend to be older white actors, many of whom no longer work regularly in the industry) has been blamed for many of The Oscar's alleged shortcomings, including a seeming disregard for comedic performances and a perceived bias against horror, science-fiction, fantasy, superheroes, stories focused on marginalized communities and other genres widely-beloved by an increasingly diverse global audience but ignored by The Academy.The controversy reached a breaking-point this year, with institutional Academy bias blamed for a lack of diversity in nominations viewed as so egregious that it gave rise to the #OscarsSoWhite social media protest calls for a boycott of the ceremony by many industry professionals.But change could soon be on the way: Following an "emergency meeting" on Thursday, January 22, The Academy has announced a series of sweeping changes to its leadership and membership rules aimed at correcting the situation by radically overhauling the current composition of eligible voters.Starting later in 2016, the active membership term of new Academy members will last for a period of only ten years, renewable only so long as a member has stayed active in the film industry during that same decade; with lifetime voting-rights awarded only after three consecutive terms or if the member wins an Academy Award themselves. Members not qualifying for active status will instead become "emeritus" members, retaining all membership rights excluding the ability to vote in the Oscars - and these changes will be applied retroactively to current members whose terms fall within those same parameters. In addition, The Academy will forego its traditional sponsored membership-nomination process in favor of an "ambitious, global campaign" to recruit new members from diverse backgrounds. Three new seats will also be added to AMPAAS board of directors as part of the same initiative.Though accusations that The Academy routinely ignores the contributions of African-Americans, female filmmakers and other marginalized groups has long persisted, the high-profile snubs of critical and box-office hits like Straight Outta Compton and Creed (which did snag one Supporting Actor nomination - for Sylvester Stallone) led to a greater than usual focus from the mainstream entertainment press. In a statement, Academy president Cheryl Boone Isaacs said:“The Academy is going to lead and not wait for the industry to catch up. These new measures regarding governance and voting will have an immediate impact and begin the process of significantly changing our membership composition.”In a separate meeting the same day, Academy representatives also met with officials from the ABC television network (which is schedule to broadcast the ceremony) and representatives for comedian Chris Rock in order to reaffirm Rock's prior commitment to hosting the event. As part of the call for boycott, many had suggested that Rock might (or should) step down as host in protest, though Rock himself had made no statement on the matter up to this point. Many major Hollywood players such as Jada Pinkett-Smith, Will Smith and director Spike Lee had previously stated that they will be skipping the ceremony in solidarity with boycott activists.The 2016 Academy Awards ceremony will be broadcast live on ABC Sunday, February 28, 2016.Source: Variety
Tags:
oscars
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Ah, the Oscars. It’s the one time a year when even the guy who only saw Rouge One this year starts to form an opinion on who, exactly, deserves that little gold statue. What is it about this particular award show that turns even the most level-headed of film lovers into the kind of impassioned fan we typically see trolling college football games by painting their exposed belly with some sort of sports propaganda? Whatever the answer, there’s no denying that half of the fun of the awards show is the debate that unfolds at the same time that the seal of the envelope containing the name of each winner is broken.As easy as it is to mock the absurdity of the show’s grandeur, there is something about the inherent prestige of the Academy Awards that makes it impossible to not get wrapped up into it. That’s especially true as it concerns Oscar snubs. There’s nothing more frustrating than to watch another deserving candidate get completely ignored at the biggest awards show of the year. Inevitably, the 2017 Oscars will be no different. In fact, there’s a good chance we can already predict a few names that will not get the nomination they have coming to them.Here are the 15 Oscar Nominations That Should Happen (But Won't).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewTruth be told, the Academy usually does a fine job of locating the best documentaries in a given year and ensuring they receive the proper attention. There aren’t many Best Documentary Feature winners that didn’t deserve the acclaim. That being said, this year’s list of potential candidates is as stacked as the field has ever been. Some great documentary is going to get the shaft when a sole winner is declared and, even worse, some documentaries are not going to have their name called out at all.Based on the results of recent industry award shows, it’s beginning to feel like Craig Atkinson’s Do Not Resist is going to be among the snubbed. This documentary about the militarization of police in America is as well-made as it is timely. If the mark of a good documentary is its ability to turn the camera on a particular part of the world and let the events do the talking, then Do Not Resist is truly the most notable entrant into the genre released this year.Technically, the word original as it relates to the context of this award refers to a screenplay that was not derived from some kind of pre-existing material. However, in previous years, the award does seem to be the one portion of the Academy Awards show which recognizes genuine originality. The award is a chance for film writers hoping to dispel the myth that there are no more original ideas left to take a bow. In that spirit, a nomination should go to Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert’s screenplay for Swiss Army Man.Swiss Army Man isn’t quite a “love it or hate it” movie; it’s more of an “I really hate that or I think I liked that even though I have no idea what just happened” movie. This story of a marooned man who uses a found corpse with a bad case of flatulence as both a tool and a companion is the very definition of original as it relates to uniqueness. You never know quite what to think of this strange little experiment, but you can’t deny that it is brilliant in its own right. We doubt the Academy will agree enough with us to give it a nod.You might think that Sausage Party is a pretty stupid film. Don’t be ashamed if that’s the case. It is a very stupid film. It’s a very stupid film about a seemingly shallow concept involving sentient food items that begin to realize the nature of their existence. In essence, it’s a parody of what some people typically think of when they think of Pixar and Dreamworks films. (Well, really, it's a send-up of belief and religion, but you catch our drift.) It's all pulled off in an insanely profane and offensive way, and while that may not sound like the type of flick that's deserving of such a prestigious acknowledgment, you have to realize exactly how difficult a proper modern film parody truly is.At a time when film parodies typically consist of rapid fire vague retoolings of popular movie scenes, Sausage Party reminds us that an effective comedic skewering must have respect for the source material it's attacking. Yes, this movie contains more sexual innuendo jokes about hot dogs and buns than you can shake a carrot at, but mixed among them are some fairly impressive musings on life and theology. It's an R-rated Pixar movie in the best way.While Stranger Things garnered most of the attention this year from fans who love throwbacks to the era of ‘80s sci-fi films, director Jeff Nichols’ Midnight Special is arguably 2016’s greatest entrant into that particular sub-genre. Whereas Stranger Things functioned best as a nostalgia-fueled trip to yesteryear, Midnight Special is a more substantial attempt to contribute to the genre with something that feels both pleasantly familiar and refreshingly modern. It’s a brilliant work that invokes names like Close Encounters of the Third Kind and E.T., but never feels derivative.Among its many shocking qualities is the performance of Kirsten Dunst. While anyone that has seen Dunst’s indie work will know she’s more than that gal who used to play Mary Jane Watson, the way that she so fully develops the character of Sarah Tomlin (a mother reunited with her son under bizarre circumstances) in such short time is truly a marvel. It’s a difficult role that she makes memorable through sheer force of will.It’s hard to think of Molly Shannon as anything other than one of the over-the-top characters she portrayed on SNL once upon a time. While dramatic turns from comedic actors are certainly not out of the norm, Shannon rarely exhibited any qualities which typically suggest that she had a truly powerhouse dramatic performance in her. While Other People, the story of a writer who returns home to spend time with his dying mother, is a kick in the gut based on the subject matter alone, it’s Molly Shannon’s performance as the dying matriarch that makes it so special.It’s truly amazing how Shannon is able to use her comedic background as the foundation for such a tragic character. She often relies on dark humor throughout the film as a coping mechanism, and, in the process, creates one of the most accurate characters of this design in modern film history. Sadly, Other People never seemed to get the awards push that it deserves.Green Room is one of those movies that you should go into without any expectations or prior knowledge. If you haven’t yet seen one of the year’s most exciting films, be sure to stop here and rectify that immediately. For those who have seen it, you’ll know that Green Room is a film all about escalation. Things develop at a frightening pace that leaves you no time for adjustment. No matter what shocking thing occurs next, though, the one surprise that people can’t stop talking about is how good of a villain Patrick Stewart is.The infinitely loveable Stewart could have gone full-on snarling evil to get across his villainous ways in Green Room, but he instead chose to play a wonderfully restrained overseer who is terrifyingly in control of a very bad situation. In a movie that leaves you desperate for a measure of sanity, it’s all too easy to be drawn to the magnetic Stewart, despite the fact that his malicious intentions involve the sum of all audience fears. It’s not entirely clear why he hasn’t received more nominations this award season.10 Cloverfield Lane is one of the biggest victims of mismanaged marketing in recent memory. Originally greenlighted as a project called The Cellar, the film’s fate changed during development when someone realized that the movie shared certain spiritual similarities with JJ Abrams’ Cloverfield. Those who rightfully felt that Cloverfield didn’t need a sequel avoided the movie. Those that took a chance on the project were rewarded with a wonderfully subtle sci-fi horror film that plays off of paranoia and claustrophobia. They also got the chance to revel in one of John Goodman’s best performances in years.Goodman isn’t the lone highlight of the film, but it’s impossible to imagine this movie working as well as it does without Goodman serving as either the craziest man on the planet or its last true survivor, based on your interpretation of the proceedings. This is typically the kind of dynamic showcase that the Academy Awards would love, but it seems that 10 Cloverfield Lane’s genre and iffy ending could end up keeping Goodman from receiving some well-deserved Oscar buzz.The story of how Sasha Lane came to star in American Honey is one of those “only in Hollywood” tales that most people assumed would never happen in the modern day. While partying on a beach in Florida, the 19-year old was approached by filmmaker Andrea Arnold and asked to serve as a last-minute replacement for her lead actress in an upcoming movie. Lane accepted the bizarre offer despite having no acting experience whatsoever. We often hear directors talk about the sincerity untrained actors bring to a movie, but we’ve almost never seen a newcomer so completely dominate every scene the way that Lane does in this film.American Honey is the kind of complicated road movie about a down and out generation that used to define the ‘60s. If Lane comes across as the ultimate wanderer without purpose or a need for it, that’s because that was pretty much her life prior to taking the role. It’s doubtful that she will earn such a prestigious nomination under the circumstances, but she certainly deserves one.Hello, My Name is Doris is not a movie that necessarily grabs you from the outset. It’s the kind of film you might casually scroll past while viewing in-flight entertainment options. The hook of the film should have been the compelling performance of Sally Field, but it’s hard to really showcase everything that she does in this movie without diving into spoiler territory. In order to avoid such a thing, let’s just say that Field’s portrayal of the kind of quirky character you might find as part of a workplace comedy ensemble eventually becomes something greater.Even when you view Field’s character as simply an older woman desperately lusting for a younger man, it’s hard not to appreciate the sincerity she brings to the role. That isn’t the type of character that typically serves as the star of a semi-major film and, while the role eventually becomes much more than that, Field’s ability to make the role so compelling should not go unappreciated. Unfortunately, it likely will come awards season.If you feel like young Adam Driver is currently enjoying the kind of career hot streak that only come along once in a great while, that’s because he is. Those who saw Driver’s early work recognized that the actor was bursting with talent, but it seemed as if he was waiting to find that one great role or that one great project that put him over the top. He’s enjoyed several such opportunities recently, but the one that stood out most this year is actually the one that seems to be getting the least publicity.In Paterson, Driver plays a poet who spends his days working as a bus driver. The everyday genius is a character we’ve seen time and time again in movies, but Driver manages to freshen up the role by incorporating an understated child-like quality. His character isn’t angry at the world or waiting for his break; he’s an uncertain artist who can’t make eye contact when he’s being praised. Driver is simply tremendous here.Feel-good sports movies tend to fall into one of two categories. They’re either “This is the sappiest thing I’ve seen outside that sugar maple tree in my childhood yard” bad, or “I’m not crying, I’m bawling” good. Eddie the Eagle gravitates towards the latter category, which is surprising when you consider how hammy the movie is. The one thing that makes it a genuine feel-good tearjerker is the performance of Taron Egerton.Egerton completely disappears into the role of Eddie “The Eagle” Edwards, a real-life athlete whose dream of participating in the Olympics greatly exceeds his actual abilities. Egerton’s ability to make you smile proves to be his greatest asset, as it makes it that much more difficult to endure the pain of every setback his character must endure. Say what you will about the quality of the film’s writing or the sometimes hokey nature of the proceedings (artistic knocks which will likely keep this movie off the Academy’s radar), but it’s impossible to deny the way that Egerton’s performance so easily invades your heart and makes you feel invincible.Without reigniting the fire completely, let’s just reiterate that Mel Gibson got into some serious trouble several years ago that seemingly ensured that he would be forever blacklisted from major acting and filmmaking opportunities. That may have changed in 2016 when Gibson formally debuted his WWII film, Hacksaw Ridge. The story of the first American soldier to receive the Medal of Honor without having fired a shot, Hacksaw Ridge is Gibson’s first directorial effort in a decade. It’s the kind of gut-wrenching blockbuster that Gibson needed to remind everyone just why it is that he was once considered to be one of America’s premiere directors.The argument against Gibson receiving a nomination for his efforts is two-fold. The first has to do with that previous controversy that ensures Gibson is a four-letter word in certain circles to this day. His antics upset a lot of people, and it’s difficult to imagine that they will all be ready to forgive him so easily come award season. There’s also the matter of the film itself, which is the kind of harrowing theatrical experience that isn’t always recognized by the Academy. Still, Hacksaw Ridge was a remarkable accomplishment, and star Andrew Garfield shouldn't be the only one getting credit for it.It’s tempting to assign The Nice Guys one of several labels when relaying its brilliance to someone that hasn’t yet seen it. You can call it a tribute to the buddy cop genre, which makes sense given its dual-lead billing. You can call it retro noir, which again does seem to fit its time period and story structure. There are a lot of ways to make The Nice Guys easily digestible, but none of them really summarizes the brilliance of this understated comedy that's almost completely devoid of cheap laughs.Shane Black’s greatest directorial effort since Kiss Kiss Bang Bang harkens back to his work on the Lethal Weapon franchise. While it was no doubt tempting for Black to rely upon several of the genre conventions he helped to establish through his contributions to that series, The Nice Guys proves to be a refreshingly original tribute to the virtues of a particular style of filmmaking that has fallen out of favor. This is an intimately arranged action comedy that relies on underlying intelligence to captivate its audience. It's deserving of far more love than it ever got at the box office, but we're doubtful that the Academy will rise to the occasion.Despite popular sentiments which suggest the contrary, the Academy does sometimes recognize great contributions to the horror genre. It’s just that they happen to have a dismal track record when it comes to properly acknowledging that the goals of that genre of filmmaking are often different from more traditional “Oscar-worthy” films. This historical horror prejudice is part of what makes The Witch such a controversial candidate for the most famous award in filmmaking.From a purely technical perspective, it is impossible to deny the brilliance of The Witch. Shot in a style that invokes memories of The Revenant, director Robbert Eggers’ look at a 17th-century family haunted by forces they can’t comprehend will almost assuredly snag a nomination for cinematography. Yet, it feels like the movie deserves so much more. This is the rare breed of horror film designed to invoke a constant sense of dread rather than a series of scares. It's a character piece that just so happens to have a supernatural core. The patient viewer will easily sink into its atmospheric web of terror and intrigue.Stop. Before you snap to register an emotional judgment based on the headline suggestion that a superhero flick packing more immature humor than a middle school detention hall should be honored with such a prestigious acknowledgment, consider a few points. First off, the modern Academy Awards recognize eight movies a year that they feel stand out from the rest. In recent years, that expanded field has afforded a few fringe candidates the opportunity to win an award they would have never had a shot at in years past. As such, a “genre” film like Deadpool being nominated isn’t quite as out of the question as it once might have been.Quite honestly, the movie deserves it on the same basis of merit that has inspired the Academy to make certain nominations in years past. Deadpool is a near-perfect film interpretation of a literary character. Put aside all the intangibles, and consider just that quality for a moment. This movie was made by an incredibly passionate group of talented individuals who set out with a very specific goal in mind and accomplished it, despite an endless series of seemingly insurmountable obstacles. Sure, it’s a bit of a rebel, but since when does Hollywood hate a rebel?---Which standout films and performers do you think will fly under the Academy's radar? Sound off in the comments.
Tags:
oscars
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Matthew McConaughey has been in the industry for a while now, but has really made his presence known in the public consciousness as an Oscar-caliber actor within the last five years or so; the dawn of the “McConaissance” so to speak. Now at the pinnacle of hiscareer, the 46 year old actor has been courted by both Marvel Studios as well as DC/Warner Bros. to play roles in their superhero genre films. Matthew McConaughey has been in the industry for a while now, but has really made his presence known in the public consciousness as an Oscar-caliber actor within the last five years or so; the dawn of the “McConaissance” so to speak. Now at the pinnacle of hiscareer, the 46 year old actor has been courted by both Marvel Studios as well as DC/Warner Bros. to play roles in their superhero genre films. When asked about the likelihood of signing onto such films, McConaughey stated that it all comes down to the script and the character. Admittedly, the highly sought after talent has claimed that he would be open to an opportunity if one came along that sounded appealing enough. When asked about the likelihood of signing onto such films, McConaughey stated that it all comes down to the script and the character. Admittedly, the highly sought after talent has claimed that he would be open to an opportunity if one came along that sounded appealing enough. At the end of the day, it's just as important to find the right fit between character and actor as it is to add talent, and McConaughey has proven to be a quality supporting character – his role as Mark Hanna in The Wolf of Wall Street – as well as an excellent lead; his performances in films such as Mud, Interstellar, and Dallas Buyers Club prove as much. We think he has the gravitas to take on a number of roles in the DCEU, and it could be great to see him playing a villain for a change.At the end of the day, it's just as important to find the right fit between character and actor as it is to add talent, and McConaughey has proven to be a quality supporting character – his role as Mark Hanna in The Wolf of Wall Street – as well as an excellent lead; his performances in films such as Mud, Interstellar, and Dallas Buyers Club prove as much. We think he has the gravitas to take on a number of roles in the DCEU, and it could be great to see him playing a villain for a change.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has announced it has expelled both Bill Cosby and Roman Polanski. Cosby was convicted April 26h of aggravated indecent assault amid a flurry of other sexual assault allegations. Polanski's ouster is a bit more surprising, though long overdue in the eyes of many; Polanski pleaded guilty to charges related to having a sexual relationship with a minor in the 1970s before fleeing the country to avoid jail time.It's rare for the Academy to expel members, but in the wake of the Me Too movement that gained momentum when the Harvey Weinstein scandal broke, the organization has taken steps to more directly address the conduct of its members. Weinstein himself was expelled in October, and it seemed unlikely he'd be the last.Per Deadline, the Academy voted on Tuesday to expel both Cosby and Polanski in their continued efforts to hold the personal conduct of their members to a higher standard. Bill Cosby has been a household name since the 1960s for his standup work and was catapulted to superstardom as the creator and star of the '80s sitcom The Cosby Show. There had been whispers about Cosby's alleged misconduct going back over a decade, but the floodgates opened, strangely, when comedian Hannibal Burress addressed the allegations in a standup set in 2014. Dozens of women have come forward with similar stories of Cosby drugging and raping them going back decades. Cosby was convicted of assaulting Andrea Constand in 2004 and is currently awaiting sentencing; he faces up to 30 years in prison.While the provocation for Cosby's expulsion is both recent and obvious, Polanski has been an ongoing lightning rod in the film industry for decades. Following his guilty plea, Polanski fled to France where he's lived in exile ever since. He has still worked regularly with many of Hollywood's A-list talent, even winning the Academy Award for Best Director in 2002 for The Pianist. More than Cosby, Polanski's expulsion suggests the Academy might be willing to grapple with its past mistakes in a surprisingly blunt way.It remains to be seen if other recently disgraced members of the Academy could suffer the same fate. The most high profile question mark at this point is likely two time Oscar winner Kevin Spacey, who was booted from the last season of House of Cards and cut out of All The Money In The World amid a wave of allegations of sexual misconduct that began with Star Trek: Discovery star Anthony Rapp, who accused Spacey of sexually assaulting him when he was a minor.It can be difficult to read the endless stream of horror stories coming out of the entertainment industry, but it's a necessary exorcism to make the future safer for everyone involved. Dumping the likes of Polanski and Cosby from the Academy may be largely symbolic, but it's another signal that Hollywood is serious about cleaning up its act.More: Hollywood’s Sexual Assault Scandals Create an Oscars DilemmaSource: DeadlineSubscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
According to a recent report, Academy members have said that they wouldn’t be surprised if the Oscars Popular Filmcategory gets scrapped completely. In early August, The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences revealed their plans to instate a new category that would honor “popular films” at the 2019 Oscars. The Academy has been tight-lipped regarding specific details about the new category, but it seems to be tailored for big summer blockbusters and superhero films.Though the Academy might have had good intentions, the “Popular Film” category wasn’t well received by the public. Many outlets and people on social media have called the "Popular Film" award an insult, while others claim it’s simply the Academy's a feeble attempt to boost dwindling ratings. Whatever the case, the category has become extremely controversial. The Academy hasn’t officially responded to the backlash; however, several Academy members recently shared that they wouldn’t be surprised if the new award gets scrapped.Related: We Break Down Black Panther's Oscars 2019 ChancesThe LA Times recently released an article detailing Black Panther’s hunt for a Best Picture nomination at the 2019 Oscars. In the article, they reference the new Popular Film category as a wildcard that could hurt the film’s hopes for a Best Picture nod. However, many Academy members that they spoke to shared their opinion on whether or not the new award would even be included in future ceremonies. The excerpt from the article reads as follows: "Several academy members say they wouldn’t be surprised if the academy backtracks and delays presenting the award this year or scraps it altogether."While the Academy hasn’t officially commented on the matter, the above excerpt is very intriguing. By now, the Academy has certainly  heard all the complaints surrounding the new category and seem to be debating whether to move forward as planned. Which makes complete sense, since the idea of a Popular Film category is completely divisive and problematic. On one hand, it would be a nice change of pace to see more mainstream films included in future Oscar ceremonies. On the other hand, the whole award could be seen as a consolation prize. If genuinely award worthy films like Black Panther get snubbed for Best Picture, but get placed in the popular film category, it seems like the Academy is just judging films based on genre rather than content.Apart from the new Popular Film category, the Academy has struggled to understand the current status of film culture. A few years ago, the Oscars were slammed for not being inclusive; however, they have taken steps to rectify that by including more films starring and directed by people of color. Now they face the issue of genre bias by excluding horror, science fiction and superhero films – with a few exceptions. The two problems aren’t comparative when it comes to social importance, though it does speak to how the Academy needs to evolve. Hopefully, the Academy will act accordingly in the face of public concern and start judging the content and importance of a film regardless of what genre it happens to be in.More: New Oscar Rules: How We Think The Academy Will Decide If A Film Is "Popular"Source: LA Times
Tags:
oscars
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences has had its share of troubles over the last decade, as the televised ceremony continues to struggle with ratings and viewer numbers continue to erode. Even a plan to expand the Best Picture Oscar category from 5 nominees up to 10 nominees has done little to increase viewership, a change instituted by the Academy after the controversial Best Picture snub of Christopher Nolan's critically acclaimed blockbuster The Dark Knight in 2009.The length of the show – which often ends up between three-and-a-half and four hours long – has also been a yearly complaint; but even the excessive runtime of this year's show paled in comparison into the horror story that played out on stage in late February when Best Picture presenters Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway were handed the wrong envelope by a representative of the Academy's accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers.Dunaway, of course, errantly announced La La Land as the winner, because, as it turns out, the envelope was a duplicate containing the card for Emma Stone's Best Actress win. After a few awkward minutes – which included some acceptance speeches by the film's producers – PwC officials rushed the stage to correct the error, awarding Moonlight the Best Picture Oscar. With extensive news coverage and millions of video views of the incident, the Oscar blunder is arguably one of the most embarrassing moments ever to have played out on live TV.Now that the dust has settled, the Academy made a decision Tuesday night that it was retaining PwC despite the monumental mix-up. According to THR, the news surfaced quietly through an email sent to Academy membership Wednesday by Academy President Cheryl Boone Issacs. Here is part of what she said:"Heading into our 84th year working with PwC, a partnership that is important to the Academy, we've been unsparing in our assessment that the mistake made by representatives of the firm was unacceptable."The decision reportedly came after 6-hour-long between Boone Isaacs and the majority of the 54-person Academy Board Tuesday night. And despite the "unacceptable" error by PwC, Boone Isaacs said "the board has decided to continue working with PwC." But in retaining the accounting firm its used since 1934, the Academy has some caveats, including that all PwC accountants who work on-stage hand over their electronic devices.As it turns out, the cause of the "human error" mix-up was made by PwC's Brian Cullinan, whose use of his smartphone and social media during the ceremony led to a distraction and hence, he handed over the wrong envelope.While the Best Picture bungle was without question the biggest embarrassment the Academy has ever suffered, it will no doubt eventually yield some benefits. The publicity in the immediate aftermath, left Boone Issacs, the Academy Board and PwC representatives hanging their heads in shame. Don't be surprised if the Academy makes light of flub somehow in the promotional run-up to next year's show, and whoever is host will surely make jokes about it during the ceremony.Plus, despite all the new safeguards the Academy is putting in place for PwC, you have to believe that viewers will watch in anticipation of another major mix-up. In an odd sort of way, the Motion Picture Academy may get their long-desired increase in viewership after all.Next: Oscars: Why The Best Picture Mixup Took So Long To FixSource: THR
Tags:
oscars
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In an odd turn of events, Ben Affleck's 2016 action film The Accountant was the most-rented title of 2017. Among all the other digital offerings last year, the MPAA has confirmed that Affleck's film was the number one rented title.The Accountant is a mostly fine action film starring Affleck as Christian Wolff, an autistic accountant for criminal and terrorist enterprises. On the side, and through a series of flashbacks, we learn that he is an adept fighter who has had a hand in several deaths of the Gambino crime family, a mafia presence in New York City. While he is uncovering embezzlement at a robotics company, things take a turn for the worse when the CFO is killed. From there, it's a twisty plot wherein Affleck stretched his still fresh Batman v Superman muscles. Except here, he's supposed to be killing people. According to the MPAA, it was the most popular title to rent.Related: Ben Affleck’s The Accountant Early ReviewsThe MPAA released their annual report this week, where they include home entertainment for the very first time. THR has a full report on all the numbers, but this inclusion may be the most shocking. Again, The Accountant received decent reviews, but put against the second and third most-rented titles - Moana and Wonder Woman, respectively - it pales in popularity and quality.All of these numbers point to the bigger subject that home entertainment is running the game right now, which should surprise no one. MPAA chairman-CEO Charles Rivkin wrote in the report, "The strong and vibrant theatrical and home entertainment market is expanding on many fronts, constantly innovating to deliver an unparalleled experience to audiences worldwide." The MPAA pulled their research from streaming services like Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Video, HBO Go and CBS All Access to determine that audiences all over enjoy streaming content.However, the fact that Affleck's mostly lackluster The Accountant was the most-rented title of 2017 is still somewhat of a shock. The film did fairly well, and even landed a sequel with Gavin O'Connor returning to direct. Affleck won't be returning, but that's not necessarily out of the ordinary. What it does indicate is that audiences will definitely go out of their way to rent movies that are not included in streaming subscriptions. To date, the only streaming service that has featured the The Accountant is HBO Go, which isn't one of the most well-known three: Netflix, Hulu, and Prime Video. Now that we have home entertainment included in the MPAA's annual report, movie fans can speculate about how America's renting habits will surprise us next year.More: The Accountant Sequel Moving Forward; Original Director ReturningSource: THR
Tags:
the accountant
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Accountant is a mystery/thriller that features Ben Affleck playing a much different character than audiences are used to seeing him embody: Christian "Chris" Wolff, a seemingly mild-mannered accountant who also moves in shadowy circles as a kind of lethally-skilled, morally-ambiguous action hero - who also happens to be autistic. Gifted with near-superhuman mathematics skills by his uniquely-developed mind and trained from childhood in marksmanship and lethal hand-to-hand combat to survive a harsh world that often misunderstands him, he earns a comfortable second living discreetly unpacking the complicated finances of crimebosses, cartels and other dangerous individuals.The plot of The Accountant is set in motion when Chris takes on a seemingly "legit" client that, it turns out, may be hiding a sinister secret - drawing Wolff and an innocent colleague (Anna Kendrick) into a deadly conspiracy that will test the limits of what Wolff can both think - and fight - his way out of. Screen Rant spoke with the film's director Gavin O'Connor - known for films like Miracle, Pride & Glory and the mixed-martial-arts drama Warrior - about all things The Accountant-related.-Screen Rant: What drew you to The Accountant?The script. I was sent the script by Lynette Howell [Taylor] and Mark Williams, the producers, and I was just sort of floored by the originality of it and the puzzle. It was sort of a like a gene-splice of a bunch of different genres that were all elegantly layered into the script, from a puzzle movie to an action film to a character study, and just its originality captivated me.Screen Rant: This is the first time working with Ben Affleck for you, correct?Yeah. First time we worked together. He was the first person – I think his agent had read the script, and once he heard I was doing it he called me up and asked what I thought about Ben. And honestly, I didn’t think about Ben because I knew he was so busy and I didn’t even think he’d be available. So when I was putting together lists of actors I knew he was doing Batman at the time and he was going to go direct, and if he was going to direct that’d be at least a year of his life.But his agent said he had a window, and he thought he would like the script, liked my work, things like that. So I said yeah, let’s see if he’s interested and we can talk. So he got in touch with me, and it turned out we saw the same movie – and I think you can go a lot of different ways, with that script.Screen Rant: Is there any sort of trepidation involved when directing another director?(Laughs) Oh, there’s a lot of trepidation! That was, y’know, our first conversation. Our first conversation, when we decided to do this movie together, we both were testing eachother. In regards to Ben, you know, he’s worked with a lot of people; so he wanted to make sure that the story I wanted to tell, the tone of the film, the story I wanted to tell was what he aligned with. How to ground this in reality and dramatize this character. And we did some work on the script on how we approach this character and how he had these skills… all that stuff we talked about.And I think we realized we were aligned, creatively, and I think we have a similar aesthetic, a similar syntax in how we talk about film. And the only other thing we had to discuss was to make sure that we were cool about… you know, I said “you can’t just show up and play somebody with Asperger’s. There’s a lot of work that needs to be done to get into that.” And the other thing was the action in the movie. When you’re Batman, you get to wear a mask so I’m sure there’s a body double that does a lot of that work – we don’t have a body double, so [Affleck] will have to do a lot of work and training to do all the fight scenes. He was 100% committed to that and did it all, months and months of work.And the last question I had for Ben was “Look, I’m a big fan of your work, but I just have to ask the question so I don’t run into a problem later: We can’t have two directors on this movie.” And he made it really clear that would never be an issue, and it never was. He was… I think Ben, as a director, understands what it’s like. There’s a hundred moving parts, balls the air, I think he liked the fact that he could just go to his trailer when there was a problem and he didn’t have to deal with it. And as a director he really knows… he shows up, he’s prepared, he just lifts everything. He’s making everything fine. He’s considerate and he’s respectful and he just does the work. He’s committed.Screen Rant: You just described the main character as having Asperger’s Syndrome. In the film, Wolff only ever describes his diagnosis as “high-functioning autism,” and not giving said condition a specific label is an important point within the film itself. But does this mean that your approach, story-wise, was that he specifically has Asperger’s?Well, I mean… Asperger’s, the term was – I believe the doctor was named Hans Asperger who diagnosed it – it’s a level on the autism spectrum. It’s high-functioning autism. They don’t use that term anymore, medically, it’s just high-functioning autism now. But people with Aspergers, they still use the term. They want to be called – the like being called Aspergers. So I use it because I know people with Aspergers they… they call themselves “Aspies.” But [Christian Wolff] has high-functioning autism.Screen Rant: How much research like that goes into approaching a project like this? To perhaps be more sensitive to this issue than films have been in the past?That was my quest. I said to Ben at the beginning, you know, you can’t just show up and play someone on the spectrum. You have to do a ton of research. I read everything you can read, watched every documentary, every Youtube video, listened to every podcast, met with doctors and specialists and once Ben got onboard he and I together were meeting. [We] had many, many meetings with specialists, with guys who are high-functioning autism. We had days when we were in like a classroom setting with like thirty of them, asking them questions for hours, in conversation with them.And what we learned – I was told this by specialists, but I learned it for myself – there’s not one person on the spectrum who’s like somebody else. They’re all unique in their own way and different in their own way, so that was liberating. So what we started doing was, after meeting all these people, we just grabbed all these behavioral details that we liked, so [Wolff] is kind of an amalgam – it’s not just based on any one person, it’s an amalgam of many people that we met.Screen Rant: So from the beginning, the script comes in and that’s the set premise: This is a dramatic, almost “action-hero”-like character with autism. Has there been any talk of “blowback” about that, people feeling that this is not a proper portrayal or the concept being “exploitative” in some way?Well, I mean – it hasn’t yet. I don’t know how it could be exploitative. If anyone ever said that, I don’t know how it could be. Y’know, my intention and Ben’s intention was to celebrate the character; and we did a massive amount of research to make sure that it was authentic and truthful. So I don’t know how anyone could ever think that, but you know, you can’t control what people will say or think. All I know is my intention in making the movie.Screen Rant: Looking back through your filmography, specifically Miracle, Pride & Glory, Warrior and now The Accountant have a very strong through-line of, perhaps, “difficult” father figures both literal and figurative in a lot of your films. Is there something that attracts you to that type of story in particular?Well… I think I’d have to say yes, because it’s there in the work. When I read The Accountant, obviously those themes were in there including brothers… one of the things we worked on, with Ben, was make sure it all fit together, that those flashbacks informed all the skills he had in the present-day narrative. So we had [screenwriter] Bill Dubuque rewrite that part of it, which probably went further into the father/son storyline. So I guess the only way I can answer that is to say that “yes,” and that I don’t know why. I guess I’m still trying to figure out why, what’s going on with myself and my relationship with my father that I need to explore.Screen Rant: We’ve seen lots of movies that have, as an element, the question of what it’s like to raise a child who’s different in this way. This is certainly not the typical version of that.I hope not. I think the other thing that was very important to me was to understand that the father… everything the father did was generated by how much he loved his son. Back then, parents didn’t really understand much about the spectrum, it was all new; and how one person was treating it might not work for everybody else – they’re all so different. The dad, maybe not being… the diagnosis of how to treat [Christian’s autism] was foreign to him and one that he did not think was appropriate: “The world can be a very cruel place for my child, and I’m going to prepare him for it.” Because he loved the shit out of that kid, and those are the tools that [the father] had in his tool belt. But it was always generated by love.Screen Rant: As part of those childhood flashback sequences, we learn that The Accountant has had training in a specific fighting style from a Master played by Ron Yuan. What style is it that we see him instructing Christian in?That is a style called Pencak Silat, which is an Indonesian martial art. That’s an example of, when I was working with my fight guys – the same guys I used on Warrior – we were trying to figure out what style [Wolff] would use for fighting, and when we came across Pencak Silat… we went to Indonesia, to do a scene of him getting trained in that style. And I chose that style because it’s flashy, in a cinematic way, but also incredibly efficient; and I just kept coming from a place of… in his present day fighting still, [Wolff] would be very mathematical about it: “How do I eliminate this person as quickly as possible?”Screen Rant: Pencak Silat is also the style mainly used in The Raid movies, isn’t it?It is, actually. I didn’t know that at the time, though I had seen The Raid. And I think if you look at ours, it’s… I liked The Raid, but those fights are more… it’s Pencak-Silat, but I guess it’s more of a Hong Kong style, very elevated, non grounded in reality use of the style. I don’t think anyone can look at The Raid and think there’s a realism to that, it’s slightly almost cartoony.Screen Rant: Given the timeframe wherein you were shooting the movie, with J.K. Simmons also being in the cast, were you aware at that point that you were directing both Batman and Commissioner Gordon in the film?(Laughs) No! No, he hadn’t been cast as Commissioner Gordon yet. What happened with J.K. was the Friday night that Whiplash came out I’d seen the movie with my family and literally walked out of the theater and called Lynette Howell [Taylor] and said “You’ve got to get me a meeting with J.K. Simmons.” I’d always been a fan, but I was floored by his work in that film. He and I met maybe a week later, and we got to do the movie together.Screen Rant: And with Jon Bernthal, also, you got to shoot a fight scene effectively between Batman and The Punisher! [Note: Bernthal portrays an assassin targeting persons associated with the mystery that Wolff is attempting to solve.](Laughs) Yeah. I didn’t think about it like that at the time, but I guess I did. Bernthal has been a buddy of mine, and from the beginning I didn’t read anyone else for that part. I offered that part to Jon right off – I wanted him to play that role.Screen Rant: When did Anna Kendrick come onboard the production?Early on. It was really important for that role… there were names that were brought up, but my litmus test was do believe that actress would fall in love with Chris – would Chris strike a fire in that girl’s heart in any way. And we couldn’t always tell if they’d have feelings for him, but with Anna… I just knew she would also bring a sense of humor and a lightness that I really wanted for the movie to be fun.Screen Rant: You also have the legendary John Lithgow in the film – what’s it like, directing an actor of that caliber?He was the easiest to direct, really. He’s unbelievable! One of the brightest people I’ve ever met, and one of the kindest actors. He was amazing, you know… on his days he wouldn’t even be in his trailer – he’d be ready on set, reading a book, sitting in his chair: “Just let me know when you need me!” And he’d just read books, come and do brilliant work, and go back to his books. That was John. I just liked being in Lithgow’s airspace, it’s really kind oxygen, being around that guy.Screen Rant: One final question, about one of your earlier films: Having made Warrior, one of the biggest Mixed Martial-Arts films of its time, how do you feel about how the appreciation of that film has grown in that [the MMA] community?I’m grateful! I was trying to get that right. When I made that movie, it was still… MMA and UFC and that type of fighting, it just wasn’t as popular as it is today. And that movie, more than any movie I’ve ever made, I have a weird… there’s an amazing following of rabid fans, more than anything I’ve ever done. And I’d say that’s probably my most personal movie. So I’m really grateful and, y’know, maybe we’ll do another one!Screen Rant: Well, that would be terrific to see!Well, we’ve had some talks about that. Me and the actors.-The Accountant is now playing in U.S. theaters.
Tags:
the accountant
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
As part of a rebranding strategy, Morgan Creek is exploring the possibility of rebooting classic properties like Ace Ventura and Major League. This comes at a time where every production company and major studio around is trying desperately to mine its own back catalog in search of a future hit. While those who'd prefer original film and TV content continue to take issue with this reliance on franchises, it seems unlikely to stop being the norm in Hollywood anytime soon.1994's Ace Ventura: Pet Detective was of course the film that first rocketed star Jim Carrey to superstardom, and it remains one of only two films of Carrey's to see him return for the sequel, 1995's Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls. Ace also starred in his own animated series, albeit without any Carrey involvement. Often cited as one of the best sports comedies out there, the original Major League hit theaters in 1989, and starred notable names like Charlie Sheen, Tom Berenger, and Wesley Snipes. Two sequels followed, both of which failed to match the original's success.The news of potential Ace Ventura and Major League reboots comes via a new Deadline report about Morgan Creek's current attempt to revitalize its brand, including changing the name of the company from Morgan Creek Productions to Morgan Creek Entertainment Group. Morgan Creek is focusing on adapting its properties into TV series, but is also open to film continuations as well, with a film possibly serving as a companion piece to an accompanying series. For example, Ace is seen as being a viable franchise for either film, TV, or both.The current plan for Ace Ventura is not to remake the original films, but instead craft a continuation of the franchise that focuses on a long-lost son or daughter that steps in to take over Ace's pet detective business. Morgan Creek says they would welcome Carrey's return as Ace, but that's probably more wishful thinking than anything, given Carrey's general dislike of doing sequels. Specific plans for how Morgan Creek plans to revamp Major League have yet to be revealed, although it should be noted that Sheen expressed interest in returning to the franchise earlier this year.Outside of Ace Ventura and Major League, Morgan Creek is also exploring a reboot of the Young Guns franchise, as well as a TV series adaptation of Nightbreed, which creator Clive Barker would reportedly be involved with in some capacity. David Cronenberg is also said to be supportive of rebooting his 1988 psychological thriller Dead Ringers as a series. One shouldn't expect all of these reboots and revivals to hit at once though, as Morgan Creek wants to make half their production portfolio franchise continuations and the other half original projects.More: Charlie Sheen Seeking Funding For Major League 3Source: Deadline
Tags:
ace ventura,
major league
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The Ace Ventura series launched one of the biggest movie stars in the history of the business. Prior to the release of Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, Jim Carrey was known as that guy from In Living Color. However, based on the strength of his comedic performance in the film, it was a huge hit and his career was instantly thrust into a whole new stratosphere. In fact, that movie was such a big success that it didn’t even take two years for its sequel, Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls, to be released to theaters.Considering the first film in this franchise was such a seminal movie in the minds of a whole generation of comedy fans, you’d think people would know a lot about what went on behind the scenes. However, when it comes to Ace Ventura: Pet Detective that simply isn’t the case among most of its fans, and the masses know even less about the other entries in the series.In order for a piece of information to be considered for possible inclusion in this list, it must, first and foremost, relate to the making of the Ace Ventura series in one way or another. On top of that, something about it needs to be astonishing enough that it is amazing when you really think about it. Of course, it should be noted that every person’s knowledge base is different, so huge fans may be aware of some things to come.Here are 20 Crazy Details Behind The Making Of The Ace Ventura Movies.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewOne of the best actors of his generation, Jim Carrey has been marvelous in a number of films. The fact is that he is a comedic genius. E ven though his performance as Ace Ventura was hilarious enough to make him a star, most people wouldn’t have expected him to have done a lot of research for the part. After all, one of the best aspects of the film is that Carrey’s performance comes off as being so spontaneous that it seems like much of it was created on the fly, and that is certainly true in some ways.However, as  Carrey revealed when he appeared on Inside the Actor’s Studio, while preparing to make Pet Detective, he observed birds and based his movements in the film on them.Most of Ace Ventura: Pet Detective's cast members fit their roles because they brought authenticity to their parts. In a great example of that, the actor who played the deliveryman in the film’s opening sequence truly seemed like someone you wouldn’t want to mess with, because he's sporting a pair of black eye, implying that he has recently been involved in a fight. You’d never know it, but that detail was not planned.The character was portrayed by real-life boxer Randall “Tex” Cobb. On the movie’s commentary track, it was revealed he showed up on set with those shiners and it was decided that they fit his role.It's time to look at one of the character’s best-remembered catchphrases; a line that was delivered to absolute perfection by Jimy Carrey. When Ace Ventura: Pet Detective became a surprise hit, many fans walked around saying “alrighty then!"Another moment that was addressed by director Tom Shadyac on the movie’s commentary track, the line was one of several that Carrey designed specifically to be quotable. However, he also made it clear that some of Carrey' s ideas failed. He also hoped that the motion he made with his fingers after saying “alrighty then” would become popular, but it didn’t.Initially released in 1994, Ace Ventura: Pete Detective is almost 25 years old and, for the most part, the movie’s humor has aged well. That said, the portrayal of the film’s main villain, a trans woman, is nausea-inducing when you watch it today. Portrayed by Sean Young in the film, Lois Einhorn used to be a kicker for the Miami Dolphins prior to her transition. When her previous identity is revealed, she becomes the butt of offensive jokes.A team photo from her NFL days is shown and Ray Finkle looks nothing like the woman seen in the rest of the film. Despite that, the movie’s commentary track reveals that Sean Young put on a wig and fake mustache to play the character in the NFL photo.One of the biggest complaints of filmgoers today is that Hollywood doesn’t have any original ideas. Such a rant is bound to elicit eye-rolls since it is such a common refrain. However, there are some examples of filmmakers making incredibly lazy film sequels, thinking the association to a popular movie will be enough to make it a success.For example, many years after both mainstream Ace Ventura films became hits, a direct-to-video spin-off was released in 2009-- to the delight of pretty much nobody. Titled Ace Ventura: Pet Detective Jr., the movie lacked any major stars and currently has a score of 2.1/10 on IMDb, which says it all.At any moment there are legions of actors that are doing their best to make it someday. For that reason, it is common knowledge that if you tell an actor they need to be able to ride a horse to land a role, they will claim they can even if that isn’t the case.Courteney Cox signed to play the female lead in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective even though she was afraid of some of the animals featured in the film.In director Tom Shadyac's movie commentary, he revealed that she was even afraid of the monkey she shared scenes with, since it often was at Jim Carrey’s side when he was playing Ace.For some time now, there has been talk of an Ace Ventura remake, but it is hard to imagine. After all, the character is so infused with Jim Carrey’s madcap energy that it feels impossible to recreate. Some fans would even argue that even he didn’t pull off the role during the sequel. With all of that in mind, it is incredible to know that not only was a different actor considered for the part in the first film, but another star was also actually offered the role.While it is really hard to picture beloved actor Rick Moranis playing Ace, it is pretty interesting to imagine.One of the biggest surprise hits of the early ‘90s, Ace Ventura: Pet Detective was so beloved that its sequel was highly anticipated. With that in mind, when it came time to choose who would direct When Nature Calls, a lot of directors were considered.Tom DeCerchio had only ever directed a short film, but the powers that be thought he was up to the task. Sadly, a Premiere report revealed that “Carrey would come to the set and find that he would have to reblock many of the scenes" and he was not happy with the film’s dailies. These problems led to DeCerchio’s dismissal from the project.Several years into his career when he began working on Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, Jim Carrey had built up a fan base from his time on In Living Color, but he was far from a huge star. With that in mind, it seems unlikely that he would be able to make any demands when he signed on to star in the first Ace Ventura film, but it turns out that is not the case.Instead, he was able to insist that one of his favorite bands growing up, a popular heavy metal act, got to appear in the movie. Touched on in an interview the band gave to Noisey, they revealed that their label called them and let them know that Jim Carrey wanted them to be in a movie he was making.An actor with an image that has only become more complicated over time, Jim Carrey seemingly has little to no interest in being a cookie-cutter, smiling movie star today.It's clear that he can be pretty uncompromising when he feels passionately about his art. While it may be hard for some people to imagine him caring deeply about playing a character as silly as Ace Ventura, he clearly threw himself into the role with complete abandon. He cared about the depiction of Ace when he worked on When Nature Calls so much that co-star Simon Callow reported that, during the filming Carrey “was at war with the director and the producers.”Made for only $15 million and starring an actor on the rise, it seems pretty obvious that when Ace Ventura: Pet Detective was produced, Warner Bros. didn’t have that much resting on its success. After all, even if the movie completely bombed, they would be able to write off any losses if another film was a minor hit. For that reason, it makes perfect sense that Tom Shadyac, a director that had previously only helmed a forgettable TV movie, was put in charge of it.However, the studio had much higher hopes for its sequel When Nature Calls, yet they put Steve Oedekerk, a director who had only ever helmed a tiny movie that was never released, in charge of it.Almost entirely gone from the public eye for many years now, the only time Tone Loc pops up these days is when he appears in shows about the ‘90s and ‘80s nostalgia. As a result, it is easy to forget how popular he was in those decades due to releasing the hit songs “Wild Thing” and “Funky Cold Medina”. Other than that, his biggest claim to fame is his supporting role in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.When that movie comes up these days, people think about Jim Carrey, Courteney Cox, and Sean Young first.However, if you were around when Pet Detective came out, you may remember him as being the most famous member of the cast, something that director Tom Shadyac brings up during the movie’s commentary.At the best of times, the people that work behind the scenes of a movie walk away from their experience with a smile on their face and happy memories to think of for years to come. On the other end of the spectrum, there certainly have been several movie productions that have become nightmares for those involved. Seemingly closer to the latter scenario, several people who worked on Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls have been open about how awful that process turned out to be.The movie was hampered by a budget that was too small, an ill-prepared director, and a lead actor who often was ill during the shooting process. Nothing seems to have gone as planned.Unlike Saturday Night Live, In Living Color has been off the air for years, which has led to it largely being forgotten. Truly hilarious in its time, it also launched the mainstream careers of many hilarious actors including Damon, Shawn, and Marlon Wayans, David Alan Grier, as well as Jamie Foxx and Jennifer Lopez. Additionally, In Living Color introduced millions of people to the truly uproarious Jim Carrey prior to him becoming a movie star.That would have kept Carrey very busy, but when he was preparing to star in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, he worked on its script after In Living Color finished shooting.Jim Carrey was the key factor in whether or not the studio could move forward with an Ace Ventura sequel.If he didn’t sign on to appear in the movie, it could not go into production. As a result, he was in a position of power during the negotiating process and was able to demand things like an incredible $15 million payday for appearing in When Nature Calls.  While that would be more than enough to make a lot of actors agree to be in a film, he also managed to negotiate the right to approve whoever was chosen to direct the movie. As a result, Carrey had to sign off on the hiring of the movie’s original director Tom DeCerchio and his replacement Steve Oedekerk.One of the most interesting people in Hollywood, Spike Jonze has directed some visually amazing movies like Being John Malkovich, Her, and Where the Wild Things Are. On top of that, he also worked with the likes of Johnny Knoxville, Bam Margera, and Steve-O on their famous prank show and movies. It is a huge shame Jonze was not given the opportunity to direct When Nature Calls, as he wanted to do it.Sadly, Jim Carrey decided he did not want Jonze to direct the Ace Ventura sequel, which is a decision he later realized was a mistake. Carrey spoke about turning down a pitch from Jonze for the Ace Ventura sequel, saying “I’ve been kicking myself ever since.”Active in film since 1983, Jim Carrey ended up becoming an international superstar pretty much overnight when his first hit movie Ace Ventura: Pet Detective was released in 1994. Then he followed that film with other hits like The Mask, Dumb and Dumber, Batman Forever, and his first sequel, Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls, which came out in 1995.Starring in his first sequel just a year after he became a star made people think that The Mask was going to get similar treatment.Instead, it wasn’t until nearly 20 years later in 2014 that Carrey starred in his second sequel, Dumb and Dumber To. Considering that Carrey’s experience making When Nature Calls was awful, that likely is why it took him 19 years to make another sequel.Earlier on this list, we touched on the fact that Ghostbusters and How I Shrunk the Kids veteran Rick Moranis was offered the role of Ace Ventura and how crazy that feels. However, we left out the fact that he was not the only other actor that at one time was in the running to star in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective. In fact, producers considered several other actors, including Judd Nelson and Alan Rickman. On top of that, they contemplated giving the part to famed actor and comedian Whoopi Goldberg.She had recently been downright spectacular in Ghost at the time, so it is easy to understand why she was in the running, even though she would have been a very different Ace than Carrey.When he was cast to play When Nature Calls’ main villain, Simon Callow must have been overjoyed to get that part.Things reportedly went awry when Jim Carrey became habitually ill while the movie was shooting. This was major problem for Callow, he had made commitments in the UK but Carrey’s illness delayed shooting for the film so much that he was needed on set much longer than planned. He wrote in his memoir that he was encouraged by When Nature Calls’ producers to fly back and forth, butt hat they did not tell him the cost of those flights was being subtracted from his salary. Worse yet, since Carrey’s illness was considered an “act of God” in contract terms, Callow failed to get paid a bonus for all of the extra days he was on set. For both of those reasons, Callow says he got paid virtually nothing for appearing in When Nature Calls.Ace Ventura: Pet Detective was loved by many viewers but was written off as being monumentally stupid by most professional reviewers. One of the reasons why the movie was so derided among that group is because the movie embraced its sophomoric antics and Carrey’s performance was so over the top. As they were very aware of both of those facts when they were making the movie, director Tom Shadyac and Jim Carrey both realized the film easily could have failed to find an audience.In fact, during the movie’s commentary track, Shadyac revealed that he and Carrey knew they had gone really big with the film and were worried that if that failed, their careers could be ruined.---Do you have any trivia to share about the Ace Ventura movies? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Onetime stuntmen-turned-filmmakers Mike "Mouse" McCoy and Scott Waugh hope to recreate the real-life experience of Navy SEALs with extreme accuracy onscreen in Act of Valor, an upcoming war thriller that boasts a cast composed primarily of (appropriately) actual Navy SEALs.An official trailer has been released for Act of Valor - and while it doesn't offer much insight into the film's plot or characters, the footage on display certainly suggests this production will feature some of the more convincing battle sequences and practical tactical maneuvers (say that three times fast...) ever put to film.Act of Valor originated as a military recruitment video before it was developed into a fully-realized fictional motion picture - one directed by McCoy and Waugh, based on a screenplay from Kurt Johnstad (300). Relativity Media acquired the screen rights to the project earlier this year.Here's an official description of the film:'Act of Valor' follows a Navy SEAL squad on a covert mission to recover a kidnapped CIA agent, and in the process takes down a complex web of terrorist cells determined to strike America at all costs.Now check out the official Act of Valor trailer below: This theatrical trailer largely makes Act of Valor look like a cinematic adaptation of a Call of Duty video game - what with its mission-driven storyline, explosive war violence, and familiar visual tropes (ex. soldier POV shots, slow-mo action, etc.). Combine that with scenes of officers living their regular lives - or talking about their experiences - and it seems like McCoy, Waugh, and Johnstad are designing Act of Valor to feel more like a pseudo-documentary than anything else.Featuring a cast largely populated by non-actors - along with somewhat more recognizable faces such as Roselyn Sanchez (Rush Hour 2), Emilio Rivera (Sons of Anarchy), and Nester Serrano (90210, 24) - can be a risky proposition for a film, especially one that calls for some heavy dramatic work. Fortunately, Act of Valor only requires the legitimate military officers in its cast to (essentially) play themselves... though, admittedly, sometimes even that task turns out to be a bit much for non-professionals.Fortunately, since so much of Act of Valor appears to focus on scenes of actual combat, that (hopefully) won't be too much of an issue.Military-themed productions are a tricky proposition, all things considered. If filmmakers portray soldiers in too much of an unambiguous positive light, they are often accused of making what amounts to a glorified military promo. On the other hand, if they portray soldiers in too harshly negative a light, they are often accused of delivering an anti-military movie that unfairly villainizes its subject. So here's to hoping that Act of Valor can manage a balance between those two extreme approaches.-Act of Valor is slated for theatrical release in the U.S. on February 17th, 2012.Source: Yahoo! Movies
Tags:
act of valor
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With tons of new series being released this year, as well as plenty of older, beloved series being made available on the streaming service, its no wonder that Netflix is the world's most popular streaming service with over 137 million subscribers. In addition, Netflix's original programming provides viewers with quality programming that they cannot find anywhere else.This has made it possible for fans of any genre to find programming to suit their tastes, including those who are looking for high-impact action sequences with plenty of thrills and spills. Let's take a look at some of the best action TV series that Netflix has to offer.RELATED: Netflix Reveals Most Binged Shows Of 2018Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThis heart-racing thriller follows Teresa Mendoza (played by Alice Braga), a young Mexican woman on the run after her drug-running boyfriend was killed by a notorious cartel. While focusing on Teresa's efforts to avenge her lover's murder, this series also documents Teresa's rise from struggling money changer on the streets of Sinaloa to queen of her own empire.With a fast-paced plot and plenty of action in exotic locations such as Bolivia, Malta, Mexico, Texas and Arizona, fans of detailed storylines and unexpected plot twists will love this series. The show's first two seasons are currently available on Netflix, with the third one expected to arrive on Netflix later in 2019.RELATED: New Mutants: Alice Braga Replaces Rosario Dawson In CastOne of the most groundbreaking foreign-language series available on Netflix sees a group of Israeli undercover operatives engage in covert missions in the West Bank; tracking down dangerous militants such as the notorious Abu Ahmad.This series has received widespread praise, particularly for its sincere portrayal of both its Israeli and Palestinian characters as well as their trials and tribulations.One of Marvel's more morbid productions, Jessica Jones follows a young woman whose career as a superhero was cut short due to tragedy. Moving to New York City soon after, Jessica starts her own detective agency as a means of helping those around her. Rather than saving the world like most superheroes, Jessica's main priority is being able to cover her expenses and stay afloat each month.This grim yet compelling series will provide an addictive storyline for anyone with a taste for noir, as well as superhero fans who are looking for something a little darker than the stories involving the majority of Marvel's stereotypical heroes. It is expected to return to Netflix for a third season later this year.Yet another non-English language series, this story follows four war veterans who reunite years later in order to find a woman they all believed dead; namely the sister of one of them and the former girlfriend of another. This discovery leads them to the jungles of Columbia, where they must confront the traumas of their past and band together in order to find this woman and return her to safety.This series is ideal for adventure seekers who enjoy seeing characters travel far and wide to carry out daring missions.RELATED: 15 Best Movies And TV Shows Leaving In FebruaryFor those looking to be transported back hundreds of years to a time of knights in shining armor, wars that were fought with axes and spears, and hordes of ferocious Viking invaders, look no further. The Last Kingdom series follows the adventures of Uhtred, a Saxon man whose family was killed and village sacked by Danish forces, and who was subsequently adopted by a highly-respected Danish warrior.This series is great for anyone who enjoys a fictional story with historical roots, realistic and intense violence, and subtle displays of romance along the way.In its fourteenth season, Supernatural is one of the longest running shows on TV, yet it shows no signs of decline. This could be due to the heartfelt relationship between protagonists and brothers Sam and Dean Winchester, the array of intriguing encounters with monsters and human guest stars, or riveting storylines such as Castiel's brief defection to the dark side.A hit with fans of fantasy and action alike, Supernatural's first 13 seasons are available to stream on Netflix, providing viewers with plenty of binge-worthy content.This show sees Richard Madden deliver a convincing performance as elite bodyguard David Budd, who is assigned to protect Home Secretary Julia Montague, a controversial political figure whose life is in danger due to a devious plot. While often finding himself at odds with Montague, Budd also struggles with the PTSD that he suffers as a result of his military service in Afghanistan.While only six episodes long, this show's first season will deliver a pleasurable viewing experience for those who enjoy political thrillers, as it exceeds at dealing with content such as government abuse of power for the sake of national security, the struggles of coping with PTSD, and conspiracies of terror.Yet another successful Marvel series, Daredevil follows the adventures of Matt Murdock, a blind vigilante superhero who has vowed to protect his neighborhood, Hell's Kitchen, from crime and injustice. Filled with tons of well-executed fight scenes and compelling storylines surrounding this troubled yet likable superhero, Daredevil promises to hold the attention of superhero lovers for the duration of its three seasons.Surprisingly, the series was canceled by Netflix near the end of 2018, however viewers can still enjoy Daredevil's escapades on the streaming service.Foreign-language television series seem to get an exceptionally warm reception on Netflix, and this one is no different. A Spanish production, this psychological thriller revolves around Tokyo, a young woman with a proven record for pulling off bank heists, as well as seven other robbers, all of whom have been recruited by one man to pull off the largest heist in history.The mastermind of this heist, known simply as The Professor, conceived this idea with one goal in mind; to take control of the National Coinage and Stamp Factory of Spain and print out 2.4 billion Euros in cash. Each episode is filled with suspense and stunning plot twists, as this group of bandits interact with hostages in the factory, police, media and other members of the outside world.Those with an affinity to historical thrillers (with events so compelling that they don't even need to be fictionalized for TV) will fall in love with this series. Based on the rise of infamous drug kingpins along with the Cali Cartel and the Mexican Guadalajara cartel, this show documents the stories of DEA Agents who went behind enemy lines in an effort to win the war on drugs.The original Narcos series, which was based on events in Columbia and ran for three seasons, was so popular that a spinoff, Narcos: Mexico, was released a year later to the delight of its loyal fanbase.NEXT: What To Expect From Narcos: Mexico Season 2
Tags:
netflix
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
As rumored but never mentioned directly to those affected until the business day's end, Activision Blizzard begins its mass layoffs today in a move that will leave about 800 employees jobless. However, thanks to the massive producer's noble sacrifice of those hundreds whose work was deemed nonessential, Activision Blizzard is reporting its highest revenue figures in company history.As predicted by various outlets earlier this week, Activision Blizzard dropped the axe on the largely unsuspecting victims of today's long-rumored layoffs. Forecast since the end of 2018, an earnings call between Activision Blizzard executives and shareholders today confirmed what was entirely unknown to many staff members and almost certainly an unending nightmare hanging over the heads of those who caught wind of the bad news by word of mouth. Of course, no one knew better of the coming mass firings than the executive board of Activision Blizzard, itself, but even in the face of high-profile departures of key players and clear evidence of shareholder enmity following the loss of Bungie's Destiny they were too busy handing out $15 million to the company's newest CFO.Related: Activision Blizzard Hit With Multiple Class Action Lawsuits Over Bungie SplitThat conference call with investors, during which Activision Blizzard CEO Bobby Kotick proudly proclaimed the company's 2018 financial outcome to be "the best in [their] history," was the formal announcement of 8 percent of the company staff's collective termination. The call, and its accompanying Q4 earnings report, leaves an approximate 800 employees in "non-development roles" to fend for themselves while Activision Blizzard boorishly pivots to more intensely focus its capital and human resources on major franchises like Call of Duty and Overwatch. The internet hasn't wasted any time slamming Kotick in meme form, one of which can be seen below.It bears repeating that the most upsetting thing about this entire affair is Activision Blizzard's borderline-negligent refusal to give employees facing the chopping block the slightest of warnings, with many of those hit by these layoffs only having learned today that their jobs were even in danger. An internal letter from Blizzard president J. Allen Brack that circulated among his staff was brought to light by Kotaku, reading:"Over the last few years, many of our non-development teams expanded to support various needs. Currently staffing levels on some teams are out of proportion with our current release slate. This means we need to scale down some areas of our organization. I’m sorry to share that we will be parting ways with some of our colleagues in the U.S. today. In our regional offices, we anticipate similar evaluations, subject to local requirements.”A slightly less lukewarm version of that letter was issued by Brack as a Blizzard press release, explaining that staff members being let go would be given "additional pay, benefits continuation, and career and recruiting support" as part of their severance. It can be safely assumed that laid off employees on the Activision side of things are receiving similar (if not identical) severance packages to "help them find their next opportunity," but by no measure does that excuse Activion Blizzard's near-total lack of notice prior to sacking hundreds of highly talented professionals whom the company owes for its most successful year on record.More: It Gets Worse: Activision Blizzard Under Investigation For Securities FraudSource: Activision Blizzard, Kotaku
Tags:
blizzard
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A tough period for Activision Blizzard keeps getting tougher as the video-game studio bleeds talent. The company's recent issues have suggested that it has become increasingly out of touch with fans. But with top executives continuing to leave Activision Blizzard, it seems as though there's even more going astray at the studio.Blizzard is renowned for a number of vastly influential series, including Warcraft, Starcraft, Diablo, and its latest hit, Overwatch. But since its merger with Activision in 2008, the company has, in the minds of critics, leaned more and more into its corporate side - leaving players concerned for the fate of their favorite IPs. Over the past few months, Activision Blizzard has done much to upset fans - essentially axing its MOBA, Heroes of the Storm; revealing that the next entry in its Diablo franchise will be a mobile title; and even expanding the scope of its employee buyouts - but now, the departure of two key executives may point to further changes to come.Related: The Real Story Behind Diablo 4's Curious DevelopmentGameSpot reports that not only has CFO Spencer Neumann left in order to work at Netflix, but also Amrita Ahuja, who served as CFO since March 2018 and worked at the company for more than eight years, has left for a position with mobile payment company Square. To put this recent exodus in perspective, it was only last October that Blizzard's co-founder and president, Mike Morhaime, left the studio.As far as creating problems for Activision Blizzard goes, it would be one thing if execs were just leaving the company - but there have also been instances of former members of the studio criticizing its evolution. In November, Diablo 2 producer Mark Kern tweeted about the Diablo Immortal announcement, opining that Blizzard's developers have "really lost touch with gamers" and "need to make an effort to connect and tear down the corporate wall." Later that month, Diablo creator David Brevik appeared on the Twitch stream of "thejunglequeen," his wife, saying that Activision was dominating Blizzard. He mentioned the company getting rid of its employee profit-sharing system, saying (from an imagined Activision Blizzard perspective), "And, so, therefore, you don’t like this very much, Mike Morhaime? Well too f—ing bad, you’re gone!" To be fair, Brevik had earlier said that he was drunk, and clarified that he was only speculating - but the damage was done.So where does this leave Activision Blizzard? Higher-ups are leaving and the designers who built the company's reputation in the first place are lamenting its current state. It's all rather disheartening, to be sure. But there's reason for optimism, too. In 2016, Blizzard rebooted the development of Diablo 4 because the studio wasn't happy with how it was shaping up. The new version of the game is reportedly returning to the series' roots, embracing a darker tone and leaving behind the "cartooniness," as many players referred to it, of Diablo 3. Only time will tell how Diablo 4 pans out, but, when thinking about Blizzard, it might help to put faith in game developers rather than executives.More: Improvements Blizzard Really Needs To Make With Diablo 4Source: GameSpot
Tags:
World of Warcraft,
starcraft,
diablo,
Overwatch,
diablo immortal,
diablo 4
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Call of Duty WWII developer Activision have been granted a patent for a new matchmaking system - one that analyzes player behavior and tweaks their gaming experiences to encourage microtransactions. Loot Boxes and in-game purchases have become increasingly controversial, with more triple-A games releasing with some variation of this component. The recent beta for Star Wars Battlefont II raised the issue of how monetized loot boxes have become problematic. Likewise, the full release of Middle-earth: Shadow of War has been criticized for being pay-to-win, with a Loot Chest system that allows players to use real-world money to purchase followers, gear, and even XP.The element of chance inherent in these systems led gamers to question their nature as a form of gambling. The ESRB has since weighed in on the debate and decided that this is not the case. While their legality has apparently been clarified, the morality of targeted microtransactions remains up for debate. Now, Activision is looking to take the next big step of in-game marketing, via a system that can deliberately enhance or reduce your gameplay experience to encourage purchases of in-game content.Related: Star Wars Battlefront II's Loot Box ProblemRolling Stone first reported the story about Activision's new patent, which is described as a "computer-implemented method of driving microtransactions in a multi-player game". The story has since been picked up by news outlets and YouTubers like Downward Thrust, who broke down the patent and what it could mean for the future of gaming. Take a look at the video below:This system will affect the matchmaking process in games, factoring in player skill level, Internet lag, availability of friends, preferred playing styles, and so on. At face value, the system should improve gameplay, making matchmaking more personalized than ever. However, this patent is specifically concerned with using this matchmaking in order to push in-game sales. Part of the patent reads:“For example, if the player purchased a particular weapon, the microtransaction engine may match the player in a gameplay session in which the particular weapon is highly effective. This may encourage the player to make future purchases to achieve similar gameplay results.”This paragraph is the very definition of pay-to-win, with in-game purchases resulting in the reward of manufactured victories. The patent goes on to suggest a deeper level of specificity to the system, suggesting that it could deliberately manipulate beginners into purchases by matching them with expert players with a playing style that the beginner wishes to emulate:"For instance, the microtransaction engine may match a more expert/marquee player with a junior player to encourage the junior player to make game-related purchases of items possessed/used by the marquee player. A junior player may wish to emulate the marquee player by obtaining weapons or other items used by the marquee player."A spokesperson for the developer clarified that this system has not been implemented in-game as of yet, referring chiefly to the recent release of Destiny 2 and the forthcoming release of Call of Duty WWII. NEXT: Are Lootboxes & Microtransactions a Necessary Evil?Stay here with Screen Rant as the debate about microtransactions and Activisions new patent system unfolds.Source: Rolling Stone, Downward Thrust
Tags:
destiny 2
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Chevy Chase has not had a reputation for being a nice guy-- just ask his former Community co-stars. Bill Murray, while being known for having a gentler nature, is no pushover either. There is a reason he gained the nickname "Murricane," after all.Chase allegedly acted somewhat pretentious whenhe returned to the second season of Saturday Night Live to host an episode in 1976. He had left the show to do movies, and the cast reportedly encouraged Murray (Chase's replacement) to confront the funnyman. The fight quickly escalated and fists were thrown. Though the best hit probably came from Murray's verbal insult, as he called Chase "medium-talent."The fight was broken up by Murray's brother, and the celebs have made up since then. Thank goodness too, because Caddyshack wouldn't have been the same without them. Murray also had a fight with Lucy Liu on the set of Charlies Angels. It is uncertain whether it got physical or not due to conflicting reports. The Murricane indeed.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
While no one seriously expects Sylvester Stallone or Arnold Schwarzenegger to compete with their action movie characters John Rambo and Colonel John Matrix in real life, most of us have wondered how much of the toughness the actors display on screen is for real. In this article we list some of the movie tough guys who impressed us as tough in real life and others who are only tough on screen.For the purpose of this list, we assume that readers are already familiar with famous names such as Bruce Lee, Chuck Norris, Arnold Schwarzenegger and Clint Eastwood, so we don't include them.More stars have recently taken up training in the martial arts. Jessica Biel, Naomi Watts, and Ashton Kutcher, for example, have received training. Katheryn Winnick and Sarah Michelle Gellar hold black belts in Taekwondo, and Ed O’Neil holds a black belt in jiu-jitsu.While we acknowledge that it takes a lot of discipline to achieve proficiency in the martial arts, we de-emphasize the mere fact of formal training and focus instead on actors who may not have training but showed exceptional courage in real-life situations.The inclusion of the name of an actor on our list of those who are only tough on screen is not meant to suggest the actor is a wimp. It only shows that actors who portray tough guys are human like the rest of us.Here are 13 Actors Who Are Legitimate Tough Guys And 12 Who Are Only Tough On Screen.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewSir Christopher Lee (1922-2015) holds the Guinness World Record for most film acting roles, having appeared in more than 240  movies since his debut in 1946. He played major villain roles, such as Count Dracula in the Hammer Horror movies, Count Dooku in the Star Wars prequel trilogy, Francisco Scaramanga in The Man with the Golden Gun, and the Middle-Earth wizard Saruman in The Lord of the Rings (2001-2003) and The Hobbit Trilogies (2012-2014).Although some researchers later refuted claims that he served during World War II in the British SAS and SOE, there was never any need to embellish his service record because he served meritoriously in North Africa and Italy as an RAF pilot officer. He even took time off in the middle of war to climb the dangerous volcano Mount Vesuvius, which erupted only days after he had climbed it.Actor Mark Sinclair, better known as Vin Diesel, has portrayed some of the toughest movie characters ever, such as Dominic Toretto in the Fast and Furious series, Richard Riddick in The Chronicles of Riddick series, and Xander Cage in the xXx series.Although his onscreen characters tend to be very tough guys, Diesel does not hide the fact that he is not a tough guy in real life. He describes himself as a nerdy guy whose only experience of action outside the film set is through role-playing games, such as Dungeons and Dragons. Diesel admitted that he spends practically all his spare time playing RPGs, and that besides Dungeons and Dragons, he loves playing the World of Warcraft.He is not afraid to show his emotional side in public. Fans were moved to see him openly grieving the passing of Paul Walker in 2013.Mickey Rourke started off as a boxer after graduating from high school in 1971, winning his first match as a bantamweight boxer at the age of 12. He trained at the 5th Street Gym in Miami Beach and joined the Police Athletic League.He left amateur boxing in 1973, with a record of 27 wins and only 3 losses. He went into acting and, during the 1980s, he appeared in several films, including Diner (1982), Rumble Fish (1983) and Angel Heart (1987).He returned to boxing in 1991 to start a professional career, but retired in 1994, undefeated in eight fights. He resumed his acting career and won a Golden Globe in 2009, a BAFTA award, and a nomination for an Academy Award for his role in The Wrestler (2008). He also appeared in Iron Man 2 (2010) and The Expendables (2010).Actor Hugh Jackman is best known for playing the ferocious adamantium enhanced mutant Wolverine in the X-Men movie series. His convincing portrayal of the character makes it difficult to imagine him in real life as being unlike the fierce but troubled character he portrays on the screen. Fans therefore tend to be taken aback when they see Jackman singing and dancing in Broadway musicals, and playing roles in romantic comedies.Jackman doesn't pretend to be a tough guy in real life. He is a devout Christian and a gentleman. People who have met him often gush about how "incredibly nice" he is.Jackman once wet his pants while playing Gaston in a production of Beauty and the Beast. He hadn’t been feeling well and had taken a lot of water to fight dehydration. He recalled the embarrassing moment the audience began laughing when they saw him wetting his pants.Danny Trejo had a very rough upbringing. He wanted to become a professional boxer but ended up becoming an addict and spent 10 years in prison for crimes. While serving his sentence in San Quentin, he honed his boxing skills.After leaving prison and completing a rehabilitation program, he was offered a minor role in the movie Runaway Train (1985). However, the screenwriter, who had known him at San Quentin and was aware of boxing skills, hired him to train the actors for the action scenes.While training Eric Roberts for his role, the director noticed him and offered him a more prominent role. The role gave him the exposure he needed to start an acting career and, because of his tough appearance, he quickly became the go-to actor for hardened roles.Sylvester Stallone first came to prominence as Rocky Balboa in the Rocky film series and later played the super-soldier John Rambo in the Rambo series. Widely shared anecdotes suggest that while he tries to live up to his onscreen tough guy image, he isn't much tougher than the average joe.Once, while auditioning for a role in Rocky III, the heavyweight boxer Earnie Shavers had to spar with Stallone. Although Shavers did not want to hurt Stallone, he was forced to hit a little harder when it appeared that Stallone was unimpressed with his effort.Stallone doubled up and rushed to the bathroom where he was heard vomiting for several minutes. He later said that Shavers "nearly killed" him. In a separate incident, Dolph Lundgren (see below) sent Stallone to the hospital for days with only one punch.Swedish actor Hans "Dolph" Lundgren is a mixed martial arts expert who holds a third dan back belt in Kyokushin Karate and was the former European Karate champion (1980-1981). He holds a degree in chemical engineering from the Royal Institute of Technology (Stockholm) and a master's degree in the same disciple from the University of Sydney.He met actress Grace Jones in Sydney and came to the U.S. in 1983 after being awarded a Fulbright Scholarship. But he left MIT and joined Jones in NYC where he worked as a bouncer at The Limelight, a Manhattan nightclub. Jones helped him to obtain a minor role in the James Bond movie A View to a Kill (1985).He got his breakthrough when he landed the role of Ivan Drago in Rocky IV (1985). He went on to star in several films, portraying tough fighting characters.Despite his tough guy roles as Simon Templar in The Saint (TV series 1962-1969) and as James Bond in the 007 series (1973-1985), Sir Roger Moore (1927-2017) was known to be scared of handling firearms in real life. This would come as a surprise to fans who have watched him handle guns with seeming expertise in movies such as Live and Let Die (1973), The Spy Who Love Me (1977), and For Your Eyes Only (1981).Moore's firearms phobia -- hoplophobia -- dated back to his youth when he served in the military. Once while handling a gun, it exploded in his hands, leaving him temporarily deaf. The incident caused him to develop a fear of guns which he struggled for years to overcome. Some claim they’ve seen Moore fearfully shutting his eyes as he prepared to fire his weapon in some of his movie scenes.Steve Buscemi worked for some years as a firefighter in the 1980s before he became a successful actor. He has been portrayed more often in movies as a spineless villain than a tough guy, but it turns out that the real-life Buscemi is a hero. He showed courage and selflessness when he volunteered to work with his former firefighter colleagues in NYC after the 9/11 attacks. He spent more than 12 hours daily for several days helping with rescue efforts under dangerous conditions.Many people were not aware of Buscemi's involvement in the efforts to rescue people trapped in debris and rubble after the terrorist attacks only because he avoided talking to the media about it. When he was later asked why he joined the firefighters and risked his health and life in the forefront of rescue efforts, he answered that he only wanted to help his "brothers."Steven Seagal holds a 7th dan black belt in Aikido. Nobody disputes his martial arts expertise, but going by the testimony of multiple independent sources, Seagal may not be as tough as he appears in the moviesIvan "Judo" Gene LeBell, a martial arts expert who holds a 9th dan in jujitsu and taihojutsu, claimed some years ago that after Seagal bragged that no one could choke him out, he put him in a choke hold until he lost consciousness and soiled his pants. Seagal denied the story, describing LeBell as out of his mind, but LeBell insisted he was speaking the truth and many believed him.Several other people, including John Leguizamo, have told stories of personal encounters with Seagal that create a pattern suggesting he is not popular among people who have worked with him due to his tendency to be overbearing and to bully people.Sean Bean, best known for his role as Ned Stark in Game of Thrones, has the reputation of being a tough guy in real life. In 2012, while hanging out at a bar in London, someone made a smutty comment about his date. Bean confronted the man who left and returned later. He tried to stab Bean with a shard of glass, but he blocked it with his forearm.Bean later walked calmly into the bar and asked for the first aid kit. He dressed up his wound and returned to his drink although the bar workers offered to call an ambulance. However, Bean would not have his night ruined by something as ordinary as a gash in the arm. The bar workers said they were not surprised by his reaction. He was a regular at the bar and they already knew he was a tough guy.Liam Neeson has played so many tough guy movie roles that he is sometimes described as one of the toughest "tough guys in cinema history." He appeared as Bryan Mills in Taken franchise, as Ra’s al Ghul in Batman Begins (2005), as Darkman in Darkman (1995), and as Qui-Gon Jinn in The Phantom Menace (1999).People who have worked with Neeson all agree that he is a very nice and decent man, this being one of the greatest qualities of real manhood. He once admitted that despite his onscreen tough guy image, he suffers an intense fear of heights. In his own admission, you don't need to take him to the top of a building or ask him to climb up a few rungs of a ladder to bring out his terror of heights. You only need to ask him to stand on a chair to change a light bulb.Judo and mixed martial arts practitioner Ronda Rousey became the UFC Bantamweight Champion in February 2013 after joining from Strikeforce and went on an epic run with the belt. Before becoming a professional MMA fighter she had won a gold medal at the 2004 World Junior Judo Championship in Budapest. She became the first U.S. female athlete to win an Olympic medal in judo when she won a bronze at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.She made her amateur debut in mixed martial arts in 2010 and never lost a fight until she lost to Holly Holm in November 2015.She made her film debut in 2014 in The Expendables 3 (2014) and later appeared in Furious 7 (2015).Harrison Ford, beloved for his role as Han Solo in Star Wars and as Indiana Jones, will rank high on any list of tough guy actors. His willingness to fly risky search and rescue missions and his refusal to give up flying after barely escaping with his life in a number of crashes also suggests he is a tough guy in real life.However, the last that anyone would expect of a tough guy is a terror of doing something as commonplace as giving a speech or an interview before a live studio audience. Ford has publicly admitted that his "fear of people" forced him to avoid the talk show circuit for years. It's a totally understand fear and one that makes sense when you look at his past, but it's just pretty surprising for someone like Ford.Michael Jai White is a native of Brooklyn, who made his debut in Toxic Avenger II. He is as much a tough guy in real life as he is on screen. He holds black belts in seven karate disciplines, including Shotokan, Taekwondo, Tang Soo Do, Goju Ryu, and Kyokushin. He has won more than 25 martial arts titles, including the North American and U.S. Open titles.He starred as Al Simmons in Spawn (1997) and played the role of Marcus Williams in Why Did I Get Married? (2007) and Why Did I Get Married Too? (2010). He also appeared in Mortal Kombat: Legacy as Jax Briggs, and portrayed Mike Tyson in the HBO movie Tyson (1995). All in all, he's every bit as tough as he looks on-screen.Ben Affleck is known at the moment for his role as Batman in the DC Extended Universe. He has also starred in many action movies, such as The Accountant (2016) and Live By Night (2016).However, many fans will be surprised to learn that despite playing the role of Gotham City's gliding crusader, Affleck has a fear of flying. But his fear of flying is understandable. It stems from a terrifying experience he had as a 9-year-old traveling alone by air to Washington D.C. The plane in which he was flying was suddenly hit by lightning and caught fire.However, Affleck has managed, despite his fear of flying, to successfully play his role as Batman. He played Batman in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (2016) and in Justice League (2017). His role as Batman involves considerable aerial action, such as gliding stealthily in the air and dropping unexpectedly on villains, and flying his Batplane.Before his acting career, Audie Leon Murphy (1925-1971) served in the U.S. Army and saw action in North Africa, Italy and France. After being initially rejected for enlistment in 1941, he finally joined the Army in 1942, at the age of 17, and went on to become one of the most decorated combat soldiers of World War II, receiving practically every available U.S. Army award for valor.He received the Medal of Honor at the age of 19 after he climbed alone into a burning tank and exchanged machine gun fire with a company of German troops, while his company retreated.He became an actor after the war and appeared in more than 40 movies between 1948 and 1969.Marion Mitchell Morrison (1907-1979), better known as John Wayne, was the quintessential movie tough guy who built a reputation of rugged masculinity through swaggering cowboy and frontier hero exploits on screen. But the truth about Wayne in real-life led some writers to describe the public image he cultivated as a "living lie."According to the biographer Scott Eyman, author of John Wayne: The Life And Legend, Wayne struggled to live up to his tough guy image by hiding the sensitive side of his personality. Although he starred in the World War II movie Sands of Iwo Jima (1949), and won an Oscar for his role portraying acts of bravery by U.S. Marines, he was plagued by a sense of guilt for having avoided military service.James Doohan, who played Scotty in the Star Trek series, served with the Canadian Armed Forces during World War II. He was nicknamed the "Craziest Pilot in the Canadian Air Force" for his wild aerial antics, although he flew only as an artillery spotter and was actually never a member of the Air Force. Doohan once performed a dangerous stunt in a Taylorcraft Auster Mark IV, which involved meandering through a line of telephone poles only because someone dared him.He served with the 14th Field Artillery Regiment of the 3rd Canadian Infantry Division and participated in the D-Day landing at Normandy. He killed two Nazi snipers while leading his platoon up the mined beaches, but later came under "friendly fire" and got shot six times. He lost the middle finger of his right hand as a result. Doohan took care to hide the amputation on the Star Trek TV series.Although Robert de Niro built his acting career around portraying tough guys on screen, he really isn't a tough guy in real life. His convincing portrayal of iconic mobster characters, such as Don Vitto Corleone in The Godfather (1972), Paul Vitti in Analyze This (1999), and hardened criminals, such as Max Cady in Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear (1991), was due to his skills as an actor.The closest that de Niro ever came to being a gangster in real life was when he joined a New York "street gang" as a teenager. However, the "street gang" was only a group of adventurous youngsters who often got involved in wild escapades that only proved tiresome distraction to busy law enforcement officers. De Niro's friends and personal acquaintances have admitted that he is a passionate, hardworking man with a sober demeanor in real life. He is also somewhat reclusive and enjoys outdoor activity.Jimmy Stewart (1908-1997) is one of the most respected movie stars in American film history. He is ranked by the American Film Institute, alongside Humphrey Bogart and Cary Grant, as among the greatest American actors ever. Stewart was already a film legend by the time his military career took off in 1941. He fought in World War II and served during the Vietnam War. He was a highly decorated war hero, rising to the rank of a USAF Reserve Brigadier General.It is widely recognized that Stewart could easily have avoided active service in World War II, but he joined the Air Corps in 1941, and despite the reluctance of his superiors to let him risk his life as a military pilot, he insisted that he wanted to go on combat missions. He served as a squadron leader and led his men in bombing raids over Germany.Tom Hardy has played many rugged tough guy roles in movies such as Bronson (2008), Warrior (2011), The Dark Knight Rises (2012), The Revenant (2015), and Mad Max: Fury Road (2015). But he admitted in a 2014 interview with Esquire magazine that despite his tough guy movie image, he is not tough in real life. According to Hardy, he only tries to "mimic" being tough on screen to fulfill his movie roles.He talked frankly about his insecurities in real life, saying that he struggled for years with his fear of going to the gym to work out with bigger and stronger men. He admitted that he felt intimidated by real-life tough men and that he compensated in his movies by imitating them, and playing the tough guy role convincingly. He emphasized that his tough guy image on screen was only "mimicry" and not reality. We commend his honesty!Although he is best known for his role as the paunchy dad in TV sitcoms such Married.... with Children (1986-1997), and Modern Family (2009-), Ed O'Neill was a capable athlete in his high school days and won a football scholarship to Ohio University. He later moved to Youngstown State University where he played as a defensive lineman. He wanted to become a professional football player but was unable to fulfill his dream, so he turned to acting.O'Neil holds a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ). He was reportedly introduced to BJJ by his friend, director John Milius. He studied BJJ for 22 years under Grand Master Rorion Gracie before he received his black belt in December 2007. He said in the documentary film I Am Bruce Lee (2012) that his black belt was the greatest achievement of his life after his children.Actor Matt Damon played the hard-boiled CIA assassin Jason Bourne in the Bourne action movie series (2002-2016), appeared as Texas Ranger LaBoeuf in True Grit (2010), and as astronaut Mark Watney in The Martian (2005). However, he does not try to live up to his tough guy onscreen image in real life and his admitted that in interviews.Damon has a passion for promoting humanitarian and charitable projects. He is involved in several charities, including Feeding America, Water.org, H2O Africa Foundation, and ONEXONE Campaign. He co-founded Not On Our Watch Project, an organization that campaigns to prevent human rights violation in war-ravaged regions, such as Darfur.Mark Wahlberg was born and raised in a tough Dorchester neighborhood in Boston, Massachusetts, and as early as 13, he was selling and using illegal substances. By 15, he was well known to the Boston police as a vicious hooligan. He was charged with violent crimes and sentenced to 2 months in prison, but served only 45 days. He later expressed regret for his actions and in 2016, he apologized to the victim.After a stint as a singer and rapper, he settled down into acting. He appeared in The Substitute (1996) and in Renaissance Man (1994). As part of preparation for his role in Shoot (2007), Wahlberg was required to take shooting lessons. His trainers were amazed when he was able to hit a target at 1100 yards on the second of day of training, instead of weeks.--Have we missed any actor who is a legitimate tough guy or any who is tough only on screen? Let us know in the comments below.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
We've all had to deal with classmates/co-workers/people that we don't like. It's part of being a living, breathing human being. Clashes of personality are bound to happen. This is just as true in the glamorous world of showbusiness. While smiling stars on their latest press junket will tell you that working on their newest movie was a lot of fun and praise their co-stars, we know that realistically, it can't always be all sunshine and rainbows.In fact, some actors have had some epic mud-slinging feuds, with the media in the middle all too eager to give us the latest updates. These grudges, while entertaining to watch from the sidelines, can get genuinely personal and legitimately nasty. With all that in mind, we decided to trawl through the Bumper Book of Celebrity Beefs (not a real publication, unfortunately) and present you with the 15 Actors/Actresses Who Refuse To Work Together.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThere's a moment in the first Iron Man movie where the likeable Rhodey (Terrence Howard) sees a shiny silver Iron Man suit hung up. He considers putting it on for a moment, but instead says “Next time, baby” and walks away. However, as anyone with even the slightest passing knowledge of the MCU will know, that time never came for Howard, who was unceremoniously dumped from the franchise and replaced with Don Cheadle in the sequel.We don't know all the details about Howard's departure from the series, but according to the actor, RDJ may have had something to do with it, indirectly at the very least. He was originally signed to do three films, but Marvel offered a dramatic cut in salary in order to bankroll RDJ's hefty pay increase for Iron Man 2. Howard balked at the offer, and Don Cheadle was brought in to suit up instead. There's been no real comment on the issue from Downey Jr., but Howard still seems bitter about how things went down, and it's unlikely that they'll be teaming up for any future projects.On paper, you probably couldn't get much more differing personalities than Jim Carrey and Tommy Lee Jones. While most people regard Joel Schumacher's neon nightmare Batman Forever as a low point for the Caped Crusader, it at least appeared that the actors were having fun, even if audiences weren't. The Riddler and Two-Face may have become BFFs in an attempt to defeat the Dark Knight in the movie, but off-screen was a different story altogether.When Jim Carrey appeared on The Howard Stern Show, he recounted one time he went into the same restaurant as Jones during filming. As the pair were shooting the big Riddler lair sequence the next day, Carrey went over to say hi. To quote Carrey “the blood drained from his face in such a way that I realized that I had become the face of his pain or something. And he got kind of shaking and hugged me and said, 'I hate you. I really don't like you.' And I was like, 'Wow, okay, what's going on, man?' And he said, 'I cannot sanction your buffoonery.'" Ouch.To put in mildly, Nick Nolte and Julia Roberts didn't see eye-to-eye while working on the romcom I Love Trouble. Things got so bad, production was apparently affected by the co-stars' hatred for each other, with rumors of the two actors insisting on filming their scenes separately and using stand-ins for their scenes together.When asked her opinion on Nolte in an interview with the New York Times, Roberts didn't mince her words, commenting that whilst Nolte could be “charming and nice”, he was also “completely disgusting”. Nolte later shot back at Roberts, quoted as saying that “It’s not nice to call someone ‘disgusting.’ But she’s not a nice person. Everyone knows that." Since then, Nolte has called I Love Trouble the worst film he's ever appeared in, and that he felt he “sold his soul” by doing it. Meanwhile, Julia Roberts called Nolte the worst actor she's ever worked with. With such barbs thrown back and forth, we're probably not going to be seeing a Nolte/Roberts project in the works any time soon.To prepare for his role as a junkie in City By The Sea, James Franco went full method and slept on the streets to get him in the required mindset. He brought his process to Annapolis, but by his own admission, probably went too far with it. In the movie, Franco plays a new naval recruit who is entered in a midshipman boxing tournament called The Brigades, where he eventually faces his commanding officer Matthew Cole (Tyrese Gibson). Both men got into fighting shape, but Franco apparently overstepped the line.During the filming of the climactic fight, Franco didn't pull his punches, something which Tyrese Gibson understandably took exception to. In a later interview, Gibson stated “Whenever we'd have to get in the ring for boxing scenes, and even during practice, the dude was full-on hitting me. I was always like, "James, lighten up, man. We're just practicing." He never lightened up.” In a 2007 interview with Playboy, Gibson was quoted as saying “I never want to work with him again, and I’m sure he feels the same way. It felt very personal. It was f**ked-up.” You can't get much clearer than that.Cult supernatural witch 'em up Charmed underwent a drastic change at the end of its third season when it killed off Prue Halliwell (Shannen Doherty) and brought in a new lead for the fourth season in the form of Rose McGowan's Paige Matthews. Rumors started swirling after Doherty's departure, and most of them were focused on the apparent on-set tensions between the three main stars.According to Doherty, her friction with Alyssa Milano in particular was a major contributing factor to her quitting the show. Milano and co-star Holly Marie Combs had been friends for a long time prior to filming, and it apparently all got a bit too much like high school for Doherty, with their cliquey behavior alienating her. The pair have apparently started to reconcile their differences recently, with Alyssa Milano extending an olive branch, contacting her former co-star with messages of support during Doherty's recent battle with breast cancer.Bill Murray seems like a chilled-out kind of guy. However, when he's on set, he's apparently all business, and hecan be quite critical if things don't run smoothly. Case in point, Charlie's Angels, the 2000 blockbuster remake of the iconic '70s TV show. Murray played Bosley, the assistant to the mysterious Charlie, the millionaire who bankrolls all of the Angels' (Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz and Lucy Liu) super-sleuthing.If certain sources are to be believed, Murray's dislike of Lucy Liu's acting got to the point where he stopped a scene and went to each of the “Angels” in turn: “I get why you’re here, and you’ve got talent….but what in the hell are you (referring to Liu) doing here. You can’t act!” Apparently, this enraged Liu and the actress attacked him, with the two having to be separated by the crew. Whether this is actually how it went down is up for debate, but the fact that Bernie Mac replaced Murray in the sequel does lend credence to the theory that Bill and Lucy didn't get along.This one stands out, as it's the only one in which the police had to be called. LL Cool J and Jamie Foxx worked together on Oliver Stone's football drama Any Given Sunday. While they were meant to play rivals, things soon went spectacularly off script. Reports vary, but apparently, LL Cool J punched Foxx in his helmeted face without warning and struck him on the back of the head when he starting walking away. Foxx then turned around and socked him square in the face in retaliation. Local law enforcement was called, but no charges were filed.However, the beef didn't stop there. On his 2000 album G.O.A.T., LL Cool J sniped at Foxx again on the track "U Can't F*ck With Me," which contains the lyrics “Once and for all / What’s my opinion on Jamie Foxx? / He’s a p*ssy / P*ssy ain’t as funny as Chris Rock /” In his stand-up show I Might Need Security, Foxx detailed the incident, joking that Mr. Cool James didn't know the difference between real life and acting. The pair have since buried the hatchet, but their rivalry earns its place in the Hall of Hollywood Beefs.In what seems like a lifetime ago, Charlie “Tiger Blood” Sheen was fired from the popular sitcom Two and a Half Men and started making eyebrow-raising media appearances, hitting headline news over his antics. Sheen then fell into another sitcom role in Anger Management, where he played Charlie Goodson, an ex-baseball player with rage issues. Inspired by his therapist, Dr. Kate Wales (Selma Blair), he decides to go back to school and become a therapist himself. Cue laugh track.The drama allegedly began when Blair criticized Sheen's professionalism and work ethic to the show's executives. Upon hearing this, it's alleged that Sheen fired the actress and gave the higher-ups an ultimatum – if Selma turned up to work on Monday, he would quit the show. After Blair's departure, more details came out about the situation, with Sheen apparently firing Blair with a sweary text. Blair would later threaten legal action, but nothing came of it.You'd struggle to find many more beloved '90s sitcoms than The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. Not only did it showcase future megastar Will Smith's talents, but it also had a brilliant supporting cast, from Alfonso Ribeiro as the nerdy Carlton, James Avery as the peerless Uncle Phil, and Karyn Parsons as spoiled rich girl Hilary. However, the matriarch of the Banks family, Vivian, was originally played by Janet Hubert, who lasted for three seasons before being replaced by Daphne Maxwell-Reid.The reason for this? Apparently, Hubert was difficult to work with on set. In a Q&A, Alfonso Ribeiro simply stated that “she went nuts”. Will Smith commented on the issue back in 1993, “I can say straight up that Janet Hubert wanted the show to be 'The Aunt Viv of Bel Air Show' because I know she is going to dog me in the press”. Hubert also downplayed the repeated rumors of a reunion, jabbing at the recent photo of the cast hanging out by saying “there will never be a true reunion of the Fresh Prince,' and that she has “no interest in seeing any of these people on that kind of level.”Bruce Willis and Kevin Smith acted together in Live Free or Die Hard, where Smith played a hacker known as “Warlock” who helps John McClane track down cyber-terrorist Thomas Gabriel (Timothy Olyphant). Smith apparently impressed Willis when the Clerks writer/director/actor did some uncredited work on the script, rewriting chunks of dialogue. This led to the two working together on Cop Out, which proved to be a challenge for both men.Apparently, things didn't go smoothly on the Cop Out set. Smith criticized Willis' attitude and later called him “the unhappiest, most bitter, and meanest emo-bitch I’ve ever met at any job I’ve held down.” and remarked that he wouldn't even pose for the movie poster. An unnamed talent representative for the production commented on Smith smoking too much pot on set and generally leaving the actors with little to work with. Never at a loss for words, Smith pointed out that he delivered the movie on time and under budget. We may never know what exactly happened, but at least we got a good movie out of it right? Oh.Richard Gere and Sly Stallone were originally slated to appear in 1974 movie The Lords of Flatbush together, but apparently disliked each other so much that Gere was fired from the production several weeks into shooting. According to an interview with Ain't It Cool News in 2006, their beef actually started over some chicken.Stallone stated that tempers were already flaring before one fateful lunch break, where things reached boiling point: “We were rehearsing at Coney Island and it was lunchtime, so we decided to take a break, and the only place that was warm was in the backseat of a Toyota. I was eating a hotdog and he climbs in with a half a chicken covered in mustard with grease nearly dripping out of the aluminum wrapper. I said, 'That thing is going to drip all over the place.' He said, 'Don’t worry about it.' I said, 'If it gets on my pants you’re gonna know about it.' He proceeds to bite into the chicken and a small, greasy river of mustard lands on my thigh. I elbowed him in the side of the head and basically pushed him out of the car.”Gere was fired soon after and replaced with actor Perry King. There are even rumors that Stallone started the infamous “gerbil” urban legend about Gere, which he denies, although Gere apparently believes him to be the culprit.Fresh off the success of Basic Instinct, work soon began on Sliver, an erotic thriller that reteamed Sharon Stone with screenwriter Joe Eszterhas. The movie had a troubled production, including a major battle with the MPAA over the film's rating, but perhaps the biggest problem was the fact that Sharon Stone and her on-screen lover William Baldwin hated each other. That's a massive issue when your movie is primarily about lust and attraction.There are tons of rumors as to the extent of their feud, but one of the most persistent allegations is that Stone bit Baldwin's tongue so hard during a love scene that it rendered him unable to speak properly for a week (the number of days reported varies, but it's still a vicious thing to do). To cap it all off, the film was critically panned. Don't expect a reunion pic to pop up on Instagram any time soon.Actor and director Roman Polanski may have made some great movies, but reports about his personal life leave a lot to be desired. Apparently, one of his many questionable traits is that, as a director, he rules with an iron fist. While filming Chinatown, Dunaway asked for clarification regarding her character's motivation, to which Polanski replied “Say the f*cking words. Your salary is your motivation!”Dunaway would later get her revenge when she was denied a request for a bathroom break. She confronted the director and allegedly threw a coffee cup of urine in his face. You know things have gotten personal when bodily fluids are involved.With all of this on-set drama, it's a miracle that Chinatown turned out as good as it did. Faye Dunaway has since declined to talk about the truth behind the incidents in interviews, and even shut one journalist down in 2008 when he tried to press the issue, angrily retorting “I think you've brought up something that is so distasteful...you know very well, I am a lady and you were completely insulting.” That's not exactly a “no”, is it?Debra Winger and Shirley MacLaine played a mother and daughter in the 1983 tearjerker classic Terms of Endearment, but in real life, they were anything but friendly towards each other. Many of the stories have to do with Winger's drug addiction at the time, which caused her to be erratic on set and clash with her coworkers.One infamous story is that Winger became tired of MacLaine's stuffy attitude, lifted up her skirt and, ahem...broke wind right in her face. Things reached a peak when both actresses were nominated for Best Actress at the glitzy 56th Academy Awards for their roles in the movie. MacLaine ended up walking away with the gold, memorably closing her genuinely funny winner's speech with “I deserve this, thank you!” Their feud lasted far beyond the one movie, and since then, Debra Winger has made no secret of her continued dislike for MacLaine in her infrequent media appearances.We couldn't have a Hollywood feud list without talking about one of the most legendary rivalries to ever hit Tinseltown. In case you weren't aware of this epic grudge match, both Joan Crawford and Bette Davis were two of Hollywood's most glamorous leading ladies in the 1930s and '40s. They socialized in the same circles and ended up fighting over actor Franchot Tote, whom Davis had worked with on a movie called Dangerous and fallen for. Crawford knew this and seduced Tote, and the pair ended up married for several years.They ended up working together at Warner Brothers and their rivalry worsened, taking to the press to dig at each other with deeply personal remarks. Despite all this, the pair worked together on What Ever Happened To Baby Jane?, but continued to fight, indulging in some unbelievable shade-throwing. At the time of filming, Crawford was married to the CEO of Pepsi, so naturally, Davis made sure that a Coca-Cola machine was installed in Crawford's dressing room. In a scene where Davis has to drag her character Blanche out of bed, Crawford wore a lead weightlifter's belt hidden under her costume. Davis, who already suffered from back problems, reportedly ended the scene in agony, with an amused Crawford looking on.This beef was so strong even Crawford's untimely death in 1977 didn't quell Davis' hatred for her, with Bette reportedly quipping “You should never say bad things about the dead, only good… Joan Crawford is dead. Good.” Damn, that's cold.--What other well-known Hollywood hotshots refuse to work together? Let us know in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Although it’s been sixteen years since the release of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone, author J.K. Rowling has kept the magic alive with Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Both the films and books have captivated Potterheads for years, and Rowling plans on continuing the movie tradition with the upcoming Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 2. In retrospect, we’d like to take a closer look at some of the actors and actresses who were initially considered for roles in the eight film installments of Harry Potter. With a range of talented artists on this list, we’ve included comedic actors like Robin Williams and more obscure names like Liam Aiken. In some cases, several of these actors and actresses weren’t necessarily chosen for their first role in the wizarding world, but they joined the community in other roles. Surprisingly enough, even author J.K. Rowling was given a shot at a major role in the Harry Potter films. Rowling might have turned it down, but she certainly has her plate full with finishing up work on the Fantastic Beasts 2 script and casting for teenage roles.Here are 18 Actors Who ALMOST Starred In Harry Potter.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIf the name "Hatty Jones" doesn’t sound familiar, no worries! We’ll fill you on the details, and how she almost starred as a major character in the Harry Potter series. Jones was first initially in the running for the role of everyone’s favorite bookworm in the Wizarding World—Hermione Granger. For her debut role, Jones snagged the starring role of Madeline in the live-action film based on the children’s novel. Although the character is originally a redhead, the directors decided to go with Jones (who is a blonde) because of her enthusiasm and earnestness. Jones was certainly in the running to star as Hermione Granger, however many of the producers felt that she was slightly too old for the role. Today, it’s hard to imagine anyone else but actress Emma Watson as Hermione Granger. For Jones, Madeline is her only film to date, and after that, she has worked on some short films and television roles. Watson has had a banner year, starring in Disney’s recent live-action adaptation of Beauty and the Beast, and alongside Tom Hanks and John Boyega for the sci-fi thriller, The Circle. Actress Kate Winslet is known for her starring roles in epic films like Titanic and successful indie darlings like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Believe it or not, Winslet was also in the running for a minor role in the Harry Potter film series. Initially, Winslet was rumored to be one of the choices for the role of Helena Ravenclaw, head of the House Ravenclaw. In the end, the role went to Scottish actress Kelly Macdonald.  After starring in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, Macdonald went on to voice Merida in Disney's animated film, Brave.  Macdonald also starred in Anna Karenina, Special Correspondents, and T2 Trainspotting. Next up, she will appear in Goodbye Christopher Robin, Puzzle, and Holmes and Watson.In Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Richard Harris was the first actor cast for Albus Dumbledore, but there were other actors that were initially considered for the famous role. The illustrious actor Peter O'Toole was also considered to play Dumbledore. Sadly, Richard Harris passed away in 2002, after the completion of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.O'Toole is most well known for his iconic role as T.E. Lawrence in the classic film, Lawrence of Arabia, along with his role as Henry II in The Lion in Winter, Reginald Johnston in The Last Emperor and Anton Ego in Ratatouille. In 2012, O'Toole died at the age of 81 in London. Sir Michael Gambon was cast as Albus Dumbledore for the remainder of the Harry Potter films.Actor Billy Connolly was another actor considered for the role of Xenophilius Lovegood, father of Hogwarts alum Luna Lovegood. Actor Billy Connolly is also known for his work as Il Duce in The Boondock Saints, Barry Kolker from White Oleanderm, and Zebulon Gant in The Last Samurai. Originally from Glasgow, Scotland, Conolly might have been looked over for his role in Harry Potter, but he has also worked on other projects like A Series of Unfortunate Events, The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day, and What We Did on Our Holiday. In 2014, Connolly starred as Dain in The Hobbit: The Battle of Five Armies. Most recently, Connolly can be found playing Chandler in last year's Wild Oats. Instead, actor Rhys Ifans was selected for the role of Luna Lovegood's father in the Harry Potter films. Ifans has starred in films like Notting Hill, Mr. Nobody, Anonymous, and The Amazing Spider-Man.Originally born in London, England, actress Helen McCrory might have intended on another role in the Harry Potter films, but she was initially sought after for another role altogether. McCrory was initially in the running for a chance to star as the villainous Bellatrix Lestrange. Instead, actress Helena Bonham Carter portrayed the sinister Bellatrix Lestrange. Carter continued to reprise her roles for the remainder of the film series. In 2014, Carter also starred as Bellatrix Lestrange for a film created for the Harry Potter theme park in Universal Studios. However, McCrory did join the wizarding world when she landed the role of Narcissa Malfoy. Acting as Draco Malfoy’s mother, McCrory first appeared in the Harry Potter films with a role in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.British actor Ray Winstone is often remembered for his roles like Mr. French in The Departed. Although he didn't end up winning the role of Alastor "Mad Eye” Moody, he has taken on roles like Uncle Claude in Hugo, Mac in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and Tubal-cain in Noah. Instead, actor Brendan Gleeson was finally selected for the role. His first onscreen debut was in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire in 2005, and he later reprised his role for Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix in 2007. Gleeson was last seen as Mad Eye Moody in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part I, which was released in 2010. Although many fans might assume that was the last time Gleeson dove into the wizarding world, he actually made one other appearance. In 2014, Gleeson reprised his role for a short film called The Hogwarts Express, which plays exclusively at the Harry Potter theme park in Universal Studios.Originally from London, England, Jamie Campbell Bower was in the running for a shot at playing young Tom Riddle in the Harry Potter series. Bowers' film debut was his role as Anthony in Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street. Although some of the other actors and actresses were out of the running because of their nationalities, Bower is British and seems to fit the bill. Instead, actor Frank Dillane was selected for the role of young Tom Riddle in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Bower went on to star in The Twilight Saga: New Moon as Caius. In 2010, he finally joined the wizarding world in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 as young Gellert Grindelwald. At the time, it is unconfirmed if  Bower will make an appearance in the upcoming Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 2.At first glance, you might assume that actor Tim Roth would definitely be able to score a role in the Harry Potter films because he's British, but actor Alan Rickman landed the role of Severus Snape in the film adaptations of Harry Potter. Roth is best known for roles like Pumpkin in Pulp Fiction and Mr. Orange in Reservoir Dogs. Although Roth wasn't selected for Harry Potter, he went on to star in Planet of the Apes, The Incredible Hulk, and The Hateful Eight.For die hard Harry Potter fans, it might be nigh impossible to imagine anyone else besides Alan Rickman playing Snape in the on screen adaptations of the beloved book series. Rickman starred as Professor Severus Snape from the first film, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, up until the series' conclusion with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 in 2011. Rickman also starred in Lee Daniels' The Butler, CBGB, A Little Chaos and Eye in the Sky. Last year, fans could hear his voice as Absolem in Alice Through the Looking Glass. Rickman died in January of last year due to a severe battle with cancer.Actor Bob Hoskins might be best remembered for some of his roles in films like Brazil, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, and Hook. Hoskins was also considered for a role in the Harry Potter films as Horace Slughorn, but the role eventually went to Jim Broadbent instead. Hoskins had roles in films like Maid in Manhattan, Beyond the Sea, Unleashed and Stay. Hoskins continued to work with roles in television and film up until his death at age 71 in 2014.Actor Jim Broadbent starred as Professor Horace Slughorn in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, and again reprised his role for Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 in 2011. After his work on Harry Potter was complete, he starred in other films like Cloud Atlas, Paddington, and Bridget Jones's Baby. Broadbent is also slated to star in Game of Thrones season seven, which will officially air in July.Harry Potter fans will instantly recognize actor David Thewlis from his role as Professor Lupin, but in the beginning, he was actually considered to play another Hogwarts professor. Casting directors had eyed Thewlis for a vastly different role as Professor Quirrell in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone. Instead, Thewlis was selected to play the role of Professor Remus Lupin. Thewlis first appeared in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, and continued to play Lupin until Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2. Thewlis has also starred in films such as War Horse, The Theory of Everything, and most recently, Wonder Woman. In the end, actor Ian Hart was selected for the role of the stuttering Professor Quirrell. After appearing in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Hart has continued to pursue roles in television and film. Hart has appeared in films such as Finding Neverland, Dough and Native, and also television series like The Last Kingdom, Boardwalk Empire, and Rogue.Actress Rosamund Pike first got her start with roles on television before making her film debut. In 2002, Pike starred as Miranda Frost in the James Bond tale, Die Another Day. Pike was considered for the role of Rita Skeeter in the Harry Potter films, but the final role was eventually given to actress Miranda Richardson. Pike has also starred in other films like Pride & Prejudice, Doom, An Education, and Gone Girl. Most recently, Pike has starred in the television series Thunderbirds Are Go as the voice for Lady Penelope, and as Lina Heydrich in The Man with the Iron Heart. Actress Miranda Richardson starred as Rita Skeeter in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and again in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1. Richardson later reprised her role for a short film, Harry Potter and the Escape from Gringotts. Directed by Thierry Coup, the short film can be viewed as part of a theme park ride for the Wizarding World at Universal Studios.Although Tilda Swinton was not selected for the role of Professor Trelawney, she has gone on to take on other roles in the fantasy genre. In 2005, Swinton starred as the White Witch in The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe and the subsequent films, Prince Caspian and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Swinton also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Moonrise Kingdom and The Grand Budapest Hotel. Most recently, Swinton can be spotted in Doctor Strange, Okja, and War Machine. In place of Swinton, actress Emma Thompson was selected for the role of Professor Trelawney. After first starring in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Thompson reprised her role for Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix and later Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2. Amusingly enough, actor Hugh Grant was one of the actors who was initially considered to play the pompous role of Gilderoy Lockhart. Grant is well-known for his charismatic personality and charming onscreen presence, specifically with his roles in films like Four Weddings and a Funeral, Notting Hill and About a Boy. Grant might have had the pearly whites, but instead, Irish actor Kenneth Branagh was selected for the final role. After starring in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets as the insufferable Gilderoy Lockhart, Branagh continued to amass credits in television, film and theater. Branagh has starred in films such as Valkyrie, Pirate Radio and My Week with Marilyn. Branagh has also starred in several editions of Branagh Theater Live, and he will appear in films such as Dunkirk and Murder on the Orient Express, set for release later this year.Actress Naomi Watts has certainly come a long way from her first onscreen role as Leo's Girlfriend in For Love Alone back in 1986. Watts was one of the actresses in the running to star as Draco Malfoy's mother, Narcissa Malfoy, in the Harry Potter films. Before the release of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Watts starred as Ann Darrow in King Kong, Dawn Campbell in I Heart Huckabees and Marie Bicke in The Assassination of Richard Nixon.British actress Helen McCrory was selected for the role of Narcissa instead. After her first appearance in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, McCrory also voiced Mrs. Bean in the animated film Fantastic Mr. Fox. After completing work on Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, McCrory starred in Hugo as Mama Jeanne, Skyfall as Clair Dowar MP, and Bill as Queen Elizabeth I. Most recently, you can catch McCrory in the television series Peaky Blinders as Aunt Polly. McCrory is set to star as Emma Banville in an upcoming television series called Fearless, which is currently filming.In preparation for the first film adaptation of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, author J.K. Rowling was presented with the opportunity to play Lily Potter. Rowling would have starred as Lily in a pivotal scene in which Harry sees both of his parents in the Mirror of Erised. However, Rowling turned down the role, stating that she was "not cut out to be an actress because she'd mess-up somehow.”In the end, actress Geraldine Somerville was chosen for the role of Harry Potter's mother, Lily Potter. Originally from Ireland, Somerville maintained her role as Lily Potter for all of the Harry Potter films. Somerville also reprised her role for some voiceover work for a video game for Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. After starring in Harry Potter, Somerville has balanced between film and television roles. Somerville appeared in the film My Week with Marilyn, Grace of Monaco, and The Riot Club. Most recently, Somerville has appeared in Automata, Kids in Love and The Hippopotamus. For television, Somerville has starred in Quirke, New Tricks, Silent Witness and this year's Prime Suspect 1973. Somerville is set to star as Lady O in the upcoming film Goodbye Christopher Robin.For fans of Lord of the Rings and the X-Men films, Sir Ian McKellen will always be known for his roles as Gandalf and Magneto. Surprisingly enough, McKellen almost had the chance to star as Dumbledore in the film adaptations of Harry Potter. According to an interview with Variety, McKellen was asked to play Albus Dumbledore after the original actor Richard Harris passed away back in 2002. In an interview on BBC's HARDtalk, McKellen was reminded of a harsh comment by the late actor, Richard Harris, who called McKellen "technically brilliant, but passionless". “When they called me up and said would I be interested in being in the ‘Harry Potter’ films, they didn’t say in what part. I worked out what they were thinking, and I couldn’t … I couldn’t take over the part from an actor who I’d known didn’t approve of me”. Ultimately, Michael Gambon was cast for the role of Dumbledore, and he continued to portray the wizard until the final Harry Potter film, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2.According to The Guardian, the actor Robin Williams was originally looking forward to assuming the endearing role of Rubeus Hagrid. However, Williams was not selected for the final cut, and instead, actor Robbie Coltrane was chosen. Janet Hirshenson, who was the casting director at the time, has spoken out since her time on set. Hirshenson has said that the producers employed a strict "British-only" rule when it came to the casting. Hirshenson went on to add that Robin Williams had actually called to inquire about the role because he had "really wanted to be in the movie". Instead, Coltrane starred as Hagrid, who was purportedly one of JK Rowling's first choices. Sadly, Williams passed away in 2014 at the age of 63. He is best known for his leading roles in films like Dead Poets Society, Aladdin, Jumanji, and Mrs. Doubtfire.Let's conclude our list with an entry on The Boy Who Lived himself, Mr. Harry Potter. Today, Harry Potter fans all across the globe will instantly think of Daniel Radcliffe, but initially, another actor was actually considered. Although this might be nearly considered the unthinkable, Daniel Radcliffe almost wasn’t selected for his famous role. Young actor Liam Aiken was strongly considered to be selected for the role of Harry. At the time, young Aiken had several film credits to his name, including roles in Montana, Stepmom, and I Dreamed of Africa. However, Aiken was ultimately turned down because he wasn’t British, and the role went to Daniel Radcliffe. Radcliffe was selected out of over forty thousand potential actors, who clamored for a chance to star as the famous wizard.---Can you think of any other actors who might have starred in the Harry Potter films? Let us know in the comments!
Tags:
harry potter
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Close your eyes for a moment and imagine a world that doesn't have Christian Bale playing Batman... okay, that would probably look like the weird and wacky '60s when Adam West was prancing about in gray tights... or maybe the adventurous '80s and '90s when Michael Keaton, Val Kilmer and George Clooney all took turns at slipping into black latex bat suits, a few of which sported nipples.Alright, here's a better example: what about a world in which Robert Downey Jr isn't everyone's favorite walking tin can, Iron Man. A world even crazier than the '60s, in which Tom Cruise plays Tony Stark, Sylvester Stallone is Clark Kent, Edward Furlong is Peter Parker and Bill Murray is Bruce Wayne.It's a world where (speeding) bullets cannot be dodged, and those not-so-super bits of casting are a reality - and lead to even bigger train wrecks than those involving powerful locomotives.Call it Bizarro World if you want, but each of those castings I just mentioned almost came to pass. Along with some other notable near-misses, we here at Screen Rant explore the (sordid) casting history of some of today's hottest superhero franchises:It's obviously hard to fathom now, with RDJ slipping so perfectly into the role of Tony Stark, but it probably seemed ridiculous to some back in early 2007 when it was announced that the once down-on-his-luck Robert Downey Jr would be playing Marvel's suave, self-made superhero, Iron Man.Particularly when - despite a seemingly on-again, off-again relationship - it was long believed that Tom Cruise would not only eventually star as Stark, but also co-produce the character's first foray onto the big screen. Cruise's connection to an Iron Man movie goes back to just after the turn of the century, and intensified after Sam Raimi's Spider-Man helped inject a new lease on life into the superhero genre.Marvel Studios executive Kevin Feige was quoted as saying in 2004:"There have been discussions (with Cruise) over the last several years and there are a number of factors involved. All we know is that we're putting all the pieces in place and then we'll find the best Tony Stark that we can get."Apparently Cruise finally lost interest in being apart of Iron Man due to the script at the time. It is not known whether it was the draft that centered around Stark's father, Howard, turning out to be the villain of the piece. Said Cruise:“I don’t know. It just … they came to me at a certain point and … when I do something, I wanna do it right. If I commit to something, it has to be done in a way that I know it’s gonna be something special. And as it was lining up, it just didn’t feel to me like it was gonna work."Once Marvel settled on a director in Jon Favreau- and a decent script - Favreau overlooked such actors as Clive Owen and Sam Rockwell for the lead role, stating that Downey Jr could make Stark "a likable asshole." And RDJ delivered. Cruise, on the other hand, may have made Stark just an asshole. Sorry Tom.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
To get one thing immediately out of the way, Hugh Jackman being cast as Wolverine is arguably the best casting choice ever made in the history of superhero films. The Australian actor truly embodies the X-Man character in every way except two - height and attractiveness. The actual character is only 5'3 and not a sight for sore eyes, but Jackman is 6'3 of pure manly goodness. It's easy to let those two differences slide. Audiences would much rather see a hunk kick butt for eighteen years worth of movies than someone who genuinely looks like the wild animal of the character's namesake.But imagine, if only for a brief moment, what it would be like to see a different actor in the role. Considering Disney's recent acquisition of 21st Century Fox, it's likely that people will see a new Wolverine in the near future.Who could play everyone's favorite furious hero? This list will take a look at actors who would do justice to the role, and those who would make audiences mercilessly beg for Hugh to return. Additionally, entries will include possible castings for the modern day and actors that may have played him back in 2000, had events transpired differently.Here's 8 Actors Who Would Make a Better Wolverine Than Hugh Jackman (And 8 Who Wouldn't).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewLiev Schreiber already has the looks to be a believable sibling of Wolverine, so it is not going too far to say he has the right physique for the part. What makes Schreiber a truly notable candidate, however, is the unique flare he brings to every project he works on - possibly a result of his atypical upbringing. The American actor was raised on New York City's Lower East Side in dilapidated apartment buildings by a counter-culture embracing single mother. Growing up in a bohemian lifestyle gives Liev a different perspective to his performances and characters that a typical Hollywood actor would be unable to replicate.Another great example of what makes Schreiber such a great choice can be found in his directorial debut, Everything is Illuminated. The film is a true story of a writer who travels to Ukraine to find the woman who helped his Grandfather escape Europe in World War II. It's a somber film that deals with dark themes like The Holocaust, anti-semitism, and the loss of culture from war. Yet, through all this there are great comedic moments. Though none of them are light of heart, which can also be said about Wolverine's humor.The only thing holding him back from playing Wolverine today would be his age, but eighteen years ago Schriber certainly could have wowed audiences in the same way Hugh did.There are surely many Punk and Metal fans who are very familiar with Danzig's work. In the late seventies his band, The Misfits, pioneered the horror punk sound and aesthetic that countless groups are still deriving influence from. After leaving The Misfits, he carved out his own unique sound in the Heavy Metal Genre. "Mother" being one of his more famous songs. Despite his success in uniting metal heads and punks, he would not have the same results when it came to bringing cinephiles and comic book readers together.Many years prior to the first X-Men film, Glenn Danzig was actually offered the part when Carolco Pictures was planning their own film. However, nothing ever progressed passed the planning stages of this production, much to the benefit of Danzig's career and the integrity of the X-Men franchise. Danzig may be a great musician, but is he a great actor?For one, Carolco's film would have had a shoe-string budget, which does not always spell doom for a movie but most certainly would have compromised the visual effects. Secondly, Danzig may have a golden voice but he is inexperienced as an actor save for a few cameo appearances on Aqua Teen Hunger Force and Portlandia. The only way he was really appropriate for the role was in his short height and muscular physique.There may or may not be trend of Australians looking the part of  Wolverine, it must be the rough living in the Outback. If it's anything like eating a meal at Outback Steakhouse, they're definitely tough enough to take on the role. However, being Wolverine is much more than looking mean. It takes a hidden, yet detectable, humanity and sensitivity to play the clawed hero. Russell Crowe has proven time and again that he has the sufficient chops to pull this off.Crowe was offered the role by Bryan Singer in the late 90s, but turned him down. Instead, he suggested Hugh Jackman for the role.Crowe is no stranger to playing the warrior, with roles like Maximus and Jor-El coming to mind. These two characters are infinitely more complex than the average action hero, each having unique goals that are rarely seen in big budget blockbusters. At the end of the day, all of these characters are beating and maiming people. But, why they are doing is more important than most people would believe. Anyone can give themselves a sculptured physique, but making an audience really care about the character and their objectives is the real challenge.Keanu Reeves has certainly proved himself as a leading man who is never afraid to take on unique projects, usually to the approval of critics and viewers alike. He was able to carry an entire action trilogy on his shoulders with The Matrix. As Neo, Reeves was the audiences guide to the strange world the Wachowskis presented throughout the three films. These days he is bringing grit back to Hollywood action with the action-packed John Wick. With all of this praise the previous sentences lapped upon him, what possible opposing argument could be made?It's simple, Keanu just does not fit in the role. If producing a film is like putting together a massive puzzle, Reeves would be a mismatched piece. No matter how pristine of a piece he may be. The history of cinema is filled with examples of great actors being put into parts they were not appropriate for. Being miscast is not the actor's fault, a job is a still a job after all. So, despite his wishes to play the character, we don't see it working out.None of this is meant to cast any judgment on Reeves character either, as everyone knows he's a highly courteous, generous, and good hearted human being. It would be nice to see him in some superhero movie some day, whether it be in the MCU or not.His output may have slowed down in recent years, but the nineties were a great time to be Viggo Mortensen. He started the millennium off right with The Lord of the Rings trilogy and followed that up with Hidalgo. However, he did not forget the independents either and took on acclaimed parts in David Chronenberg's A History of Violence and The Road, the adaptation of Cormac McCarthy's bleak post apocalyptic novel. While Viggo may be too high in years to play the part now, there is no reason why he could not have made a fine Wolverine back when Bryan Singer was putting together the first X-Men film.His performance as Aragorn demonstrates his ease at playing the hero, with his portrayal being considered a highlight of a highly venerated series. His role as the diner owner with a dark past in A History of Violence shows that, much like Wolverine, he can throw down while still playing a complicated character. In The Road, he escorts a young child through a dangerous future similar to what the clawed hero does in Logan. The only difference between the two films being, his character in that movie is the child's father and he starts out the story wanting to protect him.Movie studios sometimes do have great ideas that benefit a film or even save it from complete ruin. Gary Sinise as Logan was not one of those ideas. The idea does make sense from the studio's point of view,  Sinise was coming off of a decade where he played in some of the 1990s most revered films. Starting with Forest Gump, the actor would then be in Apollo 13 and close out the millennium with The Green Mile. In between those big films were less relevant, but still quality, movies like The Quick and The Dead and Ransom. Despite these great performances giving Sinise positive recognition, none of them make a believable argument for him playing Wolverine, even though he was rumored for the role.He was almost cast as Wolverine, I guess he didn't have... the claws. YEAAHHHHH.Any actor who will play Wolverine has to be convincing as an action star and it is hard to imagine the former star of CSI: New York carrying an action movie. Perhaps if Wolverine's powers were playing bass in a cover band named after his character from Forest Gump, then there might have been a chance. But as it were, the studio was definitely not thinking about the actual quality of the film when they were vying for Sinise in the main role.Edward Norton is a strange amalgam for an actor. On first look he appears lanky and dorky, but there is an intensity buried with in him that shines in his best work. It is part of the reason he made such an incredible Bruce Banner in The Incredible Hulk (though Marc Ruffalo is no slouch either). This same hidden darkness is why he would have been a great choice for Wolverine.The two comic book heroes, Hulk and Wolverine, are polar opposites of sorts. Bruce Banner is socially awkward, but becomes a raging green beast once his anger spirals out of control. Wolverine constantly wears a mean face paired with a statuesque physique, but due to his long lifespan he is a man out of his time who is not always the best in social encounters. People who seem so different are often more similar than initially believed, so Ed Norton would have no trouble adapting to the role. Maybe as a trade Hugh Jackman can play The Hulk someday? We're sure Mark Ruffalo can be convinced to give him a turn for just one movie.To clear up any possible confusion, this article is talking about Edward Norton the actor and not Ralph Cramden's buffoonish best friend on The Honeymooners. People say everything happens for a reason. Whether one believes in fate or not, it cannot be denied that sometimes unforeseen circumstances work out for the best. While this saying may be comforting for some, it would perhaps not be best to lay this platitude on Dougray Scott. Considering how close he was to becoming one of the most beloved characters in comic book films. Dougray Scott had the role in his hands and was supposed to start filming after production on Mission Impossible II. Unfortunately, the John Woo directed spy film hit several snags leading to countless delays. This forced Scott to drop out of X-Men, presumably followed by Bryan Singer and the producers scrambling to find a new lead actor to a movie that already started filming.I guess we should thank Mission Impossible for having multiple delays.The rest, as they say, was history with Hugh Jackman being cast. It was ultimately for the best because Dougray Scott, while certainly talented, doesn't have the same charisma as Jackman. He's always a welcome addition to any movie, but carrying an entire franchise on his talent is a whole other challenge. We hope Dougray is not too sore about losing the role of a lifetime, since he still has an extremely accomplished career.Garrett Hedlund really has what it takes to sit among the A-listers, but the roles that come to him always seem to be in movies that under perform. 2010's Tron: Legacy was far from a flop, but failed to catapult Garrett into stardom. Five years later, he would play James Hook, Peter Pan's soon to be nemesis, in Pan which served as a prequel to the well known fairy tale. Hedlund delivered a stellar performance, ultimately stealing the show from the other stars, but the film itself failed to even recoup its budget at the box office.Maybe his real big break could come in the form of a clawed mutant with anger management issues. Naysayers will point out how the last two blockbusters Hedlund starred in did not rake in the dough like a proper blockbuster should, but none of that has anything to do with his acting chops. On top of his abilities as an actor, he's got a pretty face that would look phenomenal if they were framed by those iconic side burns. Let's hope Kevin Feige takes him into consideration when it really is time to cast a new Wolverine.And for what it's worth, Garrett Hedlund would have made a fantastic Han Solo, but we're still rooting Alden Ehrenreich to do a great job.When describing the character of Wolverine, rugged is a word that quickly comes to mind. Gerard Butler certainly has this kind of look with his many masculine features like the creases on his fore heard, the grey in the temples, the crowe's feet, and the all around macho demeanor. Despite his macho qualities, previous action movies he's starred in demonstrate that he may not be the best candidate for the adamantium infused super hero.The best example would be one of his most famous roles - King Leonidas. On the positive side, Butler certainly had the dedication to mold his body into a chiseled muscular form for the part. On the other hand, his actual performance was far too melodramatic. Wolverine needs to be scary when his rage takes over, and the Scottish actor would not be able to pull this off.This is not to say that Gerard Butler is not a talented actor. On the contrary, he has turned in solid performances in movies like Law Abiding Citizen, Machine Gun Preacher, and Olympus Has Fallen. He certainly has what it takes to become a part of the MCU, but he would be better served playing a different character.Joaquin Phoenix has had a long, accomplished career mostly focused on hard hitting dramas that exist on the edge of the mainstream. Occasionally he'll dip his to into a-list territory with roles like Johnny Cash in Walk the Line and playing the villain in Gladiator. He's certainly a talent to be reckoned with, but none of these roles would be a convincing case for playing Wolverine. However, his recent performance in You Were Never Really Here showcases an entirely different aspect of the actor's abilities that prove his capability for the role.While only an action movie by a certain stretch of the term, You Were Never Really Here is a movie about violence, crime, justice, and conspiracy. The hero is a wrapped up in mystery and by the end, not meaning to give too much away, no direct answers are given as to why Joaquin's character is who he is or why he makes the decisions he makes throughout the movie. He's got a dark past and has a menacing aura about him, but Joaquin's performance brings a sensitivity and humor to a character that could have easily been a cliched action anti-hero.These characteristics that are showcased in You Were Never Really Here are exactly what a new Wolverine would need, and Joaquin Phoenix could surely deliver them in full effect.This entry won't make the argument that musicians cannot be Wolverine, since Hugh Jackman is a supremely talented song and dance man himself, but Marky Mark is not exactly on the same level as the Australian actor when it comes to musical ability. Musical endeavors aside, there are many obvious reasons why Mark Wahlberg should never be let anywhere near the beloved comic book character.Sorry Mark, we don't want you or the Funky Bunch for this role.While Wahlberg has certainly had some incredible roles in movies like Boogie Nights, The Fighter, Pain & Gain, and The Departed. His action films often fail to do anything special except leave a blight on his career. Every time he tries to be tough in an action film, he always comes off whiny and irritable. The only time this was an advantage for the actor was in the 2010 action comedy The Other Guys. Wahlberg's character is a wannabe hard boiled cop who often tries to appear intimidating, but ends up being all bark and no bite. When not in a comedic setting, his tough guy attitude does not impress audiences.Mark Wahlberg has already grabbed the ire of video game fans with his lackluster performance in 2008's Max Payne. It is in his best interest to stay away from Wolverine unless he wants to attract the same fury from comic books readers. .Every once in a while there comes an actor who is familiar to audiences for a long time before the true extent of their talent is fully revealed. In the past there was Woody Harrelson on Cheers before Natural Born Killers, Tom Hanks' string of eighties comedies before wowing audiences in Forest Gump, and John Krasinski on The Office before becoming a movie star and director. His turn on the hit NBC comedy does not make a convincing case for him becoming Wolverine, but his part in 13 Hours and his directorial projects do make him seem like a good fit for the role.Think about the endless supply of Wolverine and The Office memes the internet will come up with if he is eventually cast as the character. In 13 Hours, his first action movie, John shows his ability to be a convincing presence in this type of film while still bringing the drama. His writing and directing is also evidence that he understands characters and their relationships to the story. He would be able to contribute more than just a performance to the character of Wolverine. As long as he doesn't look into the camera with silly face every time another mutant says something funny or inappropriate, he should do a stellar job with the part.Sam Worthington is one of those actors who is always just on the edge of stardom. He starred in one of the most successful movies ever made, Avatar, and has a few other big budget blockbusters under his belt. None of those films, unfortunately, have made him a house hold name even though many of the movies are well known themselves. Sam is a more than capable talent, but there is something about him that would make one skeptical regarding his ability to play everyone's favorite mutant.Sam's got the look and surely would have no difficulties getting into shape, but his performances often lack any sort of humor. Sometimes this is exactly what a character needs, but Wolverine is an entirely different type of role. None of his humorous moments are intentional on the part of the character, and this makes him all the more difficult to portray. Maybe there is room for Sam in a superhero movie somewhere, but not as Wolverine. With the MCU's excellent track record on casting, they could surely find the right role for him.Additionally, he would probably spend half of the movie rambling about the numbers, and that would just confuse audiences unless they were fans of Call of Duty: Black Ops.As interesting as it would be to have two real life brothers costar together in a big superhero film, it would probably break audiences' suspension of disbelief when they think "wow, Thor and Wolverine sure look similar!". However, this is not the only reason why casting directors should stay away from the other Hemsworth brother if they end up recasting the iconic comic book hero.Liam Hemsworth, while certainly a good looking actor, still has work to do with his acting ability. He's seven years younger than Chris Hemsworth so he still has time to work on his craft, but at the moment he is not ready to take on such a difficult character. Previous performances in The Expendables 2 and The Hunger Games trilogy are evidence him still a bit green. Additionally, he is still too fresh faced to be a believable Wolverine.Sorry Liam, you need to have a beard to get on this ride. This is not to say that he will forever be a bad choice for the character. Perhaps he will be ready in ten years or so when he has matured as an actor and developed a few wrinkles on his face. Some actors take many years to unlock their true potential, and this may also be the case with Liam Hemsworth.Ultimately this is what most people want in the future and is what's really the best for the franchise. As of 2018 Dafne Keen is thirteen years old, they should wait until she is an adult then bring her character, X-23, back into the fold. Her performance is Logan is more than enough proof that she is ready to lead a movie all on her own. In fact, most readers are probably tearing up a little bit now remembering the bond  X-23, or Laura, and Wolverine formed throughout the course of that movie. Most full grown actors lack the ability to make audiences feel emotions on screen, and she did it before becoming a teenager.This would be the most appropriate way to respect Hugh Jackman's performance. Maybe, much like sports jersey numbers, character's should be retired once an actor has delivered such a stellar interpretation like Hugh has done. If X-23 continues in the role, it will be a permanent acknowledgement of Wolverine's contribution to the MCU (or X-Men films). If this doesn't happen and Wolverine is simply recast, viewers are bound to miss Hugh Jackman and clamor for his return. We're pretty sure Disney doesn't want an unhappy audience.--So there you have it! What actor do you want to see take on the role in the future? Let us know in the comments!
Tags:
wolverine
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
So many wonderful characters have graced the offices of Dunder Mifflin in NBC’s The Office. It remains one of the best casts to ever appear on televisions. Through its nine seasons on the air, the show also featured some very memorable guest stars like Will Ferrell, Amy Ryan, and Idris Elba.However, there are some well-known faces you may have forgotten appeared alongside Michael, Dwight and the rest of the gang. Their stays at Dunder Mifflin may not have been long, and they found their fame elsewhere, but it’s still fun to look back and say, “Oh cool, they were in that.” Here are some of the actors you forgot appeared on The Office.RELATED: 25 Little Things Fans Completely Missed In The OfficeClick the button below to start this article in quick viewIn the very first season of the show, The Office was joined by a pretty great guest star, Amy Adams. Playing Katy, Adams first appeared in the episode “Hot Girl” as an attractive woman trying to sell handbags to the office. Of course, Michael makes a fool trying to flirt with her until she ultimately leaves with Jim.Adams returned for two more episodes in Season 2 before her relationship with Jim ended and she was seen no more. Adams career did just fine afterwards, securing a handful of Oscar nominations and even joining the DCEU as Lois Lane.Nowadays, Ken Jeong is a regular face in comedies. But back in 2005, Jeong was a working stand-up comedian taking small roles in sitcoms. In the second season episode “E-Mail Surveillance”, Jeong had a small role as a member of Michael’s improv group. Yet another person who struggled to put up with Michael’s obnoxious behavior.It was a small role, but Jeong’s success was right around the corner with memorable roles in Knocked-Up and The Hangover. Jeong recently appeared in the highly successful movie, Crazy Rich Asians and his Netflix special out now.Jack Black was already a big star when he appeared in Season 5 of The Office. In fact, he was so famous, he was able to play himself. In “Stress Relief”, Jim, Pam, and Andy spend the day watching a movie in the office breakroom. Black stars in the fictional film in which he has an affair with Cloris Leachman.RELATED: 20 Characters The Office Wants Us To ForgetIt’s a bit of a bizarre cameo and felt a little like the show just wanted to have a big name. While the movie-watching plot is pointless, Black and Leachman seem to be having a good time.Evan Peters has the great distinction of being the only member of Michael Scott’s family we see on the show. His character also shows that Michael probably isn’t the most annoying member of his family.In Season 7’s “Nepotism”, Peters plays Michael’s nephew Luke who has been hired as the office intern. Luke is hardly a model employee, but Michael is hesitant to fire him. All this leads to a very memorable disciplinary scene which explains why we never see Luke again.Peters would later gain acclaim as Quicksilver in the X-Men films and will reprise the role in Dark Phoenix.Timothy Olyphant is an actor mostly known for his tough guy roles in shows like Deadwood and Justified. However, in Season 7 of The Office, Olyphant got the chance to show off some of his comedic work.In two episodes, Olyphant played Danny Cordray, the best salesman in the business who Michael hires as the office’s traveling salesman. Things immediately get awkward since he once went on a date with Pam but never called her back.Olyphant is currently embracing his comedic side in Santa Clarita Diet, he’ll be seen in Tarantino's Once Upon a Time in Hollywood and will return as Seth Bullock in the Deadwood movie.The Season 7 finale “Search Committee” centered around trying to find a new boss for the Scranton office. The episode featured several famous guest stars playing the various unusual characters vying for the regional manager position, including Will Arnett and Ray Romano. But the biggest guest star was certainly Jim Carrey.Carrey plays an unnamed job interviewee who seems to have a strange obsession with the Finger Lakes. It’s a fun, albeit short cameo for Carrey to pop up. It’s just a shame we didn’t get to see him in the actual interview, as that could have provided a few laughs.The great Randall Park is delight anytime he pops up. In 2018 alone, he was joined the MCU in Ant-Man and the Wasp, and the DCEU in Aquaman. In The Office, Park had the honor of being a part of one of Jim’s famous pranks.RELATED: 20 Couples The Office Wants Us To ForgetIn Season 9’s “Andy's Ancestry”, Park plays an actor friend of Jim and Pam who they get to pretend to be Jim. This causes Dwight to wonder if he never noticed the fact that Jim has always been an Asian man. Certainly one of Jim’s most underrated pranks.The later seasons of The Office suffered from the absence of Steve Carell. In Season 9’s episode, “Moving On” they tried to fill that void a little with the help of Bob Odenkirk.In the episode, Pam is looking for a new job in Philadelphia. Odenkirk plays her potential new boss and a man who is a carbon-copy of Michael Scott. What makes the joke even better is the fact that Odenkirk was one of the finalists for the role of Michael Scott. Of course, he went on to find the role of a lifetime with Saul Goodman.Roseanne Barr has had a few ups and downs in her career recently, to say the least. Luckily, her appearance on The Office came at a relatively quiet period. Before the reboot of her sitcom and her subsequent firing from it, Barr guest starred on two episodes in the final season as talent agent Carla Fern.In the show, Andy decides to finally pursue his show business dreams and hires Carla to help him. The role wasn’t very big, but it was at a time when it was just nice to see Barr on television again. How things have changed since then.The final episode of The Office was a big deal. After nine seasons of the show, they had to wrap up many storylines, bring back several characters and close things out in a satisfying way. With all that going on, you’d be forgiven for failing to notice Dakota Johnson’s small role.Johnson plays one of the new employees in the office and her relationship with Clark, another member of the office is meant to suggest a Jim and Pam-type romance is blooming. Just two years later, Johnson would become a household name thanks to Fifty Shades of Grey.NEXT: The Best Salespeople At Dunder Mifflin, Ranked
Tags:
the office
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Some of our biggest stars in Hollywood got their start in television. The list of former TV stars who went on to have illustrious careers is massive-- Robin Williams, Chris Pratt, George Clooney, etc.The list is ever growing, as the idea of doing big things in the television world before deciding to transition into the Hollywood movie making world is a successful formula that has continued to work for several different stars. Well, some stars at least.While the formula has proven to produce high results, it is not a formula that works for everyone. Some big time TV stars fail and are unable to transition, loosing out on blossoming careers once their big show goes off the air.Sometimes this is because every other show and/or movie that they do afterwards becomes a flop. In other cases, unseen circumstances in these actor's personal lives prevent them from reaching the next level.For some stars, they cannot progress with their careers because they are only ever seen as the one character who made them famous. Regardless of the reason, some actors careers fail rather than bloom after their famous TV shows go off the air.With that said, here are the 16 Actors Whose Careers Flopped After Their TV Shows Ended.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewMiranda Cosgrove was at the height of her fame as a child star during the 2000s. After capturing audience's hearts with her role in School of Rock, she was added to the cast of Drake & Josh as the brothers' sister, Megan Parker.The show left the airwaves after 59 episodes, but Cosgrove quickly bounced back with a lead role in a show of her own, iCarly. That show lasted a whopping seven seasons, but after the show ended, Cosgrove was not able to bounce back into the limelight so easily-- at least not onscreen.Cosgrove has played the voice of Margo for the Despicable Me franchise, but she hasn't done anything major in live action form since. She planned a comeback to television with NBC's Crowded, but the series was canceled after 13 episodes.After starring in a string of Disney Channel Original Movies, Brenda Song was given the supporting role of London Tipton on The Suite Life of Zack & Cody. She was the surprise breakout show stealer, and was so beloved that her role continued on the spinoff series Suite Life on Deck, making her Disney Channel's longest ongoing female character.It's too bad that Song hasn't been able to continue her streak after the two shows ended. The closest role she had to something major was her short cameo in the Oscar winning movie, The Social Network.She has since had some small guest spots in shows like Scandal and Superstore, but hasn't had much career progression beyond that.Melissa Joan Hart practically owned TV in the '90s thanks to her two television shows, Clarissa Explains It All and Sabrina the Teenage Witch. Many of her fans hoped that her post-Sabrina career would continue to flourish, but she hasn't done much since.In fact, she sparingly appeared in movies or on shows, other than the occasional TV movie. She didn't do anything noteworthy until the early 2010s, when she starred with fellow child star Joey Lawrence on Melissa & Joey for four seasons on ABC Family.After that, she appeared in God's Not Dead 2, but unfortunately the movie only became noteworthy after being so critically panned. Both critics and audiences alike enjoyed the movie but only because they could make fun of it.When Drake & Josh was a hit show on Nickelodeon, Drake Bell was expected to become the huge star once the show ended. To everyone's surprise, that accolade went to his co-star, Josh Peck.Even Miranda Cosgrove went on to have a more noteworthy career than Drake Bell to some degree, since Bell has done basically nothing since he left Nickelodeon.After the show, Bell focused on his musical career, though his songs have yet to make it high on the charts. The biggest thing he did since Drake & Josh was provide the voice of Spider-Man for all of the recent animated Marvel shows.Other than that, if not for his Twitter presence and his brief feud with Josh Peck, Drake Bell wouldn't be heard of at all.Sarah Michelle Gellar won the hearts of many viewers when she appeared as the titular character on Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Her fan base grew in between filming when she appeared in huge movies like Scream 2, I Know What You Did Last Summer, Cruel Intentions, and Scooby-Doo, with the latter becoming Gellar's biggest live action movie success to date.A year later, Buffy the Vampire Slayer had its final episode, and though many fans believed that she would go on to great things, Gellar didn't star in many other things after.She spent much of her post-Buffy life starring in small independent movies and in TV shows that quickly got canceled after their pilots. She had a bit of a comeback in the CBS show The Crazy Ones, which she appeared in with Robin Williams, but the show was canceled after one season.Jenna Fischer was essentially primed to be the latest rendition of the America's Sweetheart following her lovable, flawless performance as Pam from The Office.Things were looking good for Fischer for a while when she turned in stellar supporting performances in movies like Walk Hard and Blades of Glory. However, things took a turn for the worse in 2012 when she starred in her own movie, The Giant Mechanical Man.The movie bombed terribly, earning only $7,396 from a $900,000 budget. Things became even worse when she starred in her own TV show on NBC, You, Me and the Apocalypse. The show was canceled after 10 episodes and, unfortunately, Fischer hasn't done much work on screen since then.Fran Drescher was on a steady rise to fame after appearing in small roles in hit Hollywood movies like Saturday Night Fever, This Spinal Tap, and UHF.She finally got her big break when he starred on the television show, The Nanny, as Fran Fine. In addition to being a ratings smash hit, The Nanny earned Drescher two Golden Globe wins and two Emmy nominations for Best Actress.The show came to a close in 1999 and seemingly, so did Drescher's career. She hasn't picked up much work since, though this partly has to do with Drescher's cancer diagnosis in 2000.After an immediate surgery, she was cleared of her health risks. However, she hasn't done anything substantial in TV or movies since.David Caruso has the distinction of having his career end after not one, but two TV shows. The first of which was NYPD Blue. For his role, he was nominated for an Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actor.Despite the early success, Caruso decided to leave the show after one season in order to pursue a career in movies. He most notably starred in Kiss of Death and Jade. Both movies tanked at the box office and earned him Razzie nominations for Worst New Star.After this, he decided to return to television in 2002 to star in CSI: Miami. The show gave him a proper comeback. However, it ended in 2012 and we haven't seen him onscreen since.It seems as though Caruso has perhaps retired, but he may also be struggling to find work since both shows gave him a reputation of being difficult to work with.While few know her by name alone, Madeleine Martin is recognized best as the daughter of David Duchovny's character in Californication. She was on the show for its entire run until it ended in 2014.Many expected her to have a blooming career after the show ended, but she hasn't done much on the screen since. Martin joined the main cast of Hemlock Grove in season 3, but that same season, the show was canceled.Other than that, the only times we've seen her on screen since the end of Californication was when she guest starred on one episode of The Good Wife and starred in a Lifetime TV movie, The Daughter Must Live. She also provided the voice of Fionna on Adventure Time, but the show ended in 2017.Mark-Paul Gosselaar was everybody's favorite teenage heartthrob in the late '80s and early '90s. He portrayed Zack Morris on Saved by the Bell.Similar to what happens to most teen stars, Gosselaar failed to capitalize on the success of his show after it ended. He was able to rely on the show's mid-'90s spinoff TV movies to stay relevant, but didn't work on much else.Everything else he tried bombed in one way or another. His career briefly found new life when he joined the last few seasons of NYPD Blue. He also tried to make a true comeback in 2008 starring in Raising the Bar, but it was canceled after 25 episodes.Gosselaar had another show in 2011, Franklin & Bash, but after four seasons of middling ratings, it was canceled as well. Most recently, he had a supporting role on FOX's Pitch, but it met the same fate as the others-- it was canceled after 10 episodes.In a minor contrast to the career success of his brother, Fred Savage, Ben Savage hasn't done anything in TV shows or movies beyond the show that made him famous, Boy Meets World.After his seven season run as Cory Matthews finally came to a conclusion, Savage practically disappeared from acting altogether. Though he did not stop acting, he failed to appear in anything memorable or notable.Since the show left the airwaves in 2000, he has not had any big role in any movies and has only had a few small guest spots on various TV shows. His career would not be relevant again until he reprised the role of Cory Matthews for the spinoff show Girl Meets World, which was canceled in 2017 after three seasons.Amanda Bynes had a promising career as a child star. After breaking out with All That, she received two shows her own-- The Amanda Show and What I Like About You.She then starred in one box office hit after another: Big Fat Liar, She's the Man, What a Girl Wants, Hairspray, Easy A, etc. Things were looking up for the former child star as she transitioned into adulthood. However, she decided to retire from acting in 2010.Two years later, she was charged with a DUI and was detained shortly after for starting a small fire. Her life then appeared to spiral out of control, and she was eventually admitted into a hospital.Now that she's out, Bynes has been working on a fashion degree. In 2017, she expressed a desire to return to acting.Orlando Brown is best remembered for playing Raven's best friend Eddie on That's So Raven. He hasn't done anything noteworthy in movies or television since the show ended.However, he did pursue a career as a rapper, but has since not made any waves in the music industry. For a while, Brown only maintained a semblance of relevancy due to his shockingly lewd interviews, where he talked candidly about his former relationship with Raven-Symone.His crude attitude got him blackballed from appearing in the new spinoff show Raven's Home. Brown has also been arrested in recent years for obstruction of justice, domestic battery, drug possession, misdemeanor, and other offenses.Most recently, on January 18th, 2018, he was arrested for battery of a spouse, possessing a controlled substance, and resisting arrest.Nicholas Brendon is best remembered as Buffy Summer's best friend, Xander Harris. Throughout the seven seasons of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Brendon was the only actor other than Sarah Michelle Gellar to appear in every episode.Following the show's finale, things were quiet for Nicholas Brendon. He only appeared in failed pilots and minor television movies. The biggest thing that Brendon has done since Buffy was a small recurring role on Criminal Minds.In real life, he struggled with alcohol addiction for over a decade, which led to some unfortunate run-ins with the law. On a December 2015 interview on Dr. Phil, Brendon revealed that he had finally been 90 days sober. However, on October 2017, he was arrested for harming his girlfriend at a bar.In the early 2000s, Chad Michael Murray became one of Hollywood's most attractive teen stars after leading the cast of One Tree Hill during the first six seasons.In between filming for the show, he was able to star in some box office hits like Freaky Friday, A Cinderella Story, and House of Wax. Oddly enough, instead of the show being a launching pad for an even bigger career-- as was normally the case for beloved teen stars-- Murray appeared in virtually nothing after he left the show.He made a small appearance in an occasional movie here and there, but nothing typical of someone who had huge success on TV. He returned to television in 2015 for an attempt at a comeback by joining the cast of Agent Carter. However, the ratings tanked and the show was soon canceled.For many people, Kramer, who was played by Michael Richards, was their favorite character on Seinfeld . Years later, those same people realized that they were not very huge fans of Richards himself.After winning three Emmys for his performance as Kramer, Richards began working on his own show-- The Michael Richards Show. The show received horrendous ratings and even worse reviews.This caused the show to be canceled after two months. Richards's luck would worsen years later, when, in 2006, he gained mass negative attention for using the N-word during his set during a stand-up routine at the Laugh Factory .This inspired him to retire from stand-up a year later. He tried to make a comeback on the show Kristie in 2013, but it was also canceled after less than a year.---Can you think of any other actors whose careers flopped after their TV shows ended? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The next installment of J.K. Rowling’s Wizarding World franchise, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, hasn’t even hit theaters yet and news about its sequel has already started emerging. Fans of the Harry Potter prequel barely had time to process the news that Johnny Depp would be joining the cast of the next film when it was announced that he’d be playing legendary dark wizard Gellert Grindelwald. He won’t be alone, either, as Fantastic Beasts director David Yates told Screen Rant just this week that Grindelwald's oldest frenemy, Albus Dumbledore, would be appearing in the sequel as well.A few short weeks ago, we theorized that both wizards might well show up in a cameo scene when the first film debuted later this month. With Depp’s casting, a Grindelwald appearance might be in the cards, but Yates seemed to indicate that a young Dumbledore had yet to be cast. Knowing that we likely won’t see the future Hogwarts Headmaster until the next installment of the franchise, here are 15 Actors Who Could Play Dumbledore In Fantastic Beasts 2.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewDuring the 8 movies of the original Harry Potter franchise, the producers and directors of the various films seem to have made it their mission to employ every notable British actor they could. Given that, we thought it prudent to pull almost exclusively from performers across the pond for our dream casting.Thanks to the extensive cast of the previous films, there are a scarce number of British actors left who could play the 45-year-old wizard. One talent that hasn’t yet been tapped is comedian and actor Hugh Laurie. Most well-known for his roles in A Bit of Fry & Laurie and House, M.D., Laurie has the ability to play Dumbledore’s stern and loving sides. While he’s spent much of his career doing comedy, he’s no stranger to drama. Given Dumbledore’s complex nature and whimsical demeanor, Laurie seems like a leading candidate to play iconic character during his younger years. His turn in Tomorrowland also shows he's not averse to big-budget fantasy films.It’d be impossible to nominate Hugh Laurie for the role of Dumbledore without also including his long-time comedy partner, Stephen Fry. Equally adept at comedy and known for his dry wit and strong political and social convictions, Fry has the humor, heart, and gravitas needed to embody one of the most powerful and fantastical wizards of all time. He also happens to be gay.Aside from Britishness, it’s hard to consider actors to play Dumbledore without taking his sexuality into account. While never explicitly stated in the books, Rowling has gone on record saying Dumbledore is gay, a fact she’s hinted will play a role in his portrayal in Fantastic Beasts 2. Given that, someone who actually knows what it’s like to be a gay man of British nationality seems like a strong candidate to play Albus in the upcoming film. With his role as Mycroft in Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows, he seems comfortable enough joining a potential tentpole franchise, and there’s no doubt that he’d bring something special to the role.For a Briton who surely won’t shy away taking on a multi-contract deal, we turn to geek-god John Barrowman. As an actor mostly known for television and theater work, Barrowman has yet to crossover to film in a big way. The role of Albus Dumbledore, however, seems the perfect opportunity. Like Fry, Barrowman is a gay actor with plenty of comedy chops, but he’s turned in many dramatic performances as well. What’s more, he often finds a way to blend comedy, camp, and drama into a characterization that's uniquely his own. On top of all that, he’s got the genre bonafides that beg for his inclusion into the franchise. Long-known for his fan-favorite role as Captain Jack Harkness in Doctor Who and its spinoff Torchwood, Barrowman has become equally famous for his turn as the villainous Malcolm Merlyn on The CW’s Arrow. For bonus points, he’s even from Scotland, the country long-rumored to be the location of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.Another Doctor Who alum and genre stalwart, Christopher Eccleston has the dramatic chops to play Albus Dumbledore during what’s sure to be a transformative period of his life. Facing off against his former friend Grindelwald, Dumbledore will have to work hard to preserve his humor and humanity during this most trying of times. With a host of intense performances under his belt, Eccleston is more than ready to channel Dumbledore’s pain and rage. His time playing the Ninth Doctor, however, also proves that he’s got the ability to keep things light, even while he’s fighting to save the world. The Doctor and Dumbledore have a lot in common, as they both have extraordinary power and seem to carry the weight of the world, but go through most of life exuding a warmth, whimsy, and sense of lightness. Eccleston’s last big film role was as the Dark Elf Malekith in Thor: The Dark World, and the writing of the character didn’t do the actor any favors. At 52, Eccleston’s the perfect age to not only play Dumbledore, but to take another shot at portraying a potentially recurring genre mainstay. If you’re looking for an actor who’s proven time and again that they can play large genre roles, then Australian actor Hugo Weaving may just be near the top of that list. He’s faced off against Neo in The Matrix trilogy as Agent Smith, gone toe-to-toe with Optimus Prime in the Transformers series as the voice of Megatron, and played Cap’s oldest foe, the Red Skull, in Captain America: The First Avenger. If you’re looking for drama and intensity from an actor who knows their way around fantasy and sci-fi films, Weaving’s got that in spades. While all those roles were villainous, he’s also fought for the side of good as Elf leader Elrond in The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit trilogies and as the titular V in V for Vendetta. Though those roles were equally dramatic, the previous film incarnations of Dumbledore have leaned towards the intense. With an actor of Weaving's caliber, it may just be time to see if he can pull of the warmth and humor needed to play Albus.Like Hugo Weaving, American actor Lee Pace has played an elven king in The Hobbit trilogy and an MCU Big Bad thanks to his turn as Ronan the Accuser in Guardians of the Galaxy. Though he’s from Oklahoma, he’s proven that he can at least pass for British on screen. With his list of exhilarating performances, genre cred, and Juilliard education, we’d be remiss if we didn’t include him. Thanks to his scenery chewing performance as Ronan in Guardians, we know that Pace has the ability to keep us on the edge of our seat during a heaping helping of both monologues and fight scenes. These skills are likely to play a part in the role of Dumbledore in Fantastic Beasts 2 as he faces off against Grindelwald. Even though he’s best known for the more dramatic characters he’s played, his recent roles in The Mindy Project and Robot Chicken prove that he’s not afraid to take things a bit lighter.Throughout roles across stage and both the big and small screen, Alan Cumming has proven to be a strong comedic and dramatic performer. Like John Barrowman, he’s both Scottish and gay, and at 51, all he needs is some training in magic to make him the real-life Dumbledore. He’s received an Olivier Award for his work on stage, and nominations for Emmy, SAG, and Golden Globe awards thanks to his performance on The Good Wife. Despite his accolades and numerous film and television roles, he’s still not a household name. For genre fans, however, he’s quite well-known.First making a splash in 1995’s GoldenEye as villainous hacker Boris Grishenko, Cumming is likely most loved for his scene-stealing portrayal of Nightcrawler in the second X-Men film, X-2: X-Men United. Thanks to that role, he’s more than familiar with the ins and outs of a character who has the ability to teleport, meaning he’ll be able to skip the Apparition Lessons at Hogwarts. As Newt Scamander is likely to remain the protagonist in Fantastic Beast 2, Cumming has proven that he has what it takes to play a stand-out secondary character in a big budget genre film.Rupert Everett might not be as well-known as some of the other actors on this list, but his long list of film of television roles, and his experiences as a gay Briton, make him the perfect fit for playing a younger Albus Dumbledore. Even if you just casually skim Everett’s filmography you’ll quickly see that he's been dancing around a role in the Harry Potter franchise for almost two decades. With performances in A Midsummer Night's Dream, The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, Stardust, The Musketeers, and Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children, Everett is just begging to be added to the cast of Fantastic Beasts 2. Throughout his career, he’s proven that he can handle comedy, drama, tragedy, and fantasy; all prerequisites for playing Albus Dumbledore. Plus, he and co-star Johnny Depp can spend their time between filming discussing what it’s like to work with Tim Burton, and debate whether or not he’s still got it.Christian Bale, like Hugo Weaving, has spent a lot of time playing in all manner of grim genre films. While the Welsh actor may not be known for a humorous streak, he’s one of the most respected actors in Hollywood and would be quite the get for the Fantastic Beasts 2 franchise. It’s hard to imagine him eating some Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans, but watching him throw down against Grindelwald would certainly evoke his time fighting the Joker as the Dark Knight. This wouldn’t even be the first time he’s been in films about magic and fantasy either. He’s already faced off against dragons in Reign of Fire, proving he could help Newt wrangle some fantastic beasts. He's also had a turn as a magician in The Prestige, showing he knows how to turn the make-believe into a visceral experience for the audience. He may be a long shot, but it’s hard to deny how exciting it’d be to witness his take on Dumbledore.As with many of our casting considerations, Ben Whishaw is both British and gay; he’s also best known for prestige dramas. What sets him apart on our list, however, is his age. At just 36, Whishaw is now 9 years younger than Dumbledore during Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. While the sequel will give him a few years to age, the setting of the film will likely be in the future too. He’ll also have a noticeable age difference when compared to Johnny Depp. Nevertheless, he’s filmography proves he’s a strong choice. Still, we don't quite know how the specifics of wizard aging works, as the Dumbledore we know from the original films is well over 100.With that in mind, a slightly younger take on Dumbledore just might work. While his multiple roles in Cloud Atlas have surely prepared him for a big budget, CGI-heavy film, it’s his two most famous parts that show he’s got what it takes to play Dumbledore. He’s already familiar with playing the younger version of a franchise mainstay thanks to the Dumbledore-esque Q in Skyfall and Spectre. Even better, his work in I’m Not There means he knows what it’s like to portray the closest real-world example there is to Dumbledore: the enigmatic Bob Dylan. Though people are most familiar with Sean Bean as the former head (some pun intended) of House Stark in HBO’s Game of Thrones, the British actor has a long history of playing roles in fantasy, sci-fi, and action films. From 006 in GoldenEye to Boromir in The Lord of the Rings trilogy to Zeus himself in Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief, Bean has a number of hefty genre performances under his belt. With turns in the Silent Hill franchise, Jupiter Ascending, The Martian, and The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion, Bean is just begging to be added to the cast of the Fantastic Beast franchise. While he would have been a strong casting choice for the role of Dumbledore’s former friend and rival Gellert Grindelwald, he’d also make a pretty excellent Albus given his track record. He’s more than got what it takes to manage the drama and action of the film, and his role in Pixels, while not the best qualifier, at least proves he’s not adverse to some comedy. Plus, just imagine how the Internet would react if Ned Stark was cast as Albus Dumbledore; that alone is worth it.Knowing that the histrionic Johnny Depp is playing the dark wizard Grindelwald, it seems only fitting that an actor just as capable of camp be chosen to play Dumbledore. Enter Eddie Izzard, the comedian John Cleese once referred to as “The Lost Python.” Known for performances that traffic in both the surreal and the absurd, Izzard has the personality and ability to walk the line between drama and whimsy that’s required for any portrayal of Albus Dumbledore. As someone who has described himself as both as a transvestite and transgender, he also understands the LGBTQ experience that’s likely to prove crucial to this chapter in Dumbledore’s life.His roles as Reepicheep in The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian showed that he was comfortable operating in a fantasy world, but his performance as Mr. Kite in Across the Universe may just be the clincher. If you haven’t seen the film, do yourself a favor and check out his scene from the movie. It’s hard to watch that and not immediately want to see what Izzard would be like as Dumbledore.Thanks to splitting his time between playing Doctor Strange (who's set to appear in Avengers: Infinity War as well) and his turn as the titular detective in BBC’s Sherlock, Benedict Cumberbatch likely won’t have a lot of free time to join another massive franchise. Still, as one of the most prominent, young British actors, we’d be remiss if we didn’t at least consider his merits. Thanks to his recent work on SNL, we know he’s got comedic chops. The rest of his body of work more than proves his dramatic bonafides. As for genre and fantasy work, he’s got heaps of that as well.Even if we ignore the fact that he just played a sorcerer in an action/fantasy film with plenty of laughs, he’s got a slew of other roles that show he’s ready to join J.K. Rowling’s Wizarding World. From his work as Smaug and the Necromancer in The Hobbit trilogy, to his performance as the villainous Khan in Star Trek Into Darkness, Cumberbatch seems destined to join some iteration of the Harry Potter franchise. Since we don’t yet know how large of a role Dumbledore will play in Fantastic Beast 2 and its sequels, it’s possible Cumberbatch could squeeze the part into his schedule. After all, who would miss a chance to play the iconic wizard?There’s a good reason why Colin Firth is our number two pick; actually, there are a lot of them. The British actor has done plenty of both comedies and dramas, and his work has seen him showered in accolades. He’s won an Oscar, a Golden Globe, and three SAG awards, along with numerous others. At 56, he may be a bit older than Dumbledore, but that only makes him a few years the senior of Depp. His recent work in Kingsman: The Secret Service, and its upcoming sequel, also introduced him to the world of genre and action films, meaning he’s ready to tangle with beasts, dark wizards, and all manner of magic. He’s also one of the few prestigious British actors left who haven’t yet been in the Harry Potter franchise. That means it’s not only inevitable that he’ll eventually join their ranks, but that Dumbledore may be the last role left in the series worthy of Firth’s prowess.Who better to play Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore in Fantastic Beasts 2 than one of the two actors who have previously portrayed him. When Warner Bros. and Chris Columbus first brought the Harry Potter series to the big screen in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Irish actor Richard Harris was tasked with playing the eccentric headmaster. He reprised the role in the sequel, but sadly passed away due to Hodgkin's disease shortly thereafter. For the next six films in the franchise, Michael Gambon assumed the role of the world’s greatest wizard, and it’s hard to imagine anyone else taking his place.At 76, he’s a few decades too old to pull off Albus in his prime, but Hollywood has some magic of its own that can help with that. Brought to prominence in X-Men: the Last Stand, the process of digitally de-aging actors enabled Ian McKellen and Patrick Stewart to play much younger versions of their characters. Since then, it’s been used to allow a number of actors to play younger versions of themselves, including Jeff Bridges in Tron: Legacy and Arnold Schwarzenegger in Terminator Salvation. While it’s likely that WB will simply recast the role, it’s hard to argue that seeing Michael Gambon take one more turn as Albus Dumbledore wouldn’t be a magical experience.---Are there any other actors you think would be perfect for the role of a younger Dumbledore in Fantastic Beast 2? Let us know in the comments.Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them hits theaters November 18, 2016. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 2 will release on November 16, 2018.
Tags:
harry potter,
fantastic beasts and where to find them
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
When a character dies in our favorite show or movie, it’s often a time of shock and confusion for us as viewers. Sometimes for actors too, when they are left in the dark about their alter ego’s demise until they read the script. Story deaths are a necessary part of any high stakes plot to keep things tense and engaging. But other times a character’s death is necessary due to what’s happening behind the scenes.Whether an actor is butting heads with other crew members, or has just gotten tired of playing their role, sometimes they force the writer’s hand in getting rid of a character. Some actors even outright ask to be killed off. While not every actor or actress on this list got their wish, here are 10 Actors Who Asked For Their Character To Be Killed Off.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewCharlie Sheen makes the list because, while he didn’t come right out and say he wanted to be taken off Two and a Half Men, his actions spoke louder than words could. His longtime co-star Jon Cryer has opened up about all the drama Sheen brought to the backstage environment, and of course Sheen’s infamous problems with executive producer Chuck Lorre are well-known. It doesn’t take Taylor Swift to realize there was “bad blood” brewing between Sheen and his coworkers.All the celebrity news sites were fixated on Sheen and the way he smiled through the destruction of everything around him. Some felt bad for the actor for getting into drug use and turning to prostitutes over his family. Others applauded this new party hard lifestyle he had adopted. But the fact is, Charlie had become a magnet for drama, and that didn’t endear him to the people who had to deal with it on a daily basis. There’s more than one way of asking to be let go, and apparently Chuck Lorre definitely felt Sheen was asking for it.John Francis Daley is an actor who didn’t hate his role on his show, but also wanted some time to branch out and try other things. Unfortunately, he couldn't have his cake and eat it too by getting to stay on Bones while pursuing a new career. When he asked for time off from filming for Bones, it was suggested that it would probably be more satisfying for viewers to kill off his character Sweets instead of just having him disappear for half a season. Ultimately, Daley agreed, and accepted the death as the cost to pursue directing his own film.“The directing job was not something that I could walk away from,” Daley said in an interview after he was killed off. “It was such a huge opportunity. It feels like a good next step in my career and my life; I always dreamed of being a director. So to be able to do something like this on such a huge scale —it’s a huge studio movie — it’s definitely not something I could turn my back on. It was a sacrifice for sure.” It could’ve been worse though. At least Daley knew his death was coming when he asked to leave. Unlike the next person on this list.Stevenson was one actor who asked to be taken off a show and learned the meaning of being careful what you ask for. Stevenson initially auditioned for the role of Hawkeye Pierce on the show, but obviously didn’t wind up getting the part of the popular jokester. Word is that getting passed over for the character didn’t sit well with Stevenson, and by the third season he couldn’t tolerate being on the show in the capacity of Henry Blake anymore.When McLean asked to be released from his contract, the writers obliged by his wishes. Though Stevenson was given a bit more than he bargained for when he was written off not only by having his character discharged, but also killed in the process. The plane Blake was discharged on was shot down and resulted in the character’s death, leaving no possibility for his return. Which was unfortunate for Stevenson, as he later decided it was a mistake to leave the show.While some actors have stories of drawn out conflicts leading to their departures, Dan Stevens demonstrates that there is always the potential for a civil exit from a role. Maybe it’s just British sensibilities, but there was no backstage drama that led to the demise of Downtown Abbey’s Matthew Crawley. Stevens simply became tired of being locked into that one career path, and wanted to branch out into literature and theatre work.“From a personal point of view, I wanted a chance to do other things,” Stevens said in an interview around the time he left the show. “It is a very monopolising job. So there is a strange sense of liberation at the same time as great sadness because I am very, very fond of the show and always will be.” Matthew Crawley died in the finale of the third season during a car accident after visiting his newborn son.Not every actor who wants to be killed off gets their wish—or at least not right away. Dean Norris, known as Walter White’s DEA brother-in-law on Breaking Bad, requested his death to come at the halfway point of season five in the drug drama. As fans of the show obviously know, this didn’t wind up happening. Norris would eventually get his wish, but he had to pass up some other acting opportunities in the meantime to fulfill his commitments.Norris had grown tired of being typecast in law enforcement roles, and instead wanted to take part in a pilot for a comedy to stretch his acting muscles. “And then at some point, f**king whoever decided they were going to split it into two eights,” Norris said of Breaking Bad’s fifth season, which was divided into two half seasons of eight episodes each. “So it cut me off from doing a pilot — and I had a pilot I wanted to do.” Norris might have been disappointed, but fans are likely relieved this is one request to die that was denied—at least for a little while.Alien vs Predator and its sequel obviously were not great movies, but apparently some of the biggest critics of the films were the crew from the original Alien movies. Especially Sigourney Weaver, who apparently wanted Ellen Ripley killed off in Alien 3 because she heard that Alien vs Predator was in the works, and she didn’t want to be associated with the franchise and the direction it was moving in.With Alien 3 coming out in 1992, it would be over a decade until we saw Alien vs Predator become a reality in 2004, so evidently Weaver thought the idea had lost steam and was convinced to return for Alien 4. While it’s admirable that she felt so strongly about the franchise that she’d do something so major, it looks like the franchise was due for some road bumps regardless of where the story went. Even Ridley Scott’s Prometheus was critically disappointing, leaving the last great movie in the series to be 1986's Aliens.While there’s still at least two more seasons of Game of Thrones to get through and more deaths certain to happen, one person who isn’t dreading what’s to come is Sophie Turner, the actress behind Sansa Stark. In fact, in a recent interview she revealed she’s hoping her character gets to be one of the victims before the series ends.“I don’t want to survive,” Turner said. Though it’s not because she’s tired of playing the character or having conflicts with the cast. Quite the opposite, she wants to be killed off because she envies the memorable scenes her fellow cast members who were written off have had. “If you’re on Game of Thrones and you don’t have a cool death scene, then what’s the point?” she continued. And maybe she is right about that. By now some of the most iconic scenes of the drama are its death scenes. Just look at how talked about last season’s big death became.South Park is known for mocking anything and everything, so it’s odd that Isaac Hayes didn’t expect something he holds dear would one day enter the targets of South Park creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker. But when South Park finally got around to lambasting Scientology, something Hayes ascribes to, apparently that was the moment the crude humor of South Park went too far. Hayes called the spoof on his beliefs "bigotry" and wanted off the show immediately. The creators obliged, but not without getting the last laugh."In 10 years and more than 150 episodes, Isaac never had a problem with the show making fun of Christians, Muslims, Mormons and Jews,” co-creator Matt Stone said to refute Hayes’ objections. “He got a sudden case of religious sensitivity when it was his religion featured on the show. To bring the civil rights struggle into this is just a non sequitur. Of course, we will release Isaac from his contract and we wish him well." And they did. And then they killed off his character Chef and had him devoured by wild animals. You know, as one usually does with those you wish well.While Leonard Nimoy didn’t specifically ask to be killed off, he had lost his interest in playing the character of Spock again. So much so that when the second Star Trek movie, Wrath of Khan, was being written, Spock didn’t feature in the original script because Nimoy had made it clear he was done with the character. But as Sophie Turner proved earlier, actors yearn for dramatic onscreen deaths, and that was something Nimoy hadn’t had yet. So when the creators of Wrath of Khan said they would give Spock a death scene if Nimoy returned, it did the trick for him to don the Vulcan ears once more.So while Nimoy didn’t ask to be killed off, the promise for it to happen did lure him back to bring closure to that part of his life. But obviously Spock didn’t stay dead. Despite Nimoy originally only wanting to have his death scene, Wrath of Khan rekindled his enthusiasm for playing the character, and ironically convinced him to continue doing the role. It just goes to show that while a character’s death might be sad for fans and even the crew, good things can also come out of that change.After The Force Awakens, Harrison Ford is probably the most well-known example of an actor who wanted his character to die. And as we saw, he got his wish. Though what might still surprise some people is that this wasn’t something Ford wanted to happen just in the most recent Star Wars film. It’s something that he has been waiting for decades to happen, and has pitched multiple times.“I think it’s a fitting use of the character,” Ford responded in a fan Q&A when someone claimed to be heartbroken by that scene. “I’ve been arguing for Han Solo to die for about 30 years, not because I was tired of him or because he’s boring, but his sacrifice for the other characters would lend gravitas and emotional weight.” Word is that Ford only even agreed to be in The Force Awakens if Solo was absolutely going to get killed off before the end. Han Solo’s scene with Kylo Ren was definitely one of the most memorable moments in the film, so it looks like Ford succeeded in adding emotional weight to the comeback of one of the biggest film franchises.-Do you know any other actors who wanted their characters killed off? Let us know who in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Actors take breaks. It’s only natural. Making a film is harder than it seems, especially when your duties don’t only involve the making of the film, but also the film’s promotion. As a result, it’s only natural for some of the world’s most successful actors and actresses to take breaks, where they can spend time with family and rest. In 2017, there were a number of actors who, for one reason or another, seemed to disappear from the spotlight almost completely. These actors are some of the best working in Hollywood today, and it can be hard to notice their absence when there’s such an abundance of talent in the industry. Even so, these stars were a part of some of the biggest films of the last decade, and have been unforgettable in one role or in several. 2017, however, just wasn’t their year. For the most part, the actors on this list are folks we’ve missed over the past year. It’s a year that’s seen plenty of amazing performances, but one that could have had a few more, if only these actors had graced our screens. With that in mind, here are 15 Actors Who Completely Disappeared In 2017.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewBradley Cooper is an actor who has really dominated the first half of the 2010s on screen. He’s an actor of tremendous range and skill, and he’s been nominated for Oscars for playing a man struggling with his mental health, an FBI agent, and the world’s deadliest sniper. In 2017, though, Cooper has been largely absent from the world of cinema. Sure, he voiced Rocket Raccoon in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, but other than that, he has not been seen on screen this year.This year, Cooper has been busy working behind the camera on his remake of A Star is Born, which he’ll also star in alongside Lady Gaga. Cooper made it to the A-list later in his career than many actors, but he’s made the most of his time in Hollywood since that big break.It might sound strange to say, but Felicity Jones was in the highest grossing movie of 2016. Although Rogue One has quickly faded from many people’s minds, it was still an enormous success at the box office. Interestingly, Jones wasn’t really the draw for that movie, though her natural charm surely didn't hurt. Jones, who was nominated alongside Eddie Redmayne for The Theory of Everything, didn’t show up on screens much this year, but that doesn’t mean she isn’t a potent force in the acting world. After all, Jones was cast in Rogue One largely because of her skill as a performer, and Jones has several projects slated for potential release in 2018, including a Ruth Bader Ginsburg called On the Basis of Sex. It wasn’t so long ago that Joseph Gordon-Levitt was Hollywood’s latest rising star. Even as his star has faded slightly, he’s still managed to put out at least one movie a year over the last few years, at least until this year. Just a few years ago, he was a favorite of Christopher Nolan, and starred in both Inception and The Dark Knight Rises. Even in recent years, Gordon-Levitt took on the role of Edward Snowden, one of the most pivotal American figures of the past decade. Gordon-Levitt’s career has taken plenty of odd paths, but his presence on screen has always been unique. He’s charismatic, but not in a leading man kind of way. Instead, he’s something slightly stranger, but he’s always been captivating, and will hopefully continue to be in the future. You have heard Jonah Hill’s voice in 2017, but you haven’t seen his face. The comedian has only done voice work this year, and has been notably absent in front of the camera. Hill has earned himself a lot of credibility in recent years for his ability to shift between dramatic and comedic work, and he’s even earned himself a pair of Oscar nominations in the process. Hill’s upcoming schedule is also relatively sparse, although it seems to include a mix of live-action and voice work. Hill’s career has peaked in recent years, so it makes sense that a certain level of exhaustion would set in. Hill has proven that he can do a wide variety of different things, and his comedic chops are second-to-none. Next on his docket is a Netflix series, the Cary Fukunaga directed Maniac, co-starring Emma Stone.For the last few years, Emily Blunt has turned in stellar performance after stellar performance. In 2015, she was magnetic in Sicario, and in 2016, she played a remarkable mess in The Girl on the Train. In 2017, though, Blunt was largely absent from the worlds of both film and television. Blunt has a busy year ahead of her next year, including a horror movie directed by her husband, John Krasinski, and she’ll be playing Mary Poppins, taking over for the legendary Julie Andrews. Blunt is sure to have big shoes to fill in 2018, so it makes sense that 2017 would be a down year, one in which the actress was busy filming various projects that could make 2018 a year to remember for her. For the past three years, it’s been kind of hard to avoid the feeling that Eddie Redmayne is everywhere. In that time, he won his first Oscar, and was nominated again in the same category. After that, he made his first foray into the world of blockbusters, starring in the Harry Potter prequel Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. That film was not an enormous hit, but it did well enough to justify a sequel, which Redmayne is set to star in next year. The English actor also has several other projects in the works, but he seems to have slowed down quite a bit since winning his Oscar. Of course, that’s probably the kind of luxury that Oscar winners can afford to take. George Clooney is an actor and a director, so when he isn’t appearing on screen, there are good odds that it’s because he’s been working behind the scenes. That was the case this year, when Clooney took a break from acting to direct Suburbicon, which was mostly a failure both critically and commercially. Clooney is the kind of movie star that’s always magnetic, even when the movie around him falls apart. His directorial work has been scattershot, but there’s always something compelling about the things that he commits to film. Even so, Clooney is still a more interesting presence in front of the camera than he is behind it. It’s a shame, then, that Clooney didn’t star in any films this year, and even worse, he doesn’t seem to have much more coming up. Sandra Bullock has proven that she’s capable of turning in singular, Oscar-winning work. She’s the kind of actor that’s always capable of revealing new facets of herself. She’s always surprising. In 2017, though, audiences weren’t treated to any Bullock performances at all. In fact, Bullock’s last movie was 2015’s Our Brand is Crisis. Bullock does have projects coming up, including 2018’s Ocean’s Eight, the all-female reboot of Ocean’s Eleven. Bullock’s career is far from over, and she’s had enough success over the past 20 years that she’s justified in taking a break if she wants one. If there’s one thing that’s certain, it’s that Bullock’s return in 2018 will be triumphant. It should serve as a reminder that she’s always been one of the best, and will show the world exactly what they’ve been missing these past few years. Emily VanCamp has been on a screen of some size consistently for many years now. First, she was on Everwood, and then she starred in ABC’s Revenge. VanCamp has also planted herself in the Marvel universe as the modern day love interest of Captain America, which is not a bad role to take on. In 2017, though, VanCamp didn’t make a huge splash on TV or at movie theaters. She’s the kind of actress who’s been working steadily for quite a long period of time, so perhaps she decided that in 2017 it was time to take a break. VanCamp has proven to be a captivating presence, so this lull won't last for long: she's starring in The Resident, which premieres on FOX in January 2018.The only movie Sienna Miller made in 2017 probably won’t see the light of day anytime soon. The director on that project was James Toback, the now infamous director who has been accused of harassment and assault by a truly astounding number of women. Although she’s usually not at the fore, Miller often finds herself in a number of awards season contenders like American Sniper or Foxcatcher. This year, however, it seems that Miller has largely taken a break from this year-end push. She did star in The Lost City of Z, which was released in 2016 but played in theaters through 2017. That movie gave us a new side of the “abandoned wife” character that Miller so often finds herself playing, and she ate up every minute of her limited screen time. Lauren Graham has been a consistent presence on TV screens for more than a decade. Gilmore Girls was the actor’s big break, and she followed that up almost immediately with Parenthood, another successful series that lasted for five, tear-jerking seasons. Graham has proven herself to be an incredible talent, and her ability to create characters through complex dialogue is second to none. In 2017, though, Graham was absent from TV screens for an extended period. She did have a brief stint on Curb Your Enthusiasm, but Graham wasn’t as ubiquitous as she usually is. Last year saw the return of Gilmore Girls, which, though it wasn’t perfect, was a huge deal because of the show’s famously unsatisfying ending. In 2017, Graham simply couldn’t find anything that could top that. Mia Wasikowska may not be showing up on American movie screens very often, but it’s not exactly for lack of trying. She was in two movies that were supposed to come out this year, but neither of them actually made it to American theaters. The actress, perhaps best known for her work in the Alice in Wonderland films, has three upcoming projects that she has already wrapped filming on, and a fourth that she has been attached to. Although Alice is Wasikowska’s most famous work, she’s also outstanding in much smaller films, where she’s really made a name for herself as an actress worth watching. Although the Australia-born Wasikowska didn’t have a film in 2017, it’s a good bet that she’ll show up in plenty of future films, both big and small. Viggo Mortensen is the kind of actor who likes to take breaks. It’s a luxury that not all actors are afforded, but it’s one that that Mortensen uses to avoid projects that he doesn’t find interesting. That’s one of the benefits of starring in a hugely successful trilogy like Lord of the Rings.It would be a mistake to hone in solely on Mortensen’s franchise, history, though. He’s an actor who always makes interesting choices, and he has a couple of upcoming projects that continue that trend, including one focused on the Unabomber. Mortensen is also famous for his commitment to the projects that he takes on, often remaining in character on set - that paid off last year, when he received his second Academy Award nomination for his work in Captain Fantastic.Bill Murray can feel like such a ubiquitous presence in a our culture that when you discover that he didn’t actually act in a movie in 2017, it may come as something of a shock. After all, Murray may be our most beloved comedian, an actor who has proven his own versatility over a career that spans decades. Of course, Murray’s status as a Hollywood legend has meant that he could work essentially whenever he wanted to, and choose only the projects that he found most interesting. He hasn’t appeared on screen in a couple of years, but he did voice Baloo in 2016’s The Jungle Book, and will provide a voice for Wes Anderson’s Isle of Dogs in 2018. Bill Murray isn’t in need of another role. He has the luxury of deciding when he works. Leonardo DiCaprio is one of the biggest movie stars in the world, and his commitment to the projects that he chooses is legendary. It’s what finally earned him that Oscar for The Revenant. Although the movie got him the gold, it was also the last movie DiCaprio appeared in. Since then, he’s been a little bit more focused on the climate than on his film career, and probably for good reasons. DiCaprio does have some projects in the works for 2018, including another collaboration with Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon. Some may remember him from his days as a heartthrob in the '90s, but in the years since, DiCaprio has morphed into a serious actor who is well-worth consideration.---What other actors disappeared in 2017? Share your observations in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
What is going on over at Warner Bros. and DC Entertainment? On September 12th, the internet exploded over the news that Henry Cavill was reportedly departing from the role of Superman and the DC Extended Universe. The initial report — which stemmed from a dispute over scheduling a cameo in Shazam! — has led many to believe that Cavill will no longer play Superman and that the role will be recast or rebooted in a future film. Follow-up reports suggested the DC was already looking at replacements, but then DC made an official statement suggesting none of the news was true. To top it all off, Cavill posted an extremely cryptic video on social media that provides more questions than answers. Is he still Superman? Is he being replaced? Is this all one giant publicity stunt?Whether he's leaving the role or not, he probably doesn't want to be remembered only as "the Superman in the bad DC movies" nor does he want his entire career to revolve around that character. Maybe he's looking at other options, maybe it's all a misunderstanding, but it seems as his tenure wearing the cape is in question. With that said, he can't be Superman forever. While he's hardly had the chance to prove himself as Superman, it seems that fans are already putting thought into his potential replacement. Hopefully Henry Cavill stays onboard, but if not, let's take a look at who could possibly don the cape next.Here are 13 Actors Who Could Replace Henry Cavill As Superman (And 12 We Don't Want).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewRecasting Superman with an actor of a different race is an idea that will both excite and outrage. One thing is certain though: Michael B. Jordan is at the height of his popularity, and he's got the acting chops to handle the role. He's reportedly the leading choice to replace Cavill already. He might be a little aloof for the warm and innocent Clark Kent, but he would be an inspired choice that would totally revamp the character.Of course, fans have also suggested that he would also make a great Val-Zod, the Superman of DC Comics' Earth- 2. An alternate dimensional Superman is still Superman, so why not?Jon Hamm is a popular choice among fans for both Superman and Batman. He's likeable, talented, and he has the dark hair and strong jawline that superheroes tend to require. However, he's just not right for Superman. We're not saying he couldn't pull it off — maybe it's because of his time as Don Draper on Mad Men — but his cool, intense aesthetic seems more suited to Bruce Wayne than the chivalrous Man of Steel. Good thing too, as the news of Ben Affleck leaving the Batman role seems ever-present, and Hamm has confirmed interest in taking over.Hamm for Superman? No thanks. Hamm for Batman? Yes, please.Another very popular choice among fans, Armie Hammer was nearly Batman in the cancelled George Miller film Justice League Mortal and was reportedly in the running for Superman in Man of Steel. Henry Cavill was obviously the final choice, but why not give Hammer a shot? He has the good looks and he's a very talented actor, and he's already been up for at least two different superhero roles. He hasn't had a part in any major blockbuster franchise, but perhaps that's because he's waiting for the right superhero role to come his way. Maybe this time?Tatum's name has been in the mix for plenty of Superman fan-casting lists, but we're not sure why. Sure, he's handsome and he's very funny, but his roles are never in line with Superman's persona. It's hard to separate Tatum from his comedic roles in films like 21 Jump Street and Logan Lucky, and it's even more difficult to picture Superman as a lovable goof. This isn't to say that he can only play goofy roles, but Tatum is at his most charismatic when he's channeling his own brand of humor.Besides, he's probably busy with being chained to the Gambit film that may or may not actually exist.He's probably not the first person that comes to mind, but James Marsden would make a fantastic Superman. He's best known for playing Cyclops in the X-Men films and he's doing great work on Westworld as Teddy Flood, but he has the build and talent that would perfectly suit the red and blue boy scout. Marsden would make for a recognizable choice, but not so recognizable that it would take viewers out of the movie. Besides, he's got that dashing all-American look and more than enough charisma to go around — and if you need proof of the latter, see Enchanted. Charlie Hunnam hasn't struck gold in his blockbuster movie roles, but he seems to fit the Superman mold. He's handsome, fit, and has the tough exterior that comes with being a superhero. However, he tends to come off a bit too edgy and grizzled in his roles for someone as clean and idealistic as Superman. Is it possible that someone can seem too tough to play Superman? Charlie Hunnam might fall into that category... or maybe we've just been watching too much Sons of Anarchy. He might be better suited for a someone like Green Arrow —  after all, he looks just like the character without even trying.If Warner Bros. wants a new superhero franchise after Cavill's exit, than they had better start young. Liam Hemsworth, brother to Thor's Chris Hemsworth, would make an interesting choice for Superman. Dark hair, handsome, built — he checks all of Superman's physical boxes. His youth is both a pro and a con, as it might take some time before audiences can take him seriously as a fully-formed Superman, but his age also gives a franchise of films time to gestate without having to worry about the actor getting too old. He probably won't be many fans' first choice, but he might be worth consideration.Like Charlie Hunnam, Tom Hardy is way too rough-and-tumble to play Superman. He's definitely a popular pick, but Hardy loves characters that are odd and eccentric — not quite the uplifting Superman persona fans would be used to. His role in Venom is evidence of this, and that movie isn't even out yet. Don't get us wrong, he's a great actor, but he's just not suited for someone so straightforward. Tom Hardy's edge is iconic, and shoehorning him into a Superman costume may stifle that. But, if Venom fails and he ends up in the market for a new superhero role, he would make for a stellar Wolverine.He might be one of the most obscure choices on this list, but Sam Witwer would make for a great Superman. Most would know him from the Star Wars universe (mainly as Starkiller in The Force Unleashed games), but he's also played roles in smaller properties like Once Upon A Time, Battlestar Galactica, and coincidentally, Smallville. Like Henry Cavill at the time of his casting as Superman, Sam Witwer is a relatively unknown actor who wouldn't bring much baggage to the role. Star Wars fans might need a minute for things to click into place, but he's got the looks and charisma to take on a big role like Superman.His Disney days are over, and Zac Efron has proven himself to be quite the hot commodity in Hollywood. He might sound like a good choice at first — young, fit, and still the heartthrob he used to be — but he's still way too baby-faced to be a believable Superman. Even if Warner Bros. were to go younger with a new Superman, an entire generation still sees Efron as Troy from High School Musical. He's also too charming for a  hopeful stoic like Superman — he would make a great Dick Grayson though, or even a younger Hal Jordan if a Green Lantern reboot ever comes to fruition.Not only is he a critically acclaimed actor with a dense filmography under his belt, but Matt Bomer has actually played Superman before. He was the voice of Kal-El in the animated film Superman: Unbound and while his voice is certainly a good fit, he looks the part as well. He's not famous enough for his appearance to be jarring, not unknown enough for fans to be unsure about his casting. He has a proven track record and would make for a solid choice, especially with great hair like that. Just give him Superman's iconic strand of loose hair, and all he would need is a costume!Chris Evans is perfect for the role. He's got the looks, the build, and the attitude. He would make for a great Superman. Rather, he would make for a great Superman if he wasn't so immediately recognizable as Steve Rogers in the Captain America films. Evans has more than proven himself to the Superman-type, main because of his work as Cap. Unfortunately, it will be way too hard for people to unsee the star-spangled costume. It would also cause an uproar in the Marvel and DC fan communities, so much so that Evans probably wouldn't even want to glance at his social media. As perfect as it would be, he shouldn't be Superman.This one might be a bit outside-the-box, but Justin Theroux would make for an interesting choice. He's not the typical muscled-out superhero type, though certainly in-shape. He's also an older choice, though not so old that he would be unfit for the role either. He has a different kind of energy than your prototypical Superman, one that's difficult to describe in the same way that it's difficult to describe how Nicholas Cage was cast as Superman. Seeing as that did actually happen, though, maybe a Justin Theroux-led older Superman story is just what the franchise needs for a clean slate.Adam Driver's name has been tossed around in casting among fans, but he seems like the wrong way to go. He's doesn't really have the look and he tends to bring a darker, melancholy energy to his roles that might not work for a Superman so young. He's also way too recognizable for his role as Kylo Ren in the Star Wars franchise. He's definitely talented enough to bring something interesting to the Man of Steel, but nowadays he might be a bit too high-profile for job. Then again, similar words were spoken about Nicholas Cage during the cancelled Superman Lives.Wes Bentley is best known for his roles in American Horror Story, The Hunger Games, and American Beauty —but could he work as Superman? He definitely has an edginess that the other choices don't. He's also a little on the smaller side in comparison to someone like Henry Cavill. With that said, he can certainly pull off the clean-cut Superman look. He might need to bulk up a bit, but Bentley makes this list as a runner-up that most fans probably didn't think to consider. We're all about these obscure picks, folks.He's talented, popular, and somehow not apart of any major blockbuster franchise yet. While he was cast in Spider-Man: Far From Home a few months ago, Jake Gyllenhaal's name is still in the running for DC superheroes — namely, Batman. With that said, many fans believe that his Clark Kent could be just as compelling, but we're not so sure. Gyllenhaal might look the part, but he has played some seriously dark roles before. Jarhead, Donnie Darko, Prisoners, Nightcrawler — the guy isn't exactly known for embodying hope in the roles he chooses. Because of this, he'd be much better suited for a young Batman. Superman? Not so much.Can you picture Ben Barnes sporting the cape? You probably know him from more villainous roles — he portrays Logan Delos on Westworld and Billy Russo on Marvel's The Punisher —but with that said, the guy has a charming look that might just work for the blue boy scout. He might need to bulk up for the role and shake his reputation as a smarmy antagonist, but he already has the handsome look you'd expect from Superman. He might just need to practice a few stoic faces before putting on the suit. Barnes isn't the stereotypical Superman, but he's certainly a viable choice.Game of Thrones fans probably know where this is going. He's fit, he's talented, and like everyone else on this list he's extremely handsome, but it will be entirely too difficult for people to separate him from Superman,and one of Westeros' most despicable personalities. And before comments flood in about how Jamie Lannister has softened up over the years, keep in mind that he will be going from that role to Superman, one of the most heroic figures in popular culture. We don't deny that he has the talent, but this one is a bit of a stretch.Could Bucky Barnes be the next Supes? Sebastian Stan hit mainstream popularity because of his role as the Winter Soldier, but he's done plenty of great work outside the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Gossip Girl, Once Upon A Time, The Martian, I, Tonya — he's plenty talented, he has the look, and he could provide a certain sensitivity that most of the other choices don't usually bring to their roles. He's a recognizable face, but not as attached to his other roles as, say, his Captain America co-star. So, Sebastian Stan for Superman? It's just an idea.Michael Fassbender is extraordinarily talented, and his name is frequently found in the running for all sorts of roles in high-profile movie franchises. With that said, he's probably the wrong choice for Superman. He's definitely has the proper strong features, but he's on the older, more recognizable side. Not to mention he brings an intensity to his roles that, while captivating, doesn't work for the last son of Krypton. If anything, casting him as Superman wastes that intensity on a character that doesn't require it. With that said, he could play a number of other roles in the DC Universe that would better suit his edge. Braniac, Ra's Al Ghul, Sinestro — just not Superman.How about more of an up-and-coming choice? Jesse Williams is known for his role on Grey's Anatomy as well as his character in the video game Detroit: Become Human, and he seems like he would be a great alternative to the A-listers that are perhaps too recognizable as Superman replacements. He has the right build, good looks, and a sweeter, sensitive side in comparison to most of the other brawny choices on this list. He would be a new face on the blockbuster movie scene, and like many of the past Supermen, this could be the role that takes his career to new levels — along with revitalizing the character for a potentially new franchise.We can't deny that he looks the part. Good hair, athletic build, strong jawline — he's a model, after all. With that said, looks aren't everything, and Jamie Dornan just doesn't seem like the blue boy scout type. Perhaps his work in the Fifty Shades of Grey franchise is still too fresh in our minds, but he's a bit intense for the iconic hero and maybe a little too... sultry? There's no reason that Superman can't be sultry necessarily, but those vibes just don't work for the guy who you'd expect to save a cat from a tree. He's in the right ballpark, but not quite Superman.Another candidate for a younger Kal-El, Richard Madden could fit the part really well. He's a talented actor, he's got the dashing looks (he did play the Prince in Cinderella, after all) and fans of Game of Thrones know that he can act the role of an upstanding leader any day of the week. He's on the younger side, but those youthful looks are an edge when it comes to building a long-standing franchise. Maybe it's hard to tell with the scruff, but he could really pull off a young Clark Kent. He just needs a shave — or he could opt for the Superman tradition and replace his facial hair with a CGI mouth. Either way, he'd be a great Superman.For those that don't remember, Brandon Routh has already played Superman way back in 2006's Superman Returns and he wasn't bad, either! Unfortunately, it's probably best that he didn't return to the role. It's not that he couldn't swing it - he's basically still the splitting image of a young Christopher Reeve. It's just that DC fans already closely associate him with his work on the Arrowverse television shows. It would also confuse older audiences to see "that one guy from that one Superman movie" come back and replace Cavill's Superman so soon, or even years from now. Unless he wants to, in which case, we doubt there would be many complaints.Let us pitch you an idea: a low-profile actor who is only famous to a certain generation, specifically for playing Superman, returns to the role on the big screen decades later?Tom Welling could easily return for the adventures of an older Superman, perhaps at the end of his career and fathering a young Jonathan Kent, a.k.a. Superboy. It's a bit specific, but think about it! Like Brandon Routh, he had his chance. However, Tom Welling hasn't been a major star since his time on Smallville. He's still got the good looks, he may be told to spend some time in the gym, of course, but it would be quite the crowd-pleasing recast.--What do you think about the Henry Cavill debacle? Are there any other actors who could play a new Superman? Leave a comment and tell us your thoughts!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The film industry may not seem like the most dangerous gig in the world. Why would it be? Most actors we know and love aren't the people we see during intense action scenes on screen. The use of properly-trained and talented stunt doubles, coupled with serious safety precautions on set, make for a much safer filming environment.However, accidents do happen. And they happen surprisingly often. Many of these accidents have taken the lives of beloved actors and actresses far before their time-- all because of poor planning, rushed productions, or downright sociopathic directors willing to do anything for that perfect shot.Thankfully, actors aren't letting the poor safety on set fly anymore. Harrison Ford was one such actor who nearly died for his role while filming The Force Awakens. When the actor was knocked down during a scene, he was accidentally crushed by a heavy hydraulic door on set, sustaining a slew of injuries including a broken leg. Ford wasn't interested in letting it go and took the case to court, where the production firm involved admitted to serious health and safety breaches that occurred while filming.We won't let such incidents go unnoticed either. It's time for a history lesson! Check out these stories about 15 Actors Who Died Or Were Injured For Their Roles.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAmerican actor Vic Morrow is a fairly well-known case of on-set tragedy. While filming Twilight Zone: The Movie in 1982, Morrow and two young children (Myca Dinh Le and Renee Shin-Yi Chen) were acting in a scene for a Vietnam War sequence. Their characters were running from an oncoming Army helicopter. The actual helicopter was hovering at barely 24 feet off the ground above them when pyrotechnic explosions initiated nearby damaged the aircraft. The helicopter crashed on top of the three actors and killed them instantly, decapitating Morrow and Le.The accident was a completely preventable accident due to the negligence of the pyrotechnics and pilot on set. The parents of Chen and Le, as well as Vic Morrow's children, sued the pilot, director, and several others involved in the crash. After a grueling 9-month trial, the defendants were acquitted and settled out of court with the families.The Crow is a goth cult classic still beloved to this day. Unfortunately, the film took the life of young actor Brandon Lee, son of the late Bruce Lee.In one particular scene, Lee's character was supposed to walk into an apartment and discover his fiancee being attacked. Another actor was supposed to fire a gun at Lee as he entered. Rather than purchase dummy cartridges for the gun, the prop crew for the film decided to DIY it by putting real bullets into the gun and messing with the mechanisms that fire it. Unfortunately, this method can result in a bullet (also known as a squib load) getting partially stuck in the barrel. This was the case when the scene was shot again after several takes, and the final shot dislodged the bullet-- hitting Lee in the abdomen. After being rushed to the hospital and six hours of surgery, Lee died. The shooting was ruled accidental.The brief story of Jon-Erik Hexum is the story of a famous heartthrob who almost was. While shooting for the 1984 television show Cover Up, Hexum's character uses a .44 Magnum gun loaded with blanks in an action scene. An actual gun with actual blanks was used for the scene.Impatient with the day's filming delays, Hexum decided to play a game of what he thought was safe Russian Roullete by unloading all but one blank into the gun. He apparently didn't grasp how blanks worked and fired the handgun into his temple.When blanks are fired from a handgun at point-blank range, the powder gasses in the gun can cause blunt-force trauma. When the blank fired into Hexum's temple, it shattered a portion of his skull, causing massive hemorrhaging. Unfortunately, Hexum died after many hours of surgery.Not once, but twice! Talk about some seriously good luck. While filming the Mel Gibson's Passion of the Christ in 2004, actor Jim Caviezel was reportedly struck by lightning while re-enacting Christ's crucifixion and again while performing the Sermon on the Mount. Miraculously, he walked away without any serious injuries.When the incident occurred, Caviezel said that the crew and extras hit the ground after seeing what appeared to be fire coming out of each side of the actor's head, a common indicator of an impending lightning strike.While he sustained no major injuries from being struck by lightning, the rest of his time filming the movie was less than glamorous. He dislocated his shoulder, was accidentally whipped, and caught serious cases of pneumonia and hypothermia.We're glad Charlize didn't sacrifice her ability to walk for Aeon Flux of all movies. Maybe Monster, but not Aeon Flux! Come on!Barely a week and a half into shooting the film, Charlize Theron had to do a backflip for a scene. She accidentally landed on her neck and was rushed to the hospital. She managed to herniate a disc in her vertebra, and the outlook from doctors was not good. Many believed that Theron would have very limited mobility in the future due to the injury. "I was almost paralyzed," said Theron. Production of Aeon Flux was paused for nearly eight weeks.Fortunately, she recovered with full mobility. And now Theron has a healthier respect for stunt doubles and leaves the dangerous stuff to the professionals.In 2006, Steve Irwin's death rocked the lives of his family, friends, fans, and fellow animal lovers. It's hard to imagine the seemingly invincible Crocodile Hunter falling victim to any animal, but unfortunately, an incident involving a giant stingray took his life.During a pause in filming for the documentary series Ocean's Deadliest at a reef in Queensland, Irwin decided to snorkel along the shore and capture footage for his daughter's show, Bindi the Jungle Girl. While in the shallow waters, Irwin encountered a 7-foot wide stingray. Apparently frightened, the stingray viciously attacked Irwin with its barbed tail. Unfortunately, one sharp stab pierced Irwin's heart and caused serious bleeding.It is considered to be the only video footage captured of a stingray attack death. After a brief police investigation, the footage of Irwin's death was destroyed at the request of his family.Jackie Chan's no stranger to doing his own stunts-- he is a proficient taekwondo, hapkido, and Chinese martial arts expert, after all. However, some injuries come along with the territory of being a martial arts movie star. One such injury landed Chan a literal hole in his head.While filming the movie Armour of God in 1987, Chan attempted to jump from a high wall into a tree. The first take was no problem, but the second take was different. Chan fell over twenty feet to the ground on his head, fracturing his skull and sending a chunk of bone into his brain. Chan miraculously came out with no brain damage despite blood literally leaking out of his ears on his way to the hospital. Today, he has a small hole in his head that is covered by a plastic plug.Ellen Burstyn's injury while filming The Exorcist is a perfect example of a director taking things too far at the expense of the cast and crew involved.For one particular scene, director William Friedkin told a stunt double to gran Burstyn roughly around the set with a wire. Burstyn made it clear that she was worried about the safety aspect of making it "look real", as was the stuntman. Friedkin allegedly told the stuntman to "not pull her so hard" but once the actress was out of earshot re-instructed him to "give it to her". Burstyn was pulled so violently that she flew across the room, landing on her coccyx.Despite her being in hysterical pain, Friedkin waited for the camera to get a good shot of her twisted-in-pain expression before calling an ambulance.It's understandable that on-set safety precautions in the twenties weren't ideal. We've come a long way in the past century without a doubt. Unfortunately, actress Martha Mansfield was a victim of the times.While filming a Civil War drama called The Warrens of Virginia in 1923, Mansfield was taking a break in a car after a filming a scene. A passerby lit a cigarette and flicked the match away, accidentally tossing it into Mansfield's lap through the car window. She was immediately ignited, as the hoopskirt costume she was wearing was covered with very flammable fabric.Lead actor Wilfred Lytell, as well as the driver of the vehicle, struggled to put Mansfield's flaming costume out. They managed to exterminate the flames before they burned her face. Unfortunately, she sustained horrendous burns all over her body which cause toxemia. She died less than a day later at only twenty-four years old.His pericardial sac, that is.While filming a major boxing fight scene in Rocky IV between himself and actor Dolph Lundgren, Stallone told Lundgren to legitimately attempt to knock him out to make the scene seem more real. Stallone's cockiness almost cost him his life-- Lundgren's punch to the chest caused Stallone's pericardial sac, the fibrous "bag" that contains the heart and major blood vessels, to enlarge and swell. The swelling began to press dangerously against Stallone's heart, nearly strangling it.Luckily, Stallone knew something felt seriously wrong and went to a hospital immediately, where he was quickly airlifted to an intensive care unit in Santa Monica to treat the life-threatening condition. He was hospitalized for nearly a week and a half and (clearly) survived.Fans of America's favorite sassy TV dad were shocked at the sudden death of 8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter actor John Ritter. While his untimely death wasn't the fault of any cast or crew, it did cause a stir in the world of medical negligence.In 2003, while rehearsing a scene for the show, Ritter allegedly began sweating and complaining of chest pains before collapsing on set. He was immediately rushed to a medical center across from the studio where he was misdiagnosed with a heart attack. In reality, Ritter suffered from a completely different condition called aortic dissection. His condition worsened until his doctors realized their mistake, but it was too late. He died during surgery.Ritter's family sued the radiologist and cardiologist who treated Ritter and received nearly $14 million in reparations.Tyrone Power was an American matinee idol and film actor active through the forties and fifties, admired for his stunning looks and diverse acting roles. Unfortunately, this mid-century heartthrob only made it to 44 years of age.While filming the 1958 film Solomon and Sheba, Power had a massive heart attack while filming a fencing scene with co-star George Sanders. He was transported to a nearby hospital (notably still in his King Solomon costume) where he died. Doctors claim his cause of death was a condition in which blood "chokes" the aorta and prevents one's ability to breathe.The story is even more tragic as Power's wife Deborah was pregnant at the time, giving birth to Power's son less than two months after his death.The Magic Mike star's career (and maybe his life) could have been cut short in 2009.While filming one particular scene for The Eagle, Tatum had to wear a wetsuit and wade through very cold water in a river. To avoid hypothermia, the crew was told to mix boiling water and cold water from the river and pour it into Tatum's suit between takes.Unfortunately, a crew member forgot to mix the water during the last shot of the day and accidentally scolded Tatum with boiling water. Since Tatum was wearing a wetsuit, it was impossible to get away from the boiling water, which burned some of the skin of his legs off.After being rushed to the hospital and pumped with morphine, Tatum managed to recover.Beloved martial arts superstar Bruce Lee died a very untimely death at the age of thirty-two. To this day, rumors and conspiracy theories about the legitimacy of his cause of death are still discussed.While dubbing for the film Enter the Dragon, Lee suffered from intense migraines and seizures before collapsing. After being rushed to a Hong Kong hospital Lee was diagnosed with cerebral edema-- a condition that causes serious brain swelling. While doctors were able to treat him for the condition, the cause of the swelling-- an allergic reaction to a painkiller-- was unknown at the time. He died just over two months later.Brandon Lee, the son of Bruce Lee, also died from a freak accident. This lead to rumors that the Lee family are victims of a curse.Remember the 2003 film Gothika? Outside of being one of the most hated movies ever, the film also cost Halle Berry an unbroken forearm.While portraying a psychologist wrongly placed in a mental hospital, Berry attempts to escape the clutches of an evil doctor played by Robert Downey Jr. While filming a physical struggle with Downey Jr., Berry attempted to make the scene look as real as possible. Unfortunately, she tried to force herself out of his grip with too much stamina and broke her ulna-- one of the bones of the forearm. After only three weeks in recovery, Berry returned to finished the film."I knew that it was broken instantly and Robert knew it too because he heard [the bone] snap," said Berry of the incident.---Do you know of any other on-set accidents? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
A lot of people work very hard to make movies. All of them attempt to create something that will entertain and satisfy the audiences who fork over their hard-earned money for a ticket. There's a lot of creativity – and often a lot of passion – involved. The goal of a film critic, meanwhile, is to be honest, to assess what works and what doesn't. When the movie gets good reviews, everyone is happy. When it doesn't, the people who made it can occasionally feel a little hurt or even angry.More often than not, they simply take bad reviews for what they are: constructive criticism from people who love cinema enough to dedicate their lives to writing about it. But every once in a while, an actor or director gets angry enough to strike back at something a critic said. And at times, it can get ugly.What follows are examples of that ugliness. Here are 13 Stars and Directors Who Publicly Feuded With Film Critics.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewSamuel L. Jackson doesn't like any you-know-what snakes on his you-know-what plane. He apparently doesn't like critics taking shots at his major blockbuster either. In 2012, Jackson took umbrage over the fact that New York Times film critic A.O. Scott gave a negative review to The Avengers, a film that had been warmly received by the majority of critics. Specifically, Scott said the movie was full of “bloated cynicism” and “grinding, hectic emptiness.”Jackson responded by going on Twitter and saying that Scott “needs a new job...one that he can ACTUALLY do.” The critic retweeted Jackson's comment, saying he felt “more flattered than threatened” and implying that Jackson's disgust may have actually proven his point. The back-and-forth continued, with the actor accusing Scott of having a “jaundiced” posterior. Eventually, both parties let the matter drop, and with more than $600 million in receipts at the U.S. box office alone, Jackson didn't have reason to stew much longer.Rex Reed has been a recognizable film critic for decades. In recent years, though, he's achieved a reputation for making his negative reviews a little too personal at times. That's exactly what happened when he reviewed the Jason Bateman/Melissa McCarthy comedy Identity Thief. Reed, who didn't care for McCarthy's performance, referred to the actress as a “female hippo” and called her “tractor-sized.” He also openly stated that her weight was a “gimmick” that she capitalized on to earn easy laughs.For her part, McCarthy attempted to take the high road. She shrugged off his body-shaming by saying Reed was clearly “in a really bad spot” and “swimming in so much hate,” while admitting that such comments likely would have devastated her when she was younger. The critic refused to back down. He told one website that he'd lost many good friends to obesity and didn't find it to be a laughing matter. That excuse rang hollow given the unnecessary meanness of his words. In any regard, Identity Thief was a hit, and Melissa McCarthy has enjoyed a successful career, supported by fans who adore her.You may not know the name Richard LaGravenese, but you'll definitely recognize some of the movies he's written: The Bridges of Madison County, The Horse Whisperer, Water for Elephants, Unbroken. His breakout script was also his second to be produced. The Fisher King -- which starred Robin Williams and Jeff Bridges -- earned LaGravenese an Oscar nomination for Best Original Screenplay in 1992. One critic who was less than impressed with his work was Gene Siskel. On the annual Academy Awards preview episode of Siskel & Ebert, the critic selected LaGravenese's script as the least deserving nominee in the major categories.Needless to say, this didn't sit well with the writer. For his next screenplay, a comedy called The Ref, he created the character of a balding, ethically-questionable military school instructor who gets blackmailed over some provocative photos with topless women. That character's name? Siskel. The inclusion of his uncommon last name surprised the critic when he attended a press screening of the film. Siskel responded to the slight by saying it was an ill-conceived form of revenge, since audiences might be expecting an Ebert joke to follow, thereby distracting them from the story. He also humorously lamented that Jack Nicholson didn't play the character. (A then-unknown J.K. Simmons, aka Gym Gordon, did.) Perhaps not-so-concidentally, Siskel gave The Ref a "thumbs down" on the Siskel & Ebert show.Darren Aronofsky is the visionary director of Requiem for a Dream, The Wrestler, and Noah. Armond White is the film critic for the New York Press, and a man known for his contrarian reviews. He puts out an annual "better than" list in which he insists that the movies that get the worst reviews are actually better than those that get the most favorable reviews. (As a reference, he once tried to make the case that Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance was better than Zero Dark Thirty.)  These two strong-minded gentlemen ended up going toe-to-toe at, of all places, an awards ceremony.During the 2011 New York Film Critics Circle awards dinner, White -- who was the group's chairman as well as the evening's host -- openly made known his disdain for many of the films the organization was honoring. It became so uncomfortable for the attendees that Aronofsky couldn't take it anymore. Onstage to present an award to his Black Swan cinematographer Matthew Libatique, the director took his shot, telling White, who had severely panned Black Swan, to "keep it up" and saying that he provided "another reason not to read the New York Press." Upon returning to the stage later, White responded by sniping, "Darren reads me. That's all I want. And because he reads me, he knows the truth."It's hard to believe that someone who made a lowbrow comedy called Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo would argue passionately for the artistic merits of his work, but that's just what Rob Schneider did. When Los Angeles Times critic Patrick Goldstein mocked the film's lack of Oscar-worthiness and referred to Schneider as a "third-rate comic," the actor took out an ad in an industry trade paper sarcastically accusing Goldstein of being unqualified to pass judgement on Deuce Bigalow because he hadn't won a Pulitzer Prize. Fellow critic Roger Ebert jumped to Goldstein's defense, pointing out that he himself had won a Pulitzer. He wrote: "Speaking in my official capacity as a Pulitzer Prize winner, Mr. Schneider, your movie sucks."Despite that smackdown, Schneider and Ebert were eventually able to make nice with one another. When the venerated critic was ill with cancer, Schneider sent him a bouquet of flowers. After he passed away, his widow Chaz reached out to Schneider, who admitted Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo wasn't very good and expressed admiration for Ebert's love of cinema. It represented a rare happy ending to an actor/critic feud.Because he was the most well-known film critic in America for many years, it's no surprise that Roger Ebert found himself in more than one feud. At the Cannes Film Festival in 2003, he walked out of a screening of model-turned-actor/director Vincent Gallo's The Brown Bunny, declaring it the worst film ever to screen at the fest. Gallo responded by calling Ebert a "fat pig" and wishing colon cancer on him. The critic fired back, stating that watching a video of his own colonoscopy was more entertaining than watching The Brown Bunny.Then an amazing thing happened. After the bad response at Cannes, Gallo re-cut his film, trimming it by nearly thirty minutes and tightening up its narrative. Ebert reviewed the new version -- and gave it a thumbs up, saying that the editing had turned it into a different, more coherent picture. He and Gallo were later able to make amends in person.The Lone Ranger was supposed to do two things: be a blockbuster hit and turn Armie Hammer into a star. In reality, the movie flopped hard at the box office and arguably hurt Hammer's career. So when the time came to promote the film for international audiences, Hammer and co-star Johnny Depp (who was singled out for his unappealing portrayal of Tonto) were a little touchy. During an interview after the picture's U.S. release, the actors took a swipe at the people they blamed for The Lone Ranger's failure: film critics.Depp openly suggested that the reviews were written "seven to eight months before we released the film" and that critics were opposed to him re-teaming with Pirates of the Caribbean director Gore Verbinski and producer Jerry Bruckheimer. Hammer took it a step further, accusing critics of "gunning for" the movie because of its well-documented production problems and budget overruns. Critics, he said, "decided to slit the jugular" of The Lone Ranger. These comments stirred up a flurry of critical reactions online, with most critics pointing out that they didn't make the movie and therefore shouldn't be blamed for the public's rejection of it.Kevin Smith owes his career to film critics. It was they who supported his low-budget indie debut Clerks, putting it on the public's radar. That's why it was so surprising when Smith later attacked them with such vitriol. After years of making independent comedies, the filmmaker decided that he wanted to try his hand at a mainstream studio film. The result was Cop Out, a buddy cop movie starring Bruce Willis and Tracy Morgan.Smith openly admitted that this was by no means a passion project. He wanted to make a commercial hit. Nevertheless, Smith was incredibly wounded by the largely negative reviews Cop Out received, likening them to "bullying a retarded kid." In a lengthy Twitter rant, he announced that critics would no longer be allowed to screen his films in advance, for free. They would have to pay to review them. He also accused critics of not creating anything worthwhile (as if a career of facilitating discussion about art has no merit.) Richard Roeper was the critic Smith singled out most for panning Cop Out. Having filled in once for the ailing Roger Ebert on the Ebert & Roeper show and apparently believing that earned him a lifetime pass on negative assessments, he called Roeper "the kind of guy who's nice to your face, then stabs you in the back." Making his outburst even more odd was that Smith had long made light of the negative reviews of Jersey Girl, a picture that was far more personal to him.The rant, not surprisingly, inspired a multitude of critics to defend themselves in print, poking holes in Smith's arguments. Eventually, the filmmaker softened up a bit, going on to make intentionally divisive pictures like Red State and Tusk, and saying that he was "too old to fight or care anymore."Roger Ebert (again!) did not like Independence Day. Nor did he like Stargate or Universal Solider. This apparently rankled the man who directed all three of those pictures, Roland Emmerich. So, taking a page out of the Richard LaGravenese playbook, he decided to get some not-so-subtle onscreen revenge against his perceived nemesis. For the 1998 movie Godzilla, Emmerich and co-writer Dean Devlin created two interesting supporting characters. One was the bespectacled, overweight, and highly ineffectual Mayor Ebert, whose poor decisions put the good citizens of New York City in peril. The other was the mayor's assistant, a bald man named "Gene" (after Ebert's professional partner Gene Siskel).Neither critic positively reviewed the film, and Ebert insisted that they'd gotten off lightly, saying that he thought the mayor and his assistant would be squashed by Godzilla. He also got the last laugh in his review with this sentiment: "Now that I've inspired a character in a Godzilla movie, all I really still desire is for several Ingmar Bergman characters to sit in a circle and read my reviews to one another in hushed tones."When you're the King of the World, hearing criticism can be more than a little galling. Case in point: James Cameron. Despite incredible box office success, largely rave reviews, and heaps of awards praise, Cameron couldn't let go of one of the few professional writers who failed to recognize the genius of Titanic. He penned a lengthy tirade against Los Angeles Times critic Kenneth Turan for what he described as "an incessant rain of personal barbs" regarding the film. ("A movie that reeks of phoniness and lacks even minimal originality" was one of the review's more harsh observations.) Among his accusations was that Turan was "simmering in his own bile," engaging in "paternalism and elitism," and "insulting the majority of the filmgoing public."For his part, Turan tried not to engage. He largely let his review speak for itself, although years later, he claimed that Cameron had emailed the paper's editors demanding that he be fired. The Times opted to let him keep his position.On the other end of the spectrum is Alex Proyas. Whereas Cameron's Titanic won the Best Picture Oscar and was, for many years, the highest-grossing film in history, Proyas' Gods of Egypt was a massive (and expensive) flop that earned a dismal 12% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The director -- who had previously made Dark City, The Crow, and I, Robot -- was very displeased by the reception to his 2016 movie. After opening to a weak $14 million, Proyas posted an epic Facebook tirade to express his displeasure. We'll give you one guess who he blamed for the failure of his work. Hint: it wasn't himself.Proyas called film critics "deranged idiots" and "diseased vultures" who are "less than worthless." He went on to accuse them of basing their opinions on what their colleagues say, and implied that the general public doesn't listen to them anyway. Many critics responded by pointing out the flaws in Proyas' argument, such as the fact that critics publish their reviews before there's a consensus, and that if the average moviegoer doesn't pay attention to critics, it was illogical to blame them for the utter failure of Gods of Egypt. The majority of romantic comedies are extremely formulaic. Comedian Amy Schumer made her debut as a big screen leading lady with a romcom she wrote herself, Trainwreck. Like her stand-up routine, it was filled with hilariously painful self-analysis. The movie was raunchy and funny, and even a bit dark at times. Certainly nothing formulaic about it. Instead of giving Schumer credit for trying to forge a different path, Jeffrey Wells -- blogger at Hollywood Elsewhere and a member of the Broadcast Film Critics Association -- opted to tear her down. Wells griped that Schumer was "not conventionally attractive" and "chubby," while adding there was "no way she'd be an object of heated interest in the real world." He wasn't done. After being called out by many of his readers, Wells published a second post, in which he called her "not grade-A or even B-plus material, certainly by my standards, as well as those of any moderately-attractive, fair-minded heterosexual dude who's feeling hormonal."Schumer responded using the most powerful tools in her arsenal: forthrightness and humor. First, she tweeted a picture of herself in her underwear with the caption "I am a size six and have no plans of changing. This is it. Stay on or get off." She then revealed to the Hollywood Reporter that Wells had tried to date her after his post. Finally, she devoted an entire episode of her Comedy Central series Inside Amy Schumer to the subject, with a 22-minute 12 Angry Men parody in which a bunch of Wells-ian male jurors try to determine whether she's hot enough to be on TV. Now that's how you drop a mic!Thus far, all the feuds we've looked at have been verbal or in writing. Here's one that actually got physical. Director Uwe Boll is best known for a series of video game-based movies (Alone in the Dark, Bloodrayne, Postal, Far Cry) that critics called incompetently made. Their bad reviews went beyond your garden variety thumbs-down. Most of his films have Rotten Tomatoes scores of less than 10%. His highest is only 25%. You get the picture.Boll hated critics as much as they hated him, so he offered to step into the boxing ring with the critics who most harshly wrote about him. On the surface, it sounded great. The writers who despised his work could get in a couple of shots for putting them through agony, while he could get a chance to knock them just as they knocked him. It should have been cathartic for everyone. But what Boll declined to mention was that this was more than just a PR stunt. He knew how to box, and he had every intention of beating the crap out of his opponents.That's just what he did. Boll fought four critics in one night -- Richard Kyanka, Jeff Sneider, Chris Alexander, and Chance Mintner -- handily defeating all of them. Of course, this didn't do anything to help him get better reviews, but it certainly offered the much-maligned director a chance to take his aggression out on the writers who panned his work. By the way, if you want to see an example of how brutal it got, here you go!---Who do you think won each of these feuds? Give us your thoughts in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In recent years, box office sales have plummeted as newer film properties have continued to disinterest viewers. The rise of superhero movies has single-handedly saved studios from financial ruin. As the turn-out increases for tentpole franchises like the MCU and DCEU, the yearly output of superhero flicks only grows, but not all actors are eager to embrace the direction of the new Hollywood blockbuster trend.As many actors will tell you, signing a contract with a big player like Marvel Studios could mean signing your career away. Not only does a contract come with a years-long commitment, but it forever brands your image as a specific character. For DC Comics, the stakes couldn’t be higher. After multiple disappointing blockbusters like Batman v Superman and Suicide Squad, Warner Bros. seems to have finally found some life with the help of Wonder Woman. With the studio know under the spotlight, it will be of utmost importance to select the right actors to portray some of comics’ most iconic characters.For better or worse, superhero roles are ingrained into the public conscience. DC already knows what it’s like to see its properties destroyed by the big screen, having witnessed it multiple times before. For some performers depicting a superhero accurately was too much of a burden to bear, spelling the beginning of the end of their time on screen.Join us as we take a look at the 15 Actors Whose Careers Were Ruined By DC Movies.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIn June 2004, after multiple attempts to resurrect Superman on the big screen, director Bryan Singer approached Warner Bros with a quasi-sequel to 1987’s The Quest for Peace. With the blessing of Richard Donner, director of the 1978 Superman film, the studio commenced pre-production on the project under one condition: only an unknown actor could play the lead.After a worldwide casting call, the crew finally settled on Brandon Routh, a small-time soap opera star. Immediately thrust into the spotlight, the insurmountable pressure was too much for Routh who was criticized for looking the part but lacking the charisma that Christopher Reeve brought to the role. Since Superman Returns, Routh’s film roles have significantly diminished, with parts in movies like Scott Pilgrim vs the World. Today, he’s mostly known as Ray Palmer on Legends of Tomorrow, his second DC role.After the release of 1992’s Batman Returns, increasing pressures to churn out another Batman sequel led to director Tim Burton stepping down from the project. When Michael Keaton followed suit, director Joel Schumacher openly sought Val Kilmer as his replacement, having watched the actor’s performance as Doc Holliday in the western Tombstone.After breaking onto the scene with Real Genius and Top Gun, Kilmer began turning heads as the ‘60s rock legend Jim Morrison in Oliver Stone’s biopic The Doors. Blessed with his first opportunity to star in a blockbuster, he accepted the role of Bruce Wayne in Batman Forever before ever meeting Schumacher. The director would later describe his time with Kilmer as impossible, calling home childish and demanding.Ultimately, Kilmer would never star in another blockbuster and would later make headlines after dealing with a string of health issues and appearing reclusive upon fading from the spotlight.Starting out as a small screen actress on Canadian television, Malin Akerman’s first Hollywood role would be a small but memorable part in Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle. She soon carved a niche for herself in the comedy world with supporting roles in films like 27 Dresses and The Heartbreak Kid, but her first opportunity to breakout as a serious dramatic actor would ultimately go to waste when she accepted the role of the second Silk Spectre in Watchmen.Despite surprising some critics with her heroic turn, the movie did little to help Akerman’s image. The actress has since scrutinizing her performance, saying she often appeared disengaged while reciting her lines. After the film, she would follow up her dramatic effort with roles in Rock of Ages and the indie flick Happythankyoumoreplease. Today, she mostly sticks to television with a starring role in the Showtime drama Billions.Before accepting the role for which he will forever be known, the late Adam West was a versatile actor who enjoyed a wide range of supporting roles. Beginning with a small but memorable performance in the Paul Newman-starring The Young Philadelphians, he would later show his range by playing the straight man to the Three Stooges in their final feature film, The Outlaws Is Coming.As the Caped Crusader, Adam West brightened Gotham City with a campy superhero rendition that was more comedic than serious. Although his career was set in stone with the popularity of the series, he only solidified his fate with the 1966 movie, in which he famously maced a shark with paper spray. West embraced his role as Batman and went on to voice the character in many animated roles, but he’s still most famous for being the first recognizable actor to don the Batsuit.Never a fan of sequels, Tim Burton’s Batman Returns was more of a standalone feature than a follow-up to the director’s 1989 hit. Distancing Gotham’s Dark Knight from the first film meant leaving other cast members behind, including Kim Basinger’s Vicki Vale - the prize-winning photo-journalist and Bruce Wayne’s love interest.Following her brief stint as Burton’s damsel in distress, Basinger had a rather unconventional Hollywood life. Her time on the superhero movie introduced the world to one of the most unlikely celebrity couples after she was spotted spending time with Prince, who worked on the Batman soundtrack. She later met her first husband Alec Baldwin while filming The Marrying Man. After filing for bankruptcy due to the ill-advised purchase of a small town in Georgia, she won an Oscar for her role in L.A. Confidential, making her last big mark in film before disappearing again.Before he danced to the relief of Gold Bond foot spray and got into heated arguments with Charles Barkley on Inside the NBA, Shaquille O’Neal was Shaqtin’ a fool in Hollywood’s worst movies. Unlike Michael Jordan who struck it big in the 1996 cult classic Space Jam, the Lakers center had a hard time convincing movie-goers that he was a capable leading man.Making his big screen debut in the same year as Jordan, Shaq made a lasting impression with his painful turn as a wish-granting genie in Kazaam. The following year, he transitioned to a more serious role, taking on the character of John Henry Irons in Steel. The superhero flick received similarly terrible reviews and grossed a total of only $1.7 million at the box office.The big guy eventually went back to the court, where he collected a total of four NBA championships.In the early ‘80s, shortly after experimenting in the modeling world, Heather Locklear began a career-defining friendship with Aaron Spelling. The well known television producer would give the starlet her first break with her role as Sammy Jo Dean in Dynasty. Altogether, the duo would collaborate on eight television series, including Beverly Hills 90210 and Melrose Place, but ultimately Locklear would never break out past the small screen.In 1989, the same year Dynasty was canceled, Locklear took a role in The Return of Swamp Thing. Her part as Abigail Arcane, the love interest of the titular comic book character, was met with heavy criticism, specifically for a hallucinogenic love scene. In the end, Locklear walked away with a Razzie for Worst Actress and her film career never recuperated. Luckily, her television roles weren’t stained by the embarrassing performance.A lesser known comic book protagonist, Jonah Hex was a western anti-hero with a boorish attitude and a crazed history to match. During his childhood, his mother ran away with a traveling salesmen, leaving him to be traded to an Apache tribe before becoming a bounty hunter. Appearing in Jonah Hex #16, Tallulah Black was a woman of the night who witnessed her entire family being slaughtered before teaming up with Hex.In the 2010 movie, Black is portrayed by Megan Fox and reduced to a mere love interest. Apart from the unconvincing chemistry between Fox and leading man Josh Brolin, the actress ditches Tallulah's signature disfigured look and stays as beautiful as, well, Megan Fox.Since the film, her biggest accomplishments roles in the rebooted Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise and the comedy series New Girl.Among Batman fans, it’s common for readers to bash Robin. First introduced in 1940 as Dick Grayson, the Boy Wonder threw a wrench into Bob Kane's sullen, pulp action depiction of Gotham. As the depressing loner on the brink of self-destruction, Batman needed an anchor to keep him from going off the deep end, making Robin a necessary part of his world.Introduced through Joel Schumacher’s terrible decision making, Chris O’Donnell never had a chance at pleasing fans as Grayson. Before accepting the role, O’Donnell had actually become a hot commodity, turning in performances in movies like Fried Green Tomatoes and Scent of a Woman. Batman & Robin would prove to be the last strike of his film career.Today, shows like Grey’s Anatomy and NCIS: Los Angeles have kept him in the public eye, but to most, he'll forever be recognized as Batman’s sidekick in two of the worst superhero movies ever created.For all the praise thrown at Christopher Nolan’s Dark Knight trilogy, one of the lasting stains on the franchise remains the casting of Katie Holmes as Rachel Dawes in Batman Begins. Mostly known for playing Joey Potter in Dawson’s Creek, Holmes broke into the movie world with parts in Wonder Boys and The Gift and even won a few awards for her performance in the Sundance hit Pieces of April.Largely criticized for being one-dimensional, Katie Holmes appeared to be going through the motions as Dawes. After a public marriage to Tom Cruise began to overshadow her acting career, Holmes turned down the opportunity to return for The Dark Knight, eventually being replaced by Maggie Gyllenhaal.Since turning down The Dark Night, Holmes’ biggest projects have included movies like Mad Money and playing Jackie O in The Kennedys miniseries, neither of which left a strong impression on viewers.When Richard Donner’s big screen vision of Superman flew into theaters in 1978, actress Margot Kidder was 30 years old. As the hard-hitting investigative journalist Lois Lane, she was every bit of Christopher Reeve’s equal, matching him with just the right amount of sarcasm and wit. When Bryan Singer announced that Kidder’s version of Lane would be followed up by Kate Bosworth - an unproven 22 year old actress - the casting was rightly met with skepticism.Bosworth’s turn as Lane was perhaps the most unique to date, but the character was ultimately wasted on a half-baked subplot in which the headstrong character became a mother to the Man of Steel’s son while he was away on Krypton. Bosworth’s miscasting coupled with the middling reviews for the superhero flick proved too much for the actress and, much like her superhero co-star, she’s appeared in nothing significant since.Any actor wary of playing a superhero in a multi-million dollar franchise may have a reason for reluctance. Prior to the MCU, there was a stigma placed on superhero roles. Out the gate, Christopher Reeve’s career appeared easy as the Man of Steel. He had the all-American look down, but with his form-fitting suit came high expectations.By the time Superman IV: The Quest for Peace hit theaters, viewers had grown noticeably tired of the Kryptonian. It was both a critical and commercial failure, and the villain Nuclear Man became one of the mostly laughably bad characters in movie history.After turning down roles in films like Fatal Attraction and Lethal Weapon, Reeve’s life took an unexpected turn when he was paralyzed from the neck down after falling from a horse. He spent his final days raising awareness for the advancement of spinal cord injury research before passing in 2004.The '90s were a confusing time for Alicia Silverstone. She became an overnight sensation after starring in the music video for Aerosmith’s “Cryin’” and within a year was awarded the trophy for Best Breakthrough Performance at the MTV Movie Awards for The Crush. In the years that followed, her career appeared iffy with some not so memorable thrillers. It all looked to be going down hill, with the exception of her role in the cult teen classic Clueless.Back on the radar, Silverstone sought to punch her ticket to stardom by taking a part as Batgirl in Batman & Robin. Rather than playing Barbara Gordon, daughter to Commissioner Gordon, Silverstone portrayed a made-up member of the Bat Family: Barbara Wilson, the computer-hacking niece of Alfred Pennyworth. The character was a forced addition to an already overly written plot and only hurt Silverstone’s Hollywood status moving forward.Three years removed from her Academy Award winning performance in the hard-hitting Southern drama Monster’s Ball, Halle Berry appeared to have her career in check. She already had a prominent role in the X-Men movies and her stock was only growing. Unfortunately, she would follow her role as Storm with Catwoman, a movie with no connections to Bob Kane’s Batman universe.Appearing as a degraded version of Catwoman, Berry was put in a skin-tight outfit and forced to act in a dimwitted plot involving a conspiracy at a cosmetics company. The lead character Patience Phillips was so poorly written that she actually hissed and moved about like a cat, making us wonder why Berry agreed to appear in the movie.After this massive failure, Berry returned to the X-Men saga, but none of her other projects have turned heads as of late.Unlike the other actors on this list, Sean Connery’s career wasn't merely tarnished by a DC Comics adaptation. For the big screen veteran, his inclusion in The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen was the end of his career. Already sparsely appearing in roles, he called it quits in 2005, citing his disillusionment with Hollywood as his reason for leaving. Of course, the box office failure of LXG didn't help much either.As a transformative comic book icon, Alan Moore shares Connery’s distaste for Hollywood's mistreatment of source material. The writer’s work inspired film adaptations for V for Vendetta and Watchmen, but his first major run-in with cinema was LXG. The superhero team-up of some of literature’s biggest characters ultimately fell short of Moore’s morally complex tale. Seeing such promising vision go to waste has kept Connery from the spotlight and according to him, he’s all the happier for it.---What other stars' careers were hurt by DC movies? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In the high stakes, big budget world of professional film and TV, there isn't much room for mistakes. The recent high profile firing of directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller from the upcoming young Han Solo film is a grim reminder that both casts and crews don't enjoy a whole lot of job security. On the whole, though, directors are considerably safer than actors, and are frequently the ones doing the firing themselves. Even the brightest, most talented stars in the business have found themselves on the wrong side of the wrong person, and subsequently ended up out of a job, but expert PR teams on both sides means it can often take years for the true details of a firing to come out. When they finally do, they are often shocking, hilarious, or downright bizarre.We've all seen the "creative differences’" euphemism, and there have been some pretty unbelievable clashes of personalities, arguments over pay, and difficulties with substance abuse. But did you know that a Hollywood A-Lister once got sacked for a fight over a half-chicken lunch? Read on for the weird and wonderful 15 Actors Who Were Fired For Shocking Reasons. Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThe Iron Man star famously had some turbulent years in the middle of his career. Long before he was flying around in a high tech suit handing out other high-tech suits to teenagers, Robert Downey Jr was sacked from the 2001 Joe Roth film America's Sweethearts due to drug charges. The movie was intended to form part of his acting comeback: he spent a considerable amount of time in prison in the late '90s due to struggles with cocaine and heroin addiction, something that he’s since been fairly candid about. Unfortunately, the comeback had to wait until after his 2003 stint in rehab. He was also sacked from television series Ally McBeal in 2001. It's worth noting that as well as being Iron Man, Downey Jr has an iron will: he's been clean for years now, and we can safely assume that if he stops playing the character, it won't be because he's ended up back behind bars. As if Arnie wasn't supplying enough buff, the original cast of Predator also included Jean Claude Van Damme and his absolutely outrageous physique. The “Muscles From Brussels” (yes, that's really what Jean-Claude was known as: it was the '80s, don't try to understand), was cast as the titular bloodsport-loving alien, but was sacked after a short period by producer Joel Silver.There are various legends as to how and why this happened, but the most entertaining by far is a tale involving Van Damme's love of kickboxing. Supposedly, Van Damme was determined to make the Predator some sort of intergalactic kickboxing monster, an idea which Silver profoundly disagreed with. You can see why: it's hard to imagine Arnie’s final, desperate battle with the Predator being a mass of flailing legs and roundhouses.Regardless, Silver reportedly sacked Van Damme for refusing to drop the idea, and Van Damme responded with the maturity of all of his 27 years and told the producer to kiss his balls. Ultimately, it's probably just as well he was fired, as between Carl Weathers and Schwarzenegger there were too many bulging biceps on board in any case.Pitch Perfect actress Rebel Wilson recently launched and won a legal challenge against Australian magazine publishers Bauer Media, who published articles about her that were found to be defamatory. She claimed that the articles caused her to be effectively fired from a major role in Kung Fu Panda 3, as well as a role in Trolls. Supposedly Willis was told by producers that she had become "divisive" and that therefore Dreamworks had deemed her unsuitable for animated films aimed at children. It's an unpleasant situation that highlights the importance studios often place on a performer's public image: regardless of the outcome of Wilson’s case, those jobs have gone. Dreamworks, however, aren't saying much about the situation and it’s perfectly possible that Wilson was sacked for another reason entirely. Either way, at the moment, she's a Rebel with a cause, and it will be interesting to see her next move following her win.Marcus Chong is best known for his exceptional performance in the original Matrix film, in which he played an important supporting role. His character, Tank, saves all of the protagonists lives and gets to brutally murder one of the main villains while spitting on his corpse. It's fairly awesome, and should have been Chong’s springboard onto other projects, most obviously at least one of the Matrix’s sequels. But it was not to be: the Wachowskis, alongside producers including Joel Silver (again), reportedly fired Chong from the follow ups and replaced him with Harold Perrineau. The details have never been entirely clear, but it appears to be a combination of a dispute over salary and reports that Chong was making threatening phone calls, stealing food, and generally making a nuisance of himself. To make matters weirder, as the above article notes, Chong sued the production team for not only allegedly breaking their promises to recast him, but also for portraying him as "a terrorist" in the press. No wonder they pulled the plug. On a positive note, there doesn’t appear to be any evidence that anyone told Joel Silver to kiss anyone's balls at any point in the process. Jamie Waylett rose to fame as Draco Malfoy’s portly little henchman Vincent Crabbe, appearing in the first six Harry Potter films. He provided general bullying backup, ate drugged cupcakes, and followed his blond boss around the place looking intimidating. Then abruptly, Waylett was conspicuously absent from the two film adaptation of the Deathly Hallows. Given the mass hysteria and hype surrounding the Harry Potter franchise, it didn't take long for the reasons behind his firing to come out: Waylett was arrested in 2009 on cannabis possession charges, and was dropped for the final two movies. Perhaps after his on screen experiences, he had developed a liking for space cakes, as he had 10 suspicious plants growing in his home. The police decided that gillyweed it was not, and the incident effectively ended his career. He was later arrested again and jailed during the 2012 London Riots.  The gifted actor Terrence Howard picked up an important supporting role in 2008’s Iron Man, alongside the previously mentioned Robert Downey Jr. He played James “Rhodey” Rhodes, a friend of the eponymous hero and the eventual wearer in Iron Man 2 of an adapted Iron Man suit, featuring lots and lots of guns. Only Howard never donned the “War Machine” suit because he was dropped for the film's sequels, and was replaced by Don Cheadle.At first glance the firing seemed to be over a simple contract dispute: Howard wanted more money for the sequels than Marvel were willing to pay. However, as we reported a few years back, the details of the issue are fairly shocking, with Howard asserting that Downey Jr “took the money that was supposed to go to me and pushed me out.”If true, it's a sad tale of betrayal that would make for an interesting Marvel movie subplot. At the very least, it does make this clip pretty funny, in a sad sort of way.Megan Fox formed a major part of the first two Transformers films, serving as the love interest of Shia LaBeouf’s awkward Sam Witwicky, as well as being tasked with making complex mechanical repair operations sexy. The enormously successful franchise has since spawned a further three films, the latest of which Transformers: The Last Knight opened on June 22nd. None of these featured Fox, who was fired after 2009’s Transformers: Revenge Of The Fallen. Why? She made some extremely ill-advised comments to British magazine Wonderland, in which she compared the franchise’s director Michael Bay to Hitler. While it doesn’t seem as though she was trying to offend, it seems obvious in hindsight that comparing your employer with a central European dictator who was responsible for a holocaust is a bad idea. It was Transformers executive producer Steven Spielberg who supposedly took particular issue with the comments, and when Spielberg says go, you go.Charlie Sheen’s departure from Two and A Half Men is perhaps the most infamous firing in recent years. His bizarre, erratic, and insulting behavior toward the show's producers and creators in the run up to his eventual dismissal have become legendary, with the actor unleashing rambling torrents of insults towards producer Chuck Lorre in particular during several interviews. After Sheen was finally dropped, Lorre revealed that the decision was a “moral one”  due to the fact that Sheen was so heavily reliant on cocaine that the producers felt his life was at risk. He was replaced by Ashton Kutcher until the show eventually ended in 2015. Sheen is apparently clean now, and revealed that part of his meltdown was related to his diagnosis as HIV positive. He thinks the best thing to come out of the whole firing process is some great quotes and catchphrases. Winning?The talented former child star Lindsay Lohan had a series of legal issues, health problems and major PR nightmares following her rise to superstardom in the early 2000s. It’s widely known that she partied hard and was frequently unreliable on various filming projects. Back in 2013, she was reportedly fired on the first day of filming The Canyons, an erotic thriller written by American Psycho’s Bret Easton Ellis. Ellis has stated that he was against hiring her in the first place, but she was rehired and eventually managed to complete the film. But not before she had reportedly shown up to set exhausted after wild parties with Lady Gaga. Or before she had cost the production $46,000 on a hotel room. To put that into perspective, the film grossed $56,825. In this particular case, perhaps firing Lohan outright would have been a better decision.James Remar was originally cast as the heroic, capable, alien blasting Corporal Hicks in James Cameron’s 1986 film Aliens, but he was rapidly replaced by Michael Biehn under mysterious circumstances. This probably turned out for the best, as the excellent on screen chemistry between Biehn and Sigourney Weaver contributed massively to the success of the film. In the years since its release, various stories have emerged about why Remar was booted so quickly: initially he said that he had “urgent matters” to attend to back in the United States, and therefore had to leave the filming location in England. Later, he revealed that he was in fact struggling with a serious drug habit, which cost him his job when James Cameron busted him for possession. Remar has since stated that he managed to get past his problems, and has gone on to have a long and successful career.With a major part in long running television series Grey’s Anatomy as overbearing neat freak Dr. Preston Burke, Isaiah Washington had what most actors can only dream of: a steady job working with a talented cast. He was one of the shows early stars, but after 2007’s third season he has appeared only once, having been fired after losing his cool backstage and allegedly assaulted fellow cast member Patrick Dempsey. Even then, as such a mainstay of the series, Washington probably would have gotten away with the scuffle had he not also reportedly insulted another cast member, T.R Knight, with a homophobic slur. He hung on for a few months, issuing an apology and patching things up with Dempsey, but no amount of surgery could save this particular patient: network ABC announced in mid 2007 that Washington wouldn't return for series Criminal Minds owes a great deal of its phenomenal success to its star of 11 seasons, Thomas Gibson. His portrayal of Aaron Hotchner as a grim, gruff, complicated boss with a heart of gold helped to win the show fans all over the world. Things haven't always been so straightforward, though.Over the years, Gibson has repeatedly found himself in trouble with the producers of the show, for anything from DUI charges to scuffles with cast and crew members. Everything came to a head in mid 2016, when Gibson allegedly kicked writer/producer Virgil Williams on the shins after demanding he alter a line Gibson was unhappy with. Gibson claims it was nothing serious, and that his dismissal came as a complete shock.Garland’s story is a sad one of that revealed a vain, ruthless underbelly beneath the shining veneer of the mid 20th century Hollywood image. Having become hooked on drugs following draconian, borderline inhumane control of her diet and weight throughout the filming of The Wizard of Oz, Garland was never the same, with her personal and professional life spiralling out of control.Over the following years she was fired repeatedly from various MGM Studios projects that she was meant to star in. Garland would show up late or not show up at all, or would arrive strung out on pills and alcohol. Ultimately MGM fired Garland entirely, releasing her from her contact and essentially throwing her to the wolves. This seems extremely cold considering her substance abuse problems were arguably precipitated by the earlier actions of major MGM figures. Sadly, Garland died from a overdose of barbiturates at the age of 47, having never managed to overcome her addictions.Sometimes an actor being fired can lead to significant changes to the overall tone and direction of a project. This was certainly the case for 1984’s action comedy Beverly Hills Cop. The film starred Eddie Murphy as a Detroit police officer who ends up investigating a crime in Beverly Hills. Considering that important moments of the unbelievably successful film are based on Murphy’s improvisation, it may come as a surprise to some that the film wasn't written for him. He was actually a replacement for Sylvester Stallone, for whom the movie was initially intended. It seems like things worked out for the best, as Stallone and Murphy crack wise in very different ways. Stallone was dismissed from the project because he refused to use the original script, reportedly believing that there was too much comedy and not enough action. He took things to the next level by actually rewriting the script to better fit his vision, but nobody was satisfied and Stallone had to go. He supposedly used some of the ideas formed in the failed rewrite for his 1986 film, Cobra. That movie was nowhere near as good as Beverly Hills Cop but still made a whole lot of money. So everybody won. Yes, that's right. The suave, poised, and sentimental gentleman of '80s and '90s screen stardom got fired from a film he was cast in back in 1974, The Lords of Flatbush. Apparently the young Richard Gere was getting into fights with his co-star… Sylvester Stallone. According to an account Stallone gave in an online Q & A, he and Gere never got along and had already gotten into fights while improvising. The flashpoint that finally led to dismissal though, is utterly ridiculous. Stallone claims that while he was having lunch in the back of a car, Gere climbed in with a meal of his own: a half-chicken, smothered with mustard and held in aluminium foil. The evidently hygiene conscious Stallone warned Gere that his chicken was going to drip everywhere, and that if he dripped anything onto Sylvester’s pants there were going to be consequences. Gere ignored him and subsequently covered Stallone in mustard. Stallone says he proceeded to elbow Gere in the head, push him out of the car, and demand his dismissal. This demand was met, and Gere was replaced. Apparently there's still bad blood between them. Whoever knew that a little chicken could lead to so much beef?---Are there any other shocking actor firings you can think of? Let us know in the comments. Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Friendships bloom in any kind of professional field. The friendships in the entertainment industry, however, grow tighter than others (Or so it seems to us mere mortals anyway). Who else knows the weird hours? The challenging roles? The perils that come when you make it big? Sometimes, these friendships result in some pretty amazing things happening. In the immortal words of the Golden Girls, "Thank you for being a friend."Of course, the entertainment industry is also a cut-throat game. People will do almost anything in order to get a role or a leg up, including ruining a friend's career. For actors, however, a ruined reputation is just as bad, if not worse, then a ruined career. The industry is small and tightly knit, so a reputation is everything there.So here are the actors who have ruined their friends careers by whatever method, like poaching a role, snagging a husband, or lashing out on social media. In order for a palate cleanser, we also have the ones who helped a friend out by working together, giving some sage advice, or just being a good person. These are 8 Actors Who Hurt A Friend's Career (And 7 That Saved It).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewCharmed fans may be freaking out over the reboot (for better or worse), but this was the original TV bomb back in the day. Shannen Doherty and Alyssa Milano played sisters Prue and Phoebe Halliwell in the original series. Behind the scenes, however, things weren’t as sisterly. It led to Doherty’s character being killed off at the end of season three. This seemed to be the final nail in the coffin as Doherty had a reputation for being difficult to work with. She never quite enjoyed the same level of fame that she once had. Milano, meanwhile, played Phoebe until the show went off the air and was popular with fans.Things have been better in recent years, though. The pair apparently reconnected and rebuilt bridges as Doherty battled breast cancer. In 2017, Doherty's cancer went into remission.Behold, it’s the weirdest friendship in Hollywood. Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg (who is still Snoop Dogg right?) have actually helped each other’s careers remain relevant. While both are household names, neither have really done anything super notable in a while. It’s less of a “saving” and more of a “revitalizing” here. Martha and Snoop’s Potluck Dinner Party premiered in 2016 on VH1 and it has amassed a pretty loyal audience. Bizarrely enough, Snoop’s presence (and maybe the sheer weird factor) allows Miss Martha to reach an audience who probably only knows her as that lady who went to jail that one time.Snoop, meanwhile, gets to reach an audience that maybe he normaly wouldn’t have. In addition to new music, he’s releasing a gospel album. So it looks like Martha and the show are pushing him to experiment. Stranger things have happened.If you follow celebrity gossip and scandals, then this is an ongoing minefield of epic proportions. We’ll get back to that drama in a second. Back when Sex and the City was the show, it seemed like the cast were at least friendly with each other, if not friends. In recent years, however, that has not turned out to be the case. Kim Cattrall, who played Samantha, has hit back against everyone pretty hard. The one who has drawn the most ire from the actress, however, is co-star and show lead, Sarah Jessica Parker.It’s just been going on for a long while now. Much like a car accident, no one can look away. Of course, however, the only person any of this seems to be hurting is well Cattrall. Parker is trying to just press for her second season of Divorce, which is critically acclaimed. And Cattrall is doing…nothing most would have heard nationally. At least we’ll have the reruns, huh?Seth Rogen and James Franco are long-time buds and frequent collaborators as well. The pair met on set of the tragically short-lived series, Freaks and Geeks. When the pair reunited on the set of Pineapple Express eight years later, it started a bromance that has lasted since. On the set of the film, according to Rogen, Franco stole a joke that he thought of and was too afraid to do. Now there’s no hard feelings, but it helped sort of break down this creative block in Rogen to just go out there and do.In his own words, “But these are ideas that will keep you (read: me) happy. The ideas that you (I) look back on and think, “I’m so glad I did that. For better or worse, that’s a true expression of me and my sensibility.” Since then he’s brought about amazing movies and television shows, so it was a lesson well learned.This is probably the shadiest one on the list. Back in the 90s, Paltrow and Ryder were close friends. In 1998, a movie called Shakespeare in Love was released and won a slew of awards (including Best Actress for Paltrow). During the casting process for the film, Ryder was going to audition for the role of Viola de Lesseps. Paltrow found the script for the film in Ryder’s home and called her agent. She essentially snatched the role from Ryder, who at the time had gone through several less than great projects.Ryder’s attempts at building her star failed and she disappeared from the public eye following a shoplifting incident. Now she’s in Stranger Things and beloved by all. Paltrow has goop and the next two Avengers movies. Needless to say, Ryder recovered but the friendship has long been dead.Edward Norton and Mark Ruffalo are good friends. Back in 2008, Norton starred as Bruce Banner in The Incredible Hulk. Due to some friction on the set, Norton wasn’t coming back for 2012’s The Avengers. Marvel ended up going to Ruffalo to offer the role of Banner. Now since Norton had his troubles with Marvel, Ruffalo went to him for his blessing. Norton gave it to him.Since then, Ruffalo’s portrayal of the Hulk and Banner has been consistently praised by critics and audiences alike. He’s widely considered to be the best in the role since Bill Bixby had the part. Fans are still clamoring for that Mark Ruffalo starring Hulk movie. It’s all because Norton told his friend he should go for it. Now you can’t get angry about that.The cast of Glee had such a squeaky-clean image once upon a time, didn’t they? None more so than Lea Michele, who played Rachel Berry on the show. Well that image came tumbling down thanks to co-star and former friend Naya Rivera. In 2016, Rivera called out Michele in her book Sorry Not Sorry. Rivera wrote, "As the show progressed, though, that friendship started to break down, especially as Santana moved from a background character to one with bigger plot lines and more screen time. I think Rachel—erm, I mean Lea—didn't like sharing the spotlight."Again, it all comes down to relationships and the small community in Hollywood. While Rivera took time off from acting in order to marry and raise her son, Michele failed to launch a singing career and her ABC show, The Mayor, was recently cancelled. Rivera, however, claims the feud was blown out of proportion.This is kind of a mutual sort of helping. It’s hard to imagine a time when studios were reluctant to have Robert Downey Jr involved in their projects. Before his rocketing to the A-list in Iron Man, Downey was more known for his addictions than his talent. Shane Black, however, gave the now sober Downey a role in his film Kiss Kiss,Bang Bang, which was an indie picture. Said indie picture caught the eye of director Jon Favreau, who thought Downey was perfect for the role of Tony Stark.Fast forward a few years later and Favreau declined directing Iron Man 3. Downey suggested his friend Shane Black for the film. It ended being a huge box office draw for Marvel and rocketed Black from indie to major mainstream. Talk about friends who help each other.Drake Bell and Josh Peck were a regular comedy duo on Nickelodeon. They were first paired together during The Amanda Show. Later, they upgraded to their own series, when it ended it was like the children’s version of Abbott and Costello broke up. Over the years, Josh Peck’s star has definitely risen with projects like Grandfathered. Drake Bell, meanwhile, has voiced Peter Parker for several years.In recent years, Bell has also been arrested for DUI’s. Peck distanced himself from Bell, possibly for his own career or because they drifted apart. Either way, the fact that Peck didn’t even invite Bell to his wedding raised several eyebrows. It also ignited a brief feud between the two former acting partners. They since said that they made up, but well it definitely didn’t shine-up Bell’s career.It’s fitting that with the release of Black Panther that these two should make an appearance on the list. Ryan Coogler and Michael B. Jordan have been a powerhouse team in recent years. The latest film on the list is Black Panther, which is the best reviewed Marvel film ever and on track to dominate the box office. Jordan, however, would probably have not been considered for the role due to the failure of Fan4stic where he played Johnny Storm.Coogler, however, nabbed the director seat for the film. He immediately reached out to Jordan to play the antagonist, Erik Killmonger. Jordan considers this to be a second chance to be part of a superhero property. It’s definitely a sweet redemption considering how he’s being praised for his role.Back in the 90s, Kevin Smith was a name on everyone’s lips along with Ben Affleck. Actually, they both kind of broke onto the scene together. Affleck starred in several of Smith’s films such as Chasing Amy, Jersey Girl, and Dogma. So what happened? Well apparently, Affleck got mega-famous and kind of left Smith in the dust.In an interview with Yahoo Movies, Smith said: "He's a triple-A-list movie star and [stuff] like that. If he's Jimmy Carter, I'm Billy Carter, to put it in '70s terms. And I'm not even related." While not having Affleck in his films is not a career ruiner, Smith doesn’t really have the power he did in the 90s/early 00s. Meanwhile, Affleck is Batman. Ouch.On the flip side to Ben Affleck, there’s the actor’s longtime friendship and partnership with Matt Damon. These two were friends before Hollywood and Damon even surfed on Affleck’s couch after arriving. Together, the two worked on a little indie film called Good Will Hunting. Again, this was more of friends helping each other out over anything else. After the film was released in ’97 to a slew of awards and acclaim, Damon and Affleck both sky-rocketed in stardom.The pair have never really done anything together since the film. They do, however, continue to work as producers in one of the most well-known friendships and partnerships in Hollywood. To think that all started because two struggling actors worked together in order to make the biggest break of their careers.In this major celebrity tabloid scandal, these two friends were certainly put through the ringer. Reynolds and Taylor were friends since they met at MGM, where both were under contract. While Reynolds was up and coming, Taylor was a staple. Still, they both bonded over the star life and famous husbands: singer Eddie Fisher for Reynolds and producer Mike Todd for Taylor.Well, after Todd’s death, things got a little heated. Fisher ended up leaving Reynolds for Taylor and became the actress’s fourth husband. The hit definitely went to Reynolds’ reputation in Hollywood. The late actress was the last to know. She said: “I had noticed that when I turned up at functions or parties on my own my friends were whispering.”The two eventually did patch things up in 1966 and starred in a TV movie written by the late great Carrie Fisher in 2001.This one is definitely like the Snoop Dogg and Martha Stewart friendship. Honestly, it makes more sense because they both are entertainers. Before Joanne dropped in 2016, Lady Gaga teamed up with standards singer Tony Bennett to record a duet album together in 2014. This was after a successful duet together for The Lady Is A Tramp. Most of the songs were firmly from Bennett's era of music like Anything Goes or Cheek to Cheek.It was well received. Gaga got accolades from the older generation while Bennett became better known to the younger crowd. The album built more of a cross generational bridge between the two disparate fan groups. Plus they just sound good together. It also helped Lady Gaga secure that Christmas special which transitioned her into acting more.Nicole Ritchie and Paris Hilton were a regular double act back in the day. Who doesn’t remember when The Simple Life fever swept the nation? Needless to say, they both needed the other to kind of stay relevant. It didn’t last long. The two long time best friends fell out when, apparently, Ritchie showed Hilton’s infamous sex tape at a party celebrating Hilton’s hosting Saturday Night Live. It led to them having a friend break-up and falling out of the public eye.Ritchie and Hilton patched things up and had a sequel series The Simple Life: Goes to Camp. Things, however, never returned to the level of fame the pair enjoyed before their falling out. They are still richer than any of us could ever hope, so they’re doing fine.--Which of these surprised you most?Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Although we love hearing about how well the cast of a movie or tv series gets along, it is the notorious Hollywood fueds that catch our attention in the headlines. The more successful a series becomes, the more opportunities there are for inflated egos and rivalries to emerge.Between unreasonable demands, selfish diva behaviors, or even poor work ethic, epic on-set feuds are bound to happen. Some onscreen friends and couples project amazing chemistry onscreen but secretly loathe each other when the cameras stop rolling.In the most extreme cases, however, one star must be sacrificed for the remaining cast to be successful. Moreover, the actors who get “voted off the island” have to deal with the aftermath of those behind-the scene conflicts and may be haunted by them for some time.In this article, we want to take a look at some of the infamous on-set feuds that led to one actor getting the boot. In some cases, the stars have resolved their issues and are friends again. In most cases, however, the bitter rivalry continued for years to come and may still exist even today.From conflicting divas to salacious scandals, here are 15 Actors That Got Their Co-Stars Fired.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewFor 80s kids, the TGIF block of programming on ABC dominated our Friday nights. Full House became one of the most popular shows during the block and made the Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen instant stars. The two actresses shared the role of the adorable Michelle Tanner, the youngest member of the family. Fans watched the girls grow up onscreen for over eight years.Although it is hard to imagine the show without them, they were actually once fired and replaced. Why? Because actor John Stamos (who played Uncle Jesse) couldn’t stand working with them! Stamos shared with People.com that, “It’s sort of true that the Olsen twins cried a lot…It was very difficult to get the shot. So I [said], ‘Get them out …!’ That is actually 100 percent accurate. They brought in a couple of unattractive redheaded kids. We tried that for a while and that didn’t work. [Producers] were like, all right, get the Olsen twins back. And that’s the story.”Can you believe we were almost denied the Olsen twins adorably delivering their classic (yet overused) “You got it, dude” line? Yeah, we can’t either...It’s ironic that Charlie Sheen would actually get an actor kicked off a show considering the same thing happened to him. After getting the boot from Two & A Half Men, Sheen returned to television heading his own show Anger Management.Premiering in 2012, the show’s cast included Hellboy alum Selma Blair, who played his colleague and friend-with-benefits. However, Sheen’s bad behavior, which contributed to his dismissal from Two & A Half Men, continued to haunt him on his new show.Blair was quite vocal about his work ethic, and Sheen was not having that. He threatened to quit the show if she remained a part of the cast. Sheen got his way, and Blair was let go after starring in 54 episodes. After her departure, the show continued until 2014 when it was canceled after its 100th episode.The onscreen chemistry between Kevin James and Leah Remini was the driving force behind their comedy The King of Queens. For nine seasons, fans tuned in to enjoy the entertaining banter and bards exchanged between the husband and wife team.With his second major venture into the sitcom world, Kevin Can Wait, James was paired with actress Erinn Hayes. However, after a guest appearance by Remini in the season 1 finale, their old chemistry was reignited. Surprising, it was announced that Hayes would be leaving the show with her character killed off in the plot.At the same time, Remini was announced to become a series regular beginning in season 2. Though Variety reported that her firing was “a matter of the show going in a different creative direction, and not a reflection of the actress’ performance,” the coincidental hiring is very hard to ignore.The tumultuous career of Lindsey Lohan has played out in the tabloids for years. Once a promising child star, she fell into the stereotypical traps of drugs, alcohol and constant visits to rehab. Her self-destructive behavior led to massive delays in motion picture filming schedules and the loss of many potential roles.After a failed attempted to revamp her child star image with I Know Who Killed Me, Lohan tried her luck at making a comeback on TV. Her guest appearance on wildly popular series Ugly Betty was promoted everywhere. However, her planned guest appearance was cut from six episodes to four episodes when rumors swirled that series lead America Ferrera clashed with Lohan over her constant lateness and unprofessional behavior.According to People, “Lohan and her people were so destructive that her dressing room had to be repainted. Lohan also refused to go on set before Ferrera did.” However, Lohan’s friend disputed this fact claiming “America was mean to Lindsay. Producers give her too much power. Lindsay didn’t do the last two episodes because America didn’t like her and got her kicked off.”The Expendables franchise brought together some of the biggest action stars in modern movie history. With the first film written and directed by Sylvester Stallone, the cast included Jason Statham, Jet Li, Dolph Lundgren, and Bruce Willis. The Die Hard franchise megastar appeared in both The Expendables and The Expendables 2. Sadly, his conflicts with Stallone led to him being kicked out of the third film.Stallone made the announcement via a series of tweets in 2013. He tweeted “WILLIS OUT… HARRISON FORD IN !!!! GREAT NEWS !!!!! Been waiting years for this!!!!” A few minutes later, he followed with a somewhat vague message saying “GREEDY AND LAZY …… A SURE FORMULA FOR CAREER FAILURE. Coincidence?”Okay, just kidding, not very vague at all. There were also rumors that Willis had demanded upwards of $1 million per day for the sequel. Since the initial falling out, the two stars have resolved their conflict and are back on friendly terms.The Cosby Show was one of the great American sitcoms of the 1980s. Viewers followed the daily lives of the Huxtables, an upper middle-class African-American family of seven. They found humor, positivity and life lessons in their everyday situations. Clean, wholesome entertainment at its best. So when actress Lisa Bonet began to act out in real life, show creator Bill Cosby was not amused.After being moved to a more mature role in A Different World, a comedy chronicling her college life, Bonet accepted a part in the risqué psychological thriller Angel Heart. Bonet was seen nude in not only this movie but also a spread for Interview magazine. She followed this non-Huxtable behavior with a whirlwind marriage to rock star Lenny Kravitz at age 20. After announcing her pregnancy a year later, she was pulled from A Different World to avoid the main character of the show being depicted as a teenaged mother.However, her rebellious nature was slowly crumbling her relationship with Cosby over the years. After a brief return to The Cosby Show after the birth of her daughter Zoe, she was inevitably fired in 1991 over “creative differences”.The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air quickly become one of the most watched and beloved sitcoms of the '90s. Who doesn’t know the words to the theme song by heart?While the show portrayed a loving and close extended family every week, the off-screen feud between Will Smith and Janet Hubert became the real plotline of the show. The problems started after Hubert became pregnant which, according to NBC, violated her contract and led to her dismissal.Smith has also started that Hubert’s demands became very unreasonable. In Jet Magazine, Smith stated, “I can say straight up that Janet Hubert wanted the show to be ‘The Aunt Viv of Bel-Air Show'. No matter what, to her I'm just the AntiChrist."In response to Smith’s accusations of her behavior, Hubert replied “He probably is responsible for my firing. He has a lot of clout. It's-too bad that it's a Black-on-Black attack. He has gotten me fired from the show and now he is trying to snatch my career away from me (with his recent comments). I reprimanded him constantly for being rude to problem and locking himself up in his room...” To this day, the two stars have never resolved their issues.Poor Shannen Doherty. She has gained a infamous reputation for being fired from hit TV shows. For her first entry on this list, we begin with the show that brought her national recognition: the '80s classic teen drama Beverly Hills, 90210. The series followed the lives of the Walsh family as they moved from Minneapolis to Beverly Hills.Starring as Brenda Walsh, Doherty's character later befriended several Beverly Hills High students, including Donna Martin (played by Tori Spelling). The series became quite a hit after its initial season, however, with the increased popularity came inflated egos. Doherty and Spelling began clashing on set constantly, adding additional drama to the production of the show. Considering Tori's father, Aaron Spelling, was the producer on the show, it's easy to believe he had a hand in Doherty's dismissal.According to EW, Doherty was let go due to “a surprise haircut” that disrupted the “continuity of the episode”. Considering she could have easily donned a wig to fix the problem, we are so not buying this story.The Charlie's Angels remake brought together fans of the old series and a whole new generation. Drew Barrymore, Cameron Diaz, and Lucy Liu headed the reboot with a youthful energy that audiences loved. Although the actresses got along swimmingly, Liu and Ghostbusters alum Bill Murray could not cordially work together.Behind-the-scenes tensions grew between the two stars to the point of physical altercations. According to USWeekly, “Bill Murray reportedly told Lucy Liu, ‘You can’t act.’ Then, Liu allegedly started throwing punches at the actor and they had to be physically pulled apart.”Allegedly, Liu angrily demanded that Murray not return to the sequel. Though Murray later disputed these rumors, ultimately, he was not brought back for the sequel. The late Bernie Mac took over as Bosley in Charlie’s Angels: Full Throttle.On to round two of Shannen Doherty vs. another co-star! After the drama of Beverly Hills, 90210, you would think Doherty would avoid the Spelling family. However, she found herself cast as the eldest daughter Pue Halliwell of the supernatural series Charmed, produced by Aaron Spelling. Co-starring with Alyssa Milano and Holly Marie Combs, the three actresses achieved a cult following after the first season. The behind-the-scenes drama erupted between Milano and Doherty as the popularity of the show grew. According to TV Guide, “Rumors quickly swirled that Doherty was resentful of Milano's growing popularity, which translated into several endorsement deals.” By season three, the actresses were no longer on friendly terms and only spoke to each other when necessary.The feud came to its apex when, according to Doherty, “Milano eventually got fed up and issued producers an ultimatum—either Doherty walked or she would.” However, Milano refuted this claim stating that Doherty asked to be let out of her contract. By the conclusion of season three, Doherty was out and killed off of the show. Doherty – 0, Angry Co-Stars-2.Morning talk shows like The View and The Talk are known for having a “revolving door” policy when it comes to their hosts. Whether a reflection of the audience’s’ preferences or behind-the-scene issues, many hosts have been unceremoniously kicked off.In the case of Leah Remini’s firing from The Talk, her problems stemmed from fellow host Sharon Osbourne. Premiering in season 1 of the show, Remini delivered very blunt honesty and demonstrated a very laid-back style of conversation. However, according to Remini, this was not to Osbourne’s liking. Both she and fellow host Holly Robinson-Peete were released after one season for a peculiar reason.In a post on her Twitter page, Remini shared that “Sharon thought me and Holly were 'ghetto'. . . we were not funny, awkward and didn't know ourselves. She has the power that was given to her." However, Osbourne has denied these claims stating she has “never been in the position to hire or fire anyone on the show.” The two actresses have not spoken since the firing.Many of these firing stories are peppered with conflicting stories of what really went down on set. In the case of the feud between LisaRaye McCoy and Stacey Dash, however, the story has stayed pretty consistent: McCoy had Dash fired... period!During the first season of the VH1 series Single Ladies, the two actresses clashed on everything, which led to McCoy taking action. She admitted to having a hand in getting her fired before the start of the second season. In an interview with Vibe, she stated, “In Hollywood, I’ve learned to be a boss,” she said. “I had to say to Stacey Dash, ‘If you don’t get your motherf**king finger out of my face…’ So for our second season of Single Ladies, there was a replacement for Stacey Dash.”The sitcom Growing Pains was another '80s series depicting wholesome family values. The series turned Kirk Cameron into a household name and became his most recognized television role. As Cameron rose as a popular teen idol, his personal life was often spotlighted in teen magazines and publications across the country.Previously an atheist, Cameron made headlines when, at the age of 17, he announced he was a born-again Christian. After converting to Christianity, the star insisted that the future storylines of the show weren’t risqué or portrayed anything that would conflict with his beliefs.Unfortunately for actress Julie McCullough (who played Cameron’s girlfriend), her Playboy centerfold past became an issue. McCullough was kicked off of the show at the demand of Cameron after starring in only eight episodes.Back in the 1970s, Hollywood heavyweights Sylvester Stallone and Richard Gere were set to star in the low-budget drama The Lords of Flatbush.Still relatively new to the movie business, the fresh-faced actors began rehearsals for the film with detrimental results. The actors clashed constantly on set resulting in frequent fights and arguments. The two even got into a physical fight over Gere spilling grease on Stallone’s pants!In the end, Stallone asked for Gere to be released from the film. According to IMDB.com, Stallone recalled, “The director had to make a choice: one of us had to go, one of us had to stay. Richard was given his walking papers and to this day seriously dislikes me.”The Rocky actor has even been accused of starting the infamous Richard Gere/Gerbil urban legend. That is one way to get payback!Beatty had the unique task of not only starring as the lead but also directing and producing the film. Originally, he cast Blade Runner star Sean Young to play his love interest, Tess Truehart. However, Young was kicked out of the movie after one week in favor of actress Glenne Headly. According to Young, she lost the role because she rebuffed Beatty’s sexual advances. Beatty denied the harassment claim and, instead, told reporters, “I made a mistake casting Sean Young in the part and I felt very badly about it.”---Do you know of any other actor who got their co-stars fired? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
There a a million different factors that decide if a performance is considered "good" or not. Actors are one of the most important keys to filmmaking; their performances can make or break a film. The complete opposite is true as well; sometimes a movie's only saving grace will be when one of the aforementioned performers steps up and makes a horrible movie watchable. We all know that the likes of Tom Hanks, Christian Bale, Meryl Streep, Morgan Freeman, and Cate Blanchett are likely to put in a great performance even when paired with the worst of directors. Likewise, we know that we probably can't count on Pauly Shore, Steven Seagal, or Ashton Kutcher to win any Oscars anytime soon.But not every actor is such a sure bet. Some can give an Oscar-winning performance in one film and then turn around and put in something so awful that it's hard to believe it's the same person. Just to set some guidelines, we are not talking about "good actors who are in bad movies." No, to make this list, they must constantly be jumping back and forth across the spectrum of great and godawful. Here are 15 Actors Who Constantly Flip Between Great and Terrible.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewThere's no denying Johnny Depp's impact on cinema. He's given us characters like Jack Sparrow, Edward Scissorhands, Raoul Duke, and Tim Burton's interpretation of Ed Wood in the past and has even returned to his old form in last year's Black Mass. When Depp is on, he's really on; most of the above-mentioned roles have become legendary pop culture icons or academy award-nominated performances. The actor looks to continue this trend as he takes on the role of Grindelwald in the Fantastic Beasts series.However, he has had a really bad habit over the last decade of taking roles (usually with Tim Burton) that require him to play some sort of zany, over the top character (usually in white makeup). His performances in these films tend to be confusing at best and uncomfortably bizarre at worst. Seriously, take one look at his Willy Wonka and tell us that's a man who should be allowed around children. Although slightly less creepy, his interpretations of The Mad Hatter, Barnabus Collins, and Tonto all felt like variations on the exact same character. Then there was whatever he was trying to do in Mordecai. And Tusk. And Yoga Hosers. And whatever that was in Fantastic Beasts.Is being boring necessarily being "bad?" We definitely think so. And when Sandra Bullock phones it in, she phones it in. Remember Our Brand is Crisis? Neither does the rest of the world, with good reason! Few people wanted to pay $12 to sit and watch Bullock sleepwalk her way through a movie. 2015's Minions had her constantly screaming into her microphone with little style or substance. To be fair, though, it was Minions. There was also that time where she seemed completely uninterested in a time-travel romance with Keanu Reeves.But Bullock is an amazing actress when she wants to be. She won a the Best Actress Oscar for The Blind Side and was a strong contender for the same award when Gravity came out four years later. The actress has shown that she has comedy chops, too; The Heat was one of the most surprisingly funny films of 2014 and the Miss Congeniality movies are guilty pleasures of film lovers everywhere. Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood and Crash (though the quality of the films themselves are debatable) even gave us an early glimpse of what Bullock herself was capable of.Believe it or not, Kristen Stewart does have more than one expression. If you've only seen her acting prowess in the Twilight films or something like Snow White and the Huntsman you probably would never guess. Public perception of Stewart hasn't gotten much better, as she received similar critiques for her role in the recently released American Ultra. While the actress isn't necessarily the worst part about any of the aforementioned films, her performances are bad enough that you'd think this girl had never acted in her life.In order to see Kristen Stewart's full potential, one must check out the indie scene. Critics universally praised her performance in 2010's On The Road and she is the first American actress to win a Cesar Award, for her role in Clouds of Sils Maria. During the production of Still Alice, the legendary Julianne Moore went out of her way to call Stewart "an extraordinary actress," and audiences agreed; some even claimed that she was better than Moore in the film. Let that one sink in for a moment.If her past is any indication, we are in for another treat when Personal Shopper (an indie thriller/horror/drama film that is already getting praised for the actress' performance) drops later this year.Back in the '90s there was absolutely nobody who could touch Will Smith. After a short but sweet career as a rapper, Smith starred in the hit comedy The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air before going on to become the biggest movie star of the decade. Despite appearing in big budget action flicks like Bad Boys or Men in Black, the actor showed that he had some real dramatic skills when he was twice nominated for Best Actor Oscars. The first was for Ali, a bibliographical film about (who else?) Muhammad Ali. The second was for his soul-crushing performance in 2007's The Pursuit of Happiness, where he played a down on his luck single father who tried to find steady work and a home for his young son.Perhaps the first red flag that Smith came when he passed up on The Matrix in order to star in the campfest known as Wild Wild West. Our biggest fears were later confirmed when he began taking on a bunch of sappy Oscar-bait roles and ones where his son was the star. Seriously, that performance in After Earth was... something else. Then there are those films where he just shows up and plays himself, such as Hancock, I Am Legend, or Hitch. Those were all decent films, but seemed like they were starring the same character because of Smith's lackluster performances.He may be the subject of ridicule today, but Adam Sandler is one of the most successful stars in Hollywood. His movies have been called crass, crude, and downright insulting at times, but no matter what crazy shenanigans Sandler and his buddies get themselves into, these movies make hundreds of millions of dollars. Who's laughing now? After the trainwrecks that were Pixels, The Ridiculous Six, and Jack and Jill, probably not Sandler's dignity. Just about anything that shows up under the Happy Madison name nowadays is sure to feature an obnoxious and crude performance by the former SNL star.But, when he feels like it, Adam Sandler can hit it out of the park. If you watched Reign Over Me, Punch Drunk Love, or Funny People you'd swear you were watching a completely different actor. Even in some of his better comedy films, like Click and Spanglish, Sandler will throw in a tear-jerking moment or two that shows he's got better acting skills than he lets on. Of course, he then turns right around and releases That's My Boy, but that's beside the point...Talk about somebody who just completely dropped off the radar! Before his return to the spotlight as O.J. Simpson in last year's The People vs. O.J. Simpson, Cuba Gooding Jr. hadn't been taken seriously as an actor for a long, long time. Sure he got roles in Red Tails and Lee Daniel's The Butler, but it had been a long time since he had scored a leading role. We believe his performances in Radio and Snow Dogs just may have had something to do with this.Snow Dogs was about as big of a cash-in performance as you can get; if you just wanted to show up, make a few jokes for the kiddies, and then half-act your way through a movie, this was the perfect role. He's also shown his not-so-great leading man skills in countless direct to DVD movies throughout the years. As far as Radio is concerned... we don't even want to go there. Even Kirk Lazarus knows this kind of role is a career killer.Despite his lows, Cuba Gooding Jr. has put in some incredible performances. His O.J. Simpson was phenomenal and earned him several award nominations. Obviously the performance everyone knows Gooding for is Jerry Maguire, which netted him an Academy Award. But don't sleep on the actor's performances in What Dreams May Come, in which he keeps pace with Robin Williams without missing a beat.Easy there, pilgrim! Much like everyone else in the western world, we love John Wayne. He is the epitome of a movie star; everything that he starred in during his long career became an instant must-see and his larger-than-life personality is still appreciated to this day. In The Alamo he played frontier legend Davy Crockett. He won an Oscar for his performance in the original True Grit. Whenever somebody wants to emulate the typical American "Cowboy," they look no further than this guy for inspiration.But when John Wayne was bad, he was bad. Somebody decided that this Iowa-born Cowboy icon would be perfect to star as the Mongolian General Genghis Kahn. Yep. It went about as well as you'd expect; The Conqueror was a terrible movie with a terrible performance from Wayne and an even more cursed production. There was also a time when the Duke starred in a romantic comedy with Claudette Colbert, a strange departure from his typical fare and one in which he had no chemistry with his lead actress.Hamill is the stuff of legends when it comes to Geek Culture; after all, he is the iconic Luke Skywalker, the hero of the most lucrative film franchise of all time! On top of this, he is considered by many to be the greatest actor to ever tackle the role of The Joker in the Batman franchise with three (and currently a fourth!) TV series, multiple video games, and an animated feature under his belt. He has also one of the best voice actors of our generation; Hamill has voiced characters in Adventure Time, Spider-Man: The Animated Series, The Regular Show, Ben 10, Metalocalypse, Johnny Bravo, and many more.But there was a time right after the original Star Wars  trilogy concluded when the actor set off to become a leading man. It definitely didn't work out. The thing that makes Hamill such a great voice actor is his ability to go completely off the wall zany. Just...watch this clip from The Guyver and let us know how well that works in a live-action film. There was a whole slew of direct to DVD/VHS that starred the former Jedi, and most of them were either downright terrible or so hilariously corny that they were awesome.We truly feel like Arnold Schwarzenegger was destined to be on this list. Let's just set the record straight before we begin: we know that objectively Schwarzenegger isn't a "good" actor. He has not been nominated for any major awards and probably never will be. But he is entertaining as hell!The actor has been the star of some of the greatest action movies ever made, playing the titular role in The Terminator franchise, Dutch in Predator, and Douglas Quaid in Total Recall. His burly Austrian accent makes him the perfect fodder for comedies such as Twins and Last Action Hero. But he has also shown us that he can break beyond his macho man image and play nuanced characters; in 2015 he received near universal praise for his role in Maggie. When Ahnold is off, he is wildly off. We've lost count of how many times he makes a goofy face and mugged the camera whilst delivering one-liner after one-liner in Jingle All the Way and Kindergarten Cop. Then there's the legendary awfulness that is Hercules in New York, or the over the top ridiculousness that he pulls in The Running Man. Also, as much as we hate to even utter this film's name, there was the horror that is Batman & Robin, complete with Schwarzenegger yelling ice-themed puns like "Cool party!" and "What killed the dinosaurs? THE ICE AGE!" Never before have we seen a career come crashing down as quickly as Halle Berry's. We know she is a great actress; Berry broke down barriers when she became the first African-American woman to win an Oscar for Best Actress back in 2001. She most certainly deserved the award, as her role in Monster's Ball was one for the ages. Though she has never quite reached this level again, her performances in films like Cloud Atlas and Things We Lost in the Fire were standouts.But it seems like for every great performance in Berry's filmography, there are three or four bad ones. We can forgive Movie 43, as it dragged in a bunch of big celebrities and completely wasted their talents. What we absolutely cannot forgive, however, is Catwoman. There's really nothing positive to say about that disaster of a 2004 film, and Berry's acting was just the cherry on top of the crappy cake. Then there are the X-Men films, where she looks completely lost next to actors like Hugh Jackman, Ian McKellan, Patrick Stewart, and Famke Janssen. This trend appears to be continuing, as Halle Berry is starring in both the (probably bad) film Kidnap as well as (the probably good) Kingsmen: The Golden Circle. We don't want to rag on Sly Stallone too much, mostly because he's a brilliant director and writer, but he has put in some absolutely terrible performances over the years. Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot? Really, Sly?Much like Schwarzenegger, Sylvester Stallone has contributed to a bunch of terrible action and comedy films over the years. The appropriately titled Over the Top and the "so bad it's good" Tango & Cash are just two of many films in a long list of crap. Even within his better franchises, Stallone flips back and forth; Rocky IV, Rocky V, and Rambo III all saw him putting in horribly lazy performances in series where he normally shone.And shine he did! With the exception of the two entries we listed above, Stallone is always phenomenal in the Rocky/Creed series (snagging him two Oscar nominations). He also put on a haunting portrayal of PTSD during the post-Vietnam era in Rambo: First Blood and a brilliantly subtle performance in 1997's Cop Land. Even in movies like The Expendables or Escape Plan the actor at least seems to be having fun with the roles. This is one of the great enigmas of our time.To be completely fair, Affleck hasn't put in a "terrible" performance in a few years. Recently he's been on fire, starring in hit films The Town, Argo, and Gone Girl. You could even argue that the actor is going through a Renaissance right now considering he's quickly regaining his status as an A-lister. If you had told us ten years ago that Ben Affleck was going to be one of the best interpretations of Batman to ever grace the screen we would have laughed in your face. But even in his early career the actor gave us some memorable roles; Good Will Hunting was obviously his breakout, but his comedic performances in Kevin Smith's early films earned him some credit as well.Then, Affleck starred in some movies in which he was so bad, it nearly killed his career. 2003 was not a fun year for this guy. First, he showed us how awful a superhero movie can be when he played Matt Murdock in Daredevil; the movie was so bad that studios were afraid to touch the property ever again. Then came Gigli, a film that is often considered one of the worst ever made and the one that effectively killed Affleck's career. Despite this setback, he kept going, receiving four Razzie awards and being nominated by the company for worst actor of the decade in 2010. Yikes.It's no secret that Keanu Reeves can completely own a role when he wants to. There's nobody else we could possibly see as Neo. His performance in John Wick is a big reason the film was a sleeper hit and is getting a sequel. Point Break is arguably the best action film of '90s. Even his comedic performances in Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure are top notch, though for different reasons.There is literally no "in between" for Keanu Reeves. Let us remind you that this is the same guy that starred in Babes in Toyland early in his career and thought Even Cowgirls Get the Blues was a good idea. Then there are those movies that he just kind of blandly sleepwalks through, such as The Lake House or The Day the Earth Stood Still.But nothing, nothing can compare to the horror that was his performance in Bram Stoker's Dracula. Oh my goodness is this the stuff of legend! The weirdest part is that Dracula is actually a pretty good movie as a whole. But Reeves, who plays Jonathan Harker, absolutely cannot do a British accent to save his life, and spends the entire movie laughably trying to emulate one. It's painful to watch.Sir Ben Kingsley is one of the handful of Hollywood stars to have been knighted by the Queen of England. If anyone deserves the honor, it is this classically trained Shakespearean actor. His remarkable performance in Gandhi earned him an Oscar-- Kingsley has more Academy Award nominations than we can count, appearing in Oscar-nominated films like Schindler's List, The House of Sand and Fog, and Bugsy. The actor has a legendary voice, as well. He starred in the live-action Jungle Book as Bagheera and his Mandarin in Iron Man 3 gave us the heebie-jeebies (until, well... you know).So why did he have to star in BloodRayne of all movies-- and what happened to his talent while filming it? Maybe he just had an off performance. That happens, right? ...The Love Guru? As a character called Guru Tugginmypudha? There are no words to describe how disappointing it is to see Kingsley take on these roles. Even worse is the fact that his performances are just as bad as the films themselves! But he couldn't stop there; he just had to go on and star in The Wackness. When you see an actor with as many Razzie nominations as he does Oscar noms, you know their talent can't get much more "hot and cold."Here it is, folks, the man who inspired this very list! Admit it, you all knew he was going to be #1. Nicolas Cage seems to have a switch in his brain that goes from "versatile actor" to "bat**** insane," because those are the only two settings he seems to have for his movies. Believe it or not this guy has two Academy Award nominations (one of which he won) and four Golden Globe noms (one of which he also won); both wins came from his amazing portrayal of Ben Sanderson in Leaving Las Vegas, while his other nominations came from Adaptation, Honeymoon in Vegas, and Moonstruck. Cage has shown that he can also be (intentionally) hilarious in movies like Kick-Ass and Raising Arizona, furthering the evidence that he knows exactly what he's doing.As far as the bad goes? A bad Nicolas Cage movie is like an experience that you have to see with your own two eyes. If you'd like to see him scream about bees and punch a woman in the face while wearing a bear suit, go watch The Wicker Man. If that kind of zaniness isn't your thing, check out either of the Ghost Rider films, where you see the actor trying to act normal whilst containing his inner insanity. And watch Vampire's Kiss and Deadfall. Just... watch them. You can thank us later.---So how do you feel about this list? Did we miss any major actors who flip flop constantly? Think we're wrong about some of these people? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
When a movie fails, it’s easy to point fingers without knowing the whole truth. With Iron Man 2’s many foibles, one of them in undoubtedly Mickey Rourke’s portrayal of Ivan Vanko, aka Whiplash, who was a one-dimensional and one-note villain. But who is really toblame for this unexcused blandness? It differs depending on who you ask, but if you were to inquire on Rourke himself, he would choose to call out the Marvel Production team and director Jon Favreau for the failed character.After Iron Man 2’s somewhat critical backlash, Rourke blamed Marvel Studios for leaving a lot of what he shot for the film on the cutting room floor. The actor stated that he had actually spent time in Russian prisons to wrap his head around the character of Whiplash, and spent months trying to perfect his foreign accent. All of this he felt was undermined after the bulk of his scenes to broaden the character’s scope were left out of the final cut. While he initially blamed the team at Marvel, Rourke stated in an interview that it was the fault of director Jon Favreau for “not having any balls” to stand up for certain creative decisions.With the two’s mixed history, you can bet that you won’t see Rourke in another Favreau Marvel production if that time ever comes.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Film buffs continue to be mixed on the use of CGI in film. On one hand, it can be revolutionary, creating new worlds as big and as wondrous as the imagination of the people envisioning it. On the other hand, it’s replacing the amazing and dedicated craft of practical sets and effects. Those can add a sense of realism to the audience at times. Where the debate really heats up is between the creation of CGI characters or “make-up” over the use of practical make-up effects. Sometimes, it’s necessary and easier to create a CGI character, but other times we need to question: ‘do we really need it?’While the technology has definitely grown, it can still inhabit the territory of the uncanny valley in observers. For those of you who don’t know what that is,  it’s the feeling of eeriness that you get when something looks like a human or humanoid, but something about it looks fake enough to creep you out. It’s been used a lot more in conjunction with humanoid or human CGI characters in film or video games. Though there seems to be more tolerance with it in video games.With this in mind, it’s time to get a little uncanny and dive deep into some really, really bad CGI that makes those goosebumps rise. To palette cleanse, we’re off-setting it with some amazing CGI that proves that the medium is getting better. Here are 10 Actors Who Looked Terrible With CGI Effects (And 10 Who Looked Better).  Click the button below to start this article in quick viewDwayne Johnson is the winningest movie star at the box office at the moment. Why shouldn’t he be? He's a charming, charismatic, a good actor, and just a lovable dude. We’ll love the Rock forever. Considering his start of his career, it’s amazing how he’s grown to be a seriously bankable star. Consider his first movie role as Mathayus, the Scorpion King, in 2001’s The Mummy Returns. Now we can't entirely fault the Brendan Fraser led franchise, its ambition often eclipsed its budget.The Scorpion King looked out of place in the film, with his unnatural facial movements and overall appearance. In the end, however, it is just that bad. Johnson looks more like an animated doll than an actual person. The Scorpion King gives us the creeps and it’s amazing that they gave him his own spin-off movie. We suppose that’s Johnson’s charisma coming full force, or an apology for the bad CGI.While we don’t understand why Avatar is getting a franchise expansion ten-years after its debut film, we definitely can’t fault what James Cameron did for CGI effects. The earliest example comes in with one of the greatest sequels of all time: Terminator 2: Judgement Day. Most older CGI rarely looks as good as what was used on Robert Patrick’s T-1000.A shapeshifting, liquid metal Terminator is definitely a tall order to make. It easily could go the territory of Alex Mack. Yet, the effects used on Patrick looks seamless and natural. It’s definitely no surprise that the film nabbed Oscars for Best Visual Effects and Art Direction. It should also get another award for CGI That’s Aged Super Well.Ang Lee has done some amazing things with CGI and VFX over the years: Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life of Pi are two examples of it. It’s honestly a bit baffling how things got so fumbled with 2003’s Hulk. While Lee wanted to bring in a genuine comic book feel to the movie, it suffered from a meandering story and bad CGI. While many things suffered in the movie, like the bizarrely nightmare-ish Gamma Dogs and whatever was going on with Nick Nolte’s character, no one suffered quite as much as the Hulk.The Hulk kind of looks like a badly animated Jolly Green Giant. You know, like the giant found on the packaging for frozen vegetables. There was the too-bright green skin color, the awkward proportions and movement, and the fact that he looked more like a puppet than a rampaging green rage monster. Please take the pick to what made this character go from ‘SMASH’ on the page to ‘flat’ on the screen.While 2003’s Hulk was bad and 2008’s was mediocre at best (much like their respective movies), the character finally was done well in 2012’s The Avengers and subsequent films in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Using motion capture on Mark Ruffalo, the Hulk’s facial expressions and performances appear real and more genuine. Adding in an advance on CGI technology, the Hulk actually looks like a person, with wrinkles, chest hair, and a resemblance to his actor, which allows things to make sense.Given his extended time as the Hulk in Thor: Ragnarok, it just shows that Marvel Studios knows what they’re doing here. Audiences were never taken out of the movie by the use of CGI on Ruffalo’s Hulk.Audiences can forgive, well mostly, bad character design. What they can’t forgive is messing up a perfectly handsome actor’s face. Woo-boy, that mustache mess though. When Justice League needed to go into reshoots, Henry Cavill had grown a mustache for his role in Mission Impossible 6. He wasn’t allowed to shave it. Apparently, there were negotiations between Warner Brothers and Paramount about it. It was a thing and oh did the Internet roast it.Mustache-gate left a terrible taste in our mouth, but made way for amazing memes. When Justice League hit screens, we’re betting the WB wish they negotiated harder to get him to shave. The CGI to digitally remove Cavill’s mustache left his face looking horrible. The proportion between his mouth to his nose was all off. It was even more jarring when they went with a scene that didn’t need to be reshot.Deadpool knew what was up when in the movie’s credits, they introduced Colossus as a CGI character. We see them more and more in our superhero movies. Outside of that one joke and others about Colossus’ heroic nature, there was nothing to joke about that CGI. It looks amazing in both films, especially how they get light to reflect on his metal skin. Or scuff marks from an explosion. It all looks absolutely amazing.Considering how relatively small a budget the first Deadpool movie received, it’s amazing that they got Colossus looking as awesome as they did. Stefan Kapičić was totally transformed in the best of ways. While Ryan Reynolds isn’t sure we’ll get a third film, we’re hoping that Colossus makes a return.With holograms of non-living celebrities becoming a thing, it makes sense that there would be something similar for actors who passed. Rogue One takes place right before the events of Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope. Naturally, they also used characters that were in use at the time of filming Episode IV. However, this issue came up when they needed to use Tarkin. Peter Cushing, who originally played Tarkin, passed in 1994.While his reflection in a window looked promising, when he turned around, our dreams were dashed with his oddly terrifying features. Using Guy Henry as a stand-in, the crew of Rogue One tried to use technology to bring Cushing back. The result was… well a bit frightening to be honest. Tarkin looked plasticky and weirdly shiny in comparison to the other actors. It just left the vague sense of unease and made him look very unreal.Now, Thanos is a very proportional genocidal manic, right down to his oddly symmetrical square chin. One thing we have to admit, even though he was responsible for ripping out all our hearts, is that the use of CGI on Josh Brolin was amazing. It totally transformed him into a character that came straight out of the comic book pages. The only thing recognizable about Brolin was his voice coming out of Thanos’ mouth.Even next to characters who use more traditional make-up, such as Zoe Saldana’s Gamora or Karen Gillian’s Nebula, audiences couldn’t even tell the difference. He looked that much part of his environment. Avengers: Infinity War is definitely the pinnacle of what can be done with CGI in film nowadays.In terms of modern CGI fails, Justice League probably tops the list in a big way. The biggest reason is Ciarán Hinds as Steppenwolf. It’s hard to tell if the personal troubles of director Zack Snyder or Joss Whedon stepping in messed with the VFX process in the movie. Something had to shuffle around last minute for what was done to Steppenwolf. He’s supposed to bean emissary of Darkseid, a first look into the world of the New Gods. He also doesn’t look finished or like a final boss in an early 10s videogame.Steppenwolf is another grey hulking villain with mediocre CGI. Either way, audiences were expecting something truly epic here. This was the first time the Justice League were together on-screen. He had to look amazing, but it just failed ultimately. Now we can only hope that the CGI sins of Steppenwolf don't follow Ava DuVernay in her take on the New Gods.Even back in 2002, Dobby the House Elf was probably a precursor for some the amazing VFX work done since then. In fact, a lot of what we have today can probably be traced back to the Harry Potter franchise. They had to develop a lot of technology to truly bring the Wizarding World to life. Since then, no one has quite stolen our hearts like Dobby. Even though his role in the films was drastically reduced in comparison to the books, audiences all believed that he was on the screen.He looked at characters, interacted with them, and they interacted with him. The CGI work was so believable that audiences went along with it. Even to the very end, then we all cried over Dobby.Before Dobby turned the game upside down in terms of CGI, we had Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone. The CGI for the people? It was laughably bad back then, especially in the flying scenes. Both Matthew Lewis and Daniel Radcliffe suffered the worst from this. When Neville Longbottom went on a wild ride on his broom, the CGI on Lewis looked bad by 2001 standards. It made him look more like an unfinished puppet, especially before Neville hit the ground.Sadly, the individuals working on the film couldn't use some wizardry to make the CGI better. Then the Quidditch scene. With the cuts back and forth between real people and CGI puppets, it just heightened the feeling of Uncanny Valley. Between this and The Scorpion King? 2001 was not an amazing year for CGI in movies.The Dark Knight remains one of the pinnacles of what a superhero film can achieve. Between its stellar performances, moody atmosphere, and excellent direction, this Batman film achieves an unprecedented level of perfection. One of the best parts of the film is the CGI used to achieve the half-burned look on Aaron Eckhart’s Harvey Dent.Nolan described the process, “When we looked at less extreme versions of it, they were too real and more horrifying. When you look at a film like Pirates of the Caribbean – something like that, there's something about a very fanciful, very detailed visual effect, that I think is more powerful and less repulsive." We think things look fairly gruesome, but it certainly does invoke powerful images.As technology changes, studios are using it to turn back the clock for the older actors. In the past, when they needed to have an older actor look younger, they hired a younger actor that looked the older one. However, with the advances in technology, many studios are using CGI to turn back the clock. It tends to fail more than it works. One of the sadder examples is Tron: Legacy.Despite their best efforts, the "younger" looking Jeff Bridges just made audiences uncomfortable. A highly stylized, highly CGI movie, the film wanted to bring back Bridges’ youthful looks for the computer program Clu. As a program, he wouldn’t age. It makes sense. What happened, however, was that it ended up looking off. The whole film ended up being a bust, but the worst offender is how uncomfortable the attempts to make Bridges younger made audiences.Ant-Man is actually a masterclass in CGI usage. Between the amazing shrinking set pieces and the dizzying dive into the quantum realm, director Peyton Reed definitely knew how to bring the fun with the hero’s powers. One of the more technically proficient moments, however, was the use of CGI to make Michael Douglas younger in the 1989 scenes.Unlike the extended time that Bridges was given in Tron, Ant-Man smartly made sure to keep the scene short and sweet. It gave those charged with rewinding the clock time in order to make sure that it looked pretty perfect. The final product is Douglas’ performance center-stage and a believability to the CGI. Hopefully, the age reversal can only get better from here.2011’s Green Lantern was supposed to harken a DC Cinematic Universe. Horrible reviews and poor audience reception quickly put the kibosh on those plans. While the story was a bit confusing and frustrating, a larger part of the criticism came from the CGI for the film. From Parallax to Sinestro, the characters in the film all looked a bit too fake to be interacting with Reynolds, especially on the expanded time he was training with the Corps.The worst of the worst, however, remains Reynold’s superhero suit. Rather than making a realistic suit, they opted for an entirely CGI suit, making it look like Reynolds’ muscles were exposed and green. It was completely mocked by audiences and by fans alike. Even Reynolds takes potshots at it, especially in 2016’s Deadpool. Let’s leave the superhero suits realistic, at least.For the most part, The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit should be an example on how to totally transform an actor using CGI. From the more recent, though possibly unnecessary, trilogy comes Benedict Cumberbatch as Smaug. Using mo-cap and filming on soundstage, the filmmakers were able to beautifully transform Cumberbatch into the dragon. In fact, audiences can definitely see Cumberbatch’s face in Smaug’s design, which adds another level of detail to the production.The end result leaves audiences with a truly mesmerizing, virtually realistic dragon that interacts with his environment. It also amps up the danger when audiences see Bilbo (Martin Freeman) and others near Smaug. It’s no surprise that character won an award with the Visual Effects Society.Fantastic Four, or Fant4stic, is one of those superhero movies that is just so bad, people can only talk about how bad it is. Not in a ‘so bad it’s good’ kind of way. While Michael Chiklis didn’t look much better as Ben Grimm/The Thing in the 2005 film, Jamie Bell fared far worse. He just didn’t look complete, much like everything else. You just feel like the time done with reshoots and digitally adding in actors would have been better spent making The Thing look like The Thing.It wouldn't have hurt to animate The Thing some pants, it's cold out there. It just looked painful to be him. There was the general weirdness about him wandering around unclothed, sd we all knew he was in his birthday suit. They couldn’t CGI him some hot pants or something? It was just weird.We all must bow at the altar of the visual effects teams for Tolkien’s works because they are the true O.G.’s for actor transformation using CGI. For over a decade, they’ve continuously knocked it out of the park by transforming Andy Serkis into the crazed hobbit obsessed with the Ring, Gollum. Not only does he look amazing for early-00’s CGI in the original franchise, he still holds up on the rewatch. Gollum looks perfectly at home on-screen right beside the real actors next to him. The fact that it holds up almost 20 years after the first movie was released says a lot.Without Gollum paving the way, then audiences probably wouldn’t have seen some truly amazing CGI characters brought to life. He also showed how important CGI character creation can truly be for a film.Is a list about the worst of things really complete if Jar Jar isn’t on it? We can debate this metaphysical question until the Tak Taks come home. One thing we definitely know is that the CGI for Jar Jar is pretty awful. Part of it is because the movies were made in the late 90s to early 2000s. It’s a time that is not known for its absolutely amazing CGI characters.Weesa no sure whya kids love him whena da prequels came out, heesa looks creepy. Another, larger part comes from the fact that Star Wars was a franchise that used practical effects to great success. Yoda, in the original trilogy, was a puppet created by the Jim Henson Company. The switch to CGI was pretty jarring to most fans, but Jar Jar in particular just stuck out like a sore, orange-ish thumb. On the opposite end of the spectrum, however, is Maz Kanata. Introduced in the Star Wars: The Force Awakens, the former pirate and smuggler turned tavern keeper looks absolutely amazing. From the wrinkles on her skin to her diminutive size, she truly looks like she belongs in the galaxy far, far away. There’s less of a rubbery quality to her facial movements. In comparison to Jar Jar, Maz is a masterpiece in visual effects and completely transforms Nyong’o.It also shows how motion capture really helps along good CGI. The facial expressions look authentic and real, given the actor was actually there to interact with the scenery and other actors. It shows how technological growth and making a good character can actually help the CGI process.--Did we miss any movies with terrible CGI characters? Tell us in the comments below!
Tags:
movies
Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
We're living in the golden age of TV. No longer is it seen as an inferior medium to cinema or poor man's entertainment, and many actors would rather have a role on a successful show than a big-budget movie nowadays. As such, the competition is now fiercer for roles, and everyone wants in on the meaty parts.The late comedian Milton Berle once said, "If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door"-- and he's completely right. However, when it comes to TV, the industry is known for building high walls for a variety of stupid and inexplicable reasons. On the other side of the coin, though, some actors create their own obstacles and sabotage their careers in the process.Throughout the years, we've found out about mainstream roles that could've been played by someone else. However, it's intriguing to dig a bit deeper at some of the reasons for these actors not getting the parts. In several instances, the logic is mindbogglingly strange, and goes to show that this industry isn't based purely on talent or star power but other agendas.So, let's take a gander at the 15 Actors Who Lost Out On Big TV Roles For Mind-Blowing Reasons.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIt's hard to imagine anyone else besides Sarah Michelle Gellar as Buffy Summers (even if Kristy Swanson was the first to portray the character in the 1992 movie), but we nearly had a different lead actress in Joss Whedon's Buffy the Vampire Slayer TV series.When castings took place for the show, Katie Holmes was reportedly offered the lead role. However, she turned it down in favor of finishing high school. A year later, Holmes auditioned for the part of Joey Potter in Dawson's Creek and got it.In retrospect, things turned out okay for both Gellar and Holmes, as they were important parts of their respective and acclaimed shows. In 2006, Holmes finally got her vampire fix by marrying Tom Cruise, who is unquestionably a daywalker.Out of the actors who appeared on the teen drama The O.C., it's the supporting characters who've gone on to become the biggest successes in Hollywood – most notably Olivia Wilde. However, things could've been a lot different for Wilde had she gotten the role she originally auditioned for: Marissa Cooper.Josh Schwartz, the creator of the show, explained how the casting for the lead role came down to Wilde and Mischa Barton. He believed that the character needed a vulnerability, and Wilde was too empowered to portray a broken teenager.According to him, "Olivia Wilde needed no saving." Despite not getting the part, Wilde did appear in season two as Marissa's girlfriend, Alex Kelly.Barton left the show at the end of the third season, and the popular drama didn't last too long afterwards.It's difficult to imagine anyone else but Jon "Bruce Wayne" Hamm as the dapper Don Draper in Mad Men. As Hamm explained on WTF with Marc Maron, though, he was never the first choice for the part."I started, literally, on the very, very bottom. I couldn't have had less heat on me. Nobody knew who I was. The casting directors didn't know who I was. I wasn't on anybody's lists. The funny thing was, I think they went to Thomas Jane for it, and they were told that Thomas Jane does not do television," he said.Well, Jane eventually sucked up his pride and appeared in the HBO series Hung from 2009 to 2011. His performance as Ray Drecker was well-received by critics and fans, but he never won a Golden Globe – unlike Hamm, who scored one for his role in Mad Men. Touché.Comedian and actress Sandra Bernhard has appeared in a variety of movies and TV shows, so it should come as no surprise that she was on the radar for Sex and the City when it first went into production.In an interview with Howard Stern, Bernhard revealed how she turned down the role of Miranda Hobbes because of the low paycheck and terrible script. "It has nothing to do with selling out; it just wasn't any good. Had it been a good script, had I thought it had legs, I would've done it. Even Cynthia Nixon admits it didn't catch on until the second or third season."Bernhard also threw shade at Sarah Jessica Parker in the same conversation. "[I would've had] to play third or fourth fiddle to Sarah Jessica Parker and put up with her s**t. It would've been hideous to work with her."Rumor has it that had Jerry Seinfeld gotten his way, we would've had a different George Constanza in Seinfeld. The man he originally wanted before Jason Alexander was the multitalented Paul Shaffer. However, as it turns out, Shaffer had no real interest in the role.According to Shaffer's memoirs, his receptionist received a message from Seinfeld, which said, "There's no audition. You've got the part. Just call us back!" Shaffer recalled his initial reaction, "I was kind of overwhelmed and I said, 'Jerry Seinfeld. What kind of show could he possibly get?'" He never returned Seinfeld's call.Years later, Seinfeld shot down the rumor, saying, "Wrong. I don't know how that got started. Not true." It would be nice if we knew who's telling the truth here.When you think of the late Whitney Houston, you remember her for the legacy she left behind in music. She was destined for greatness, and it's sad that her personal demons caught up with her as she passed away at the age of 48.Her career could've turned out much differently had she accepted the offer of playing Sondra Huxtable in The Cosby Show, which eventually went to Sabrina Le Beauf.According to an interview with director Jay Sandrich, Houston wanted to focus on her singing career. "So we gather in this room. And this girl who we brought from New York said, 'I can't sign this contract.' And I said 'Why?' She said, 'Well, I want to be a singer. I can't be in every show. I have to be able to tour.'"When the Scream TV series was announced, many fans were hesitant about it. First off, it would be aired on MTV. Secondly, what more stories could be told? Finally, who'd star in it?Upcoming star Bella Thorne was originally approached to play Emma Duvall, the lead at the center of Lakewood's high school murders, but she declined. Thorne explained that it didn't work out because she was unwilling to relocate and be away from home.In later interviews, though, Thorne said that she actually turned down the role because she was more interested in playing Nina, who died in the first episode, since it seemed like an iconic part – much like Drew Barrymore's character in the first Scream film. Or maybe the real truth is that Thorne just wanted more free time for Snapchat.Now, this is one role that we're glad went to the right person. When Scandal was picked up, Connie Britton was pitched by the network as the perfect person to portray Olivia Pope, and that's when the series creator, Shonda Rhimes, stepped in.Speaking to the Hollywood Reporter, Rhimes said, "Nothing felt more important than the sense of outsiderness. I didn't know that there hadn't been a drama series with a leading black woman for 37 years. When the show got picked up [to pilot], I got a phone call from somebody who said, 'This would be the perfect show for Connie Britton.' I said, 'It would be, except Olivia Pope is black.'"Considering the success of the show and Kerry Washington's performance, it's a godsend that Rhimes fought for this one.When 30 Rock's pilot was shot, Rachel Dratch portrayed Jenna DeCarlo, Liz Lemon's (Tina Fey) best friend. Afterwards, the role was recast with a new pilot, and Jane Krakowski landed the part as Jenna Maroney.Dratch spoke to the New York Post about the recasting. "When I was let go, I didn't think it was a big deal. The direction of the character had changed and pilots are recast all the time. I thought it would be a non-story, but suddenly it blew up." Dratch did go on to play multiple roles on 30 Rock and has said there are no hard feelings.The less politically correct answer is that the network wanted a prettier actress in the role and thus cast Krakowski instead of Dratch.To this day, Lost is still one of the most popular TV shows ever made, hence its main character, Jack Shephard (played by Matthew Fox), remaining a talking point for fans of the series. However, Fox wasn't creator, J.J. Abram's, number one pick for the part. That honor belonged to Michael Keaton.Explaining the situation to Access Hollywood, Keaton said Abrams originally told him the character would die in the first episode."I said, 'I'll seriously consider it, send me the script,' [but Abrams] said, 'No, we're keeping the guy alive,' and I said, 'Oh, ok, well I can't do that.' An hour show every week... I've got stuff to do, I've got a life to lead. When would I fish?"Well, we hope the former Batman actor still has enough time to go fishing.While it's impossible to imagine anyone else except Emilia Clarke as our Khaleesi, Daenerys Targaryen, there was almost another English actress in the role. In fact, Tamzin Merchant even filmed the pilot as Daenerys.As the story goes, the original pilot was received so poorly by the people in charge that it meant the team had to go back to the drawing board. Sadly, this resulted in some of the actors being recast – Merchant included. Casting director Nina Gold told Variety, "It's terrible to disappoint. It's difficult to let down. That's hard. It's tough, but you've got to get it right, ultimately."Despite being recast, George R.R. Martin has praised Merchant's performance. Maybe one day we'll get to see this mysterious pilot and Merchant's portrayal of Daenerys.While you might think the TV industry is where dreams become a reality, it can easily become a nightmare. Just ask John Posey, who packed up his life in Atlanta and moved to Los Angeles to become Danny Tanner in the sitcom Full House."From what I was told, they were looking all over the country for people and couldn't find a guy, although I later found out that Bob Saget and Paul Reiser were the two guys they were after first, and they were both unavailable," Posey told Yahoo. Nonetheless, he went on to film the pilot for the show.With his car full of his belongings and on the way to LA, Posey received a call from his agent. "[He said,] 'I don't know what's going on, but for some reason they're testing Bob Saget.'" The rest is history.After starring as Al Bundy in Married… with Children for a decade, Ed O'Neill struggled to shake off the typecasting and branch out. So, when Deadwood writer David Milch approached him and said he'd crafted the part of Al Swearengen specifically for him, O'Neill thought the tide had turned in his favor.Reportedly, Milch said, "You're going to be my Swearengen. It's done. You're gonna be f**king great." The only problem was, Milch had failed to tell any of this to the network.Ultimately, HBO decided against casting O'Neill because of the fear that viewers wouldn't be able to separate the actor from his Al Bundy role. The part ended up going to English actor Ian McShane, who won a Golden Globe for his performance as Swearengen.When Sons of Anarchy shot its pilot episode, Scott Glenn was cast as Clay Morrow. Not long afterwards, though, Glenn was replaced by Ron Perlman.Speaking to The A.V. Club, Glenn confirmed what happened, "Yeah, I did the pilot, and then they called me up – I remember my agent called me up and said, 'Are you sitting down?' I said, 'Yeah.' 'The network is going to go ahead with the series, but not with you playing that part.'""So essentially, 'You're fired,' but, 'We liked the series, but we don’t want you for whatever reason.' And I have my own ideas about why that was, but what is it they say? When one door closes, another one opens? It was ultimately probably one of the better things that could've happened to me," he said.In a Reddit AMA, Lily Allen claimed she was offered the role of Yara Greyjoy in Game of Thrones. It would've been a case of art imitating life, as Lily's brother, Alfie, plays the part of Theon on the show.However, Lily said the sibling intimacy part freaked her out (obviously, she doesn't watch Game of Thrones on a regular basis). "They asked me if I'd be interested in playing Theon's sister. I felt uncomfortable because I would have had to go on a horse and he would have touched me. Once they told me what was entailed, I said no thanks."After Lily's claims, though, her brother came out and said her story wasn't true and refused to elaborate. So, who's the telling the truth here?---Did we miss out on any other actors who lost out on big TV roles for shocking reasons? Let us know in the comments section!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Hollywood is in the superhero business. Sure, other genres are still in the blockbuster mix here and there, but for now, superheroes reign supreme.Comic-book movie juggernauts like the Marvel Cinematic Universe are casting as many stars as they can get for gargantuan superhero team-ups, while 20th Century Fox’s X-Men franchise is snatching up new talent for more experimental projects like Deadpool, Logan, and The New Mutants.This heavy demand for talent in the superhero genre has led to a steady stream of casting controversies, snafus, and mishaps.But juggling actors in and out of roles is hardly something that modern superhero movies invented. Hollywood has practically made an art of hiring, firing, re-hiring, and re-firing actors both in and outside the superhero genre.Our current age of comic-book blockbusters—an inflated avatar of everything Hollywood has ever been, and probably ever will be—is merely carrying the torch (albeit in a big way).In an age where behind-the-scenes stories have become their own entertainment industry, superhero roles are of constant public interest, not to mention under constant public scrutiny.To show you what we mean, here are 15 Actors Who Were Kicked Out Of Superhero Roles.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewIt’s unfortunate that 2008’s The Incredible Hulk became the forgotten MCU film. It had some solid action scenes, a great Hulk design, and Edward Norton as Bruce Banner.We all love Mark Ruffalo’s sympathetic take on the hulk-smashing scientist, but Norton brought a unique brand of tortured freneticism to the role.Norton was set to reprise the Hulk in Avengers, but prior to production on the long-awaited Phase I team-up, Marvel Studios released a statement that they had axed Norton in favor of “an actor who embodies the creativity and collaborative spirit of our other talented cast members.”In other words, they thought Norton was too much of a jerk to play with the other kids. Eighteen movies later, Mark Ruffalo is not only the MCU’s resident Hulk, but really the only one anybody remembers.Val Kilmer didn’t turn any heads as the Caped Crusader in Joel Schumacher’s Batman Forever, but he was a perfectly adequate Batman for a perfectly campy Batman movie.Unfortunately, Kilmer—who had just been cast in The Saint—was forced to bow out of the role when the studio insisted production on the follow-up begin immediately (the departure may also have been brought on by conflicts between Kilmer and director Schumacher, who claimed “[Kilmer] sort of quit, and we sort of fired him.”).And what a follow-up it was. Batman & Robin remains the punching bag of the entire Batman franchise, oft-maligned for its high-octane, '90s toy-marketing camp and goofiness.Kilmer’s replacement, George Clooney, took the brunt of that maligning for years before he rose above the batsuit and becameg an a-list movie star. It’s just too bad we can’t say the same for Chris O’Donnell.What could be more humiliating than having to leave a film that didn’t even require you to show your face? Ask James Purefoy, the original V in V for Vendetta.Purefoy had made it six weeks into filming on the Alan Moore adaptation when he could no longer work under the burden of wearing a mask for the entire production. With no compromise to be made, Purefoy left the project and was replaced by Hugo Weaving—a veteran of producers Lilly and Lana Wachowski’s Matrix trilogy.There are only a few scenes with Purefoy that made it into the final cut of the film. Weaving’s voice was, of course, dubbed over those scenes, as it was for the rest of the film to make up for Weaving's muffled voice during filming.Dougray Scott was this close to being 20th Century Fox’s resident Wolverine. The scottish actor was cast as James “Logan” Howlett in the first X-Men film in 2000, but scheduling conflicts with Mission: Impossible 2 forced him to pull out of the production.Hugh Jackman was brought in after production on the film had already started. Jackman was an unknown at the time, but he ended up being the breakout star of the film (despite being literally surrounded by bigger stars).Since Mission: Impossible 2, Dougray Scott has had a steady career full of colorful roles, but he’s certainly not a household name in the vein of Jackman.Who knows how successful Scott would have been in X-Men, or whether his Wolverine would’ve had the broad cultural appeal of Jackman’s take on the character. Either way, Tom Cruise really owes him an apology.Sitcoms will find ways to work and film around a cast members pregnancy, but not big-budget summer superhero movies.Annette Benning was the original Catwoman of Tim Burton’s Batman Returns. Burton hired the actress after seeing her incredible performance in The Grifters. Watch that movie and you’ll see real fast what Burton was so enamored by.As luck (or biology) would have it, Annette Benning’s Catwoman would never see the light of day. Benning’s pregnancy prevented  her from meeting the demands of the role, so she was dropped from the film and eventually replaced by Michelle Pfeiffer.Pfieffer’s Catwoman remains arguably the most beloved iteration of the character. Several Catwomans—both animated and live-action—have come since, but no one has overshadowed what Pfeiffer and Burton collectively brought to the screen.Benning would certainly have been a great Selina Kyle, but Pfeiffer’s crazed Catwoman has stood the test of time.Perhaps to an even greater degree than Edward Norton, Terrence Howard is a one-time MCU cast-member whose replacement ended up carrying the role well past Marvel’s Phase 1 and firmly into the public consciousness.Howard played James “Rhodey” Rhodes in 2008’s Iron Man. The actor went to great lengths to play an authentic air force officer in the film—visiting air force bases and meeting pilots to create a believable reluctant sidekick to Tony Stark. Howard was also a longtime fan of the Iron Man comics, and his dedication to the property paid off on screen.Howard’s enthusiasm didn’t pay off for him personally, however, when he was forced out of the role over salary disputes. Don Cheadle replaced him within hours of being offered the role in Iron Man 2, and the rest is history.Most critics (and a fair amount of fans) remember Suicide Squad as an undeniable dud with equally undeniable star power and charisma. The charisma factor would have been even more ferocious had the film’s original Rick Flagg— none other than Tom Hardy— not pulled out during pre-production.Long after his initial casting, Hardy was forced out of his Suiicide Squad role as The Revenant's prolonged poduction conflicted with the DCEU schedule. Flag was recast with Joel Kinnaman, who ended up doing an adequate job in the film.But the comic book world hasn’t seen the last of Tom Hardy. He’ll be returning to the dark-superhero subgenre this fall in the long-awaited Venom adaptation. Perhaps the Rick Flag role was too small to contain Hardy’s overwhelming screen presence.The upcoming Hellboy reboot has a lot to live up to, and it’s not off to an incredibly good start. The film has already experienced multiple casting controversies— including the replacement of OG Hellboy Ron Perlman with (the admittedly well-liked) David Harbour. The film has also had a whitewash casting incident in the form of Ed Skrein.Skrein was originally cast as Major Ben Daimio, a character who was asian in the comics. Within a week of his casting, public outcry over whitewashing caused Skrein to voluntarily exit the film.Casting with diversity in mind has certainly become a higher priority in Hollywood in the last few years, and Skrein’s decision to drop out of Hellboy is yet another step forward in making the system more inclusive.Batman Forever would have been Michael Keaton’s third performance as the Caped Crusader, but studio execs imposed a “lighter”, more kid-friendly tone upon the project, which eventually led to Tim Burton turning director duties over to Joel Schumacher and Keaton leaving entirely.With both Burton and Keaton out, Val Kilmer was brought into take Keaton’s place at the center of Schumacher’s neon-soaked, pun-happy Gotham.It’s doubtful that Keaton would have pulled off a performance as good as his what we saw in his previous Batman films— especially in a brighter cinematic universe that he wouldn’t have identified with, let alone recognized. Then again, Kilmer— though an adequate replacement— didn’t make a particularly notable stamp on the role.In fact, most people don’t even remember that Kilmer was ever Batman. Keaton, meanwhile, is still frequently hailed as the best live-action Batman to date.Thor was the second “fantasy” open where Stuart Townsend rapidly landed and lost an epic role. Ten years after being fired from The Fellowship of the Ring, Townsend was cast as Fandral, one of the Warriors Three in the first Thor movie.Already a replacement for Zachary Levi, Townsend ended up leaving the production as well, with both Townsend and the studio citing “creative differences”.Townsend’s replacement, Josh Dallas, won out in the film’s sadistic game of Fandral musical chairs and made it to the final cut.Dallas’ depticion of Fandral was inspired by Errol Flynn’s Robin Hood, and certainly meshed well with the movie’s ensemble and tone. Here’s hoping Stuart Townsend’s next superhero role will be one that actually makes it into the final film.That’s right. Long before he was a rumored contender to replace Ben Affleck as the DCEU’s Dark Knight, Jake Gyllenhaal was actually cast as Peter Parker in Spider-Man 2.After the success of the first Spider-Man film, star Tobey Maguire got himself temporarily fired from the sequel for playing hardball in salary negotiations. He even claimed that a back injury would prevent him from performing stunt work. Sony Pictures called Maguire’s bluff and sought to recast the sequel’s title role with Jake Gyllenhaal.Director Sam Raimi had already met with Gyllenhaal about the role when Maguire re-entered negotiations to win back Spider-Man 2. Once Maguire met with the film’s stunt coordinators to work out the details of the stunt work, Gyllenhaal was dropped—leaving Maguire to secure the role of Peter Parker for another 5 years.Marlon Wayans is still getting royalty checks from Batman Returns—a pretty good deal considering he wasn’t even in the movie.Earlier drafts of the script for Tim Burton’s Batman Returns included the introduction of Robin. Ultimately, the character was dropped from the screenplay to avoid a clutter of characters and backstories.At some point, though, Wayans was cast as Robin to either make his debut in Batman Returns or come back for Burton’s third Batman adventure. When Burton turned the property over to Joel Schumacher, Wayans’ Robin was dropped in favor of Chris O’Donnell.Fans have been speculating for years about what might have been had Burton made Batman Forever. The prospect of Michael Keaton’s Batman teaming up with Marlon Wayans’ Robin is certainly an intriguing element of that what-if.Scarlett Johansson's Black Widow has always been sort of a confounding presence in the MCU hero roster, but the character makes a little more sense when one considers that Emily Blunt was the original choice for the role.Back in 2009, Emily Blunt was well on her way to becoming a big star, with memorable performances in movies like Dan in Real Life and The Devil Wears Prada under her belt. When Marvel came calling with the role of Black Widow in Iron Man 2, Blunt was in the perfect position to accept the role and further raise her profile.Unfortunately, scheduling issues with Jack Black’s Gulliver’s Travels forced her to back out Iron Man 2, and Scarlett Johansson was cast instead. Since the release of Iron Man 2, Blunt has taken several action-heavy roles (Edge of Tomorrow, Sicario) that have demonstrated exactly what Marvel saw in her when they sought her out for Black Widow.George Miller’s Justice League: Mortal has become the stuff of legend. After the action c-change of Mad Max: Fury Road, movie fans remembered that Miller’s visionary cinematic genius was once the mastermind of a Justice League movie.Pre-production on Miller’s Justice League: Mortal began in 2007. The movie had cast all of its major roles by the time the writer’s strike hit and put the film’s production on hold.Further complications with further held back the film until Warner Bros. canceled it altogether, and we wouldn’t see the Justice League up on the big-screen for nearly another decade.In hindsight, one of the most intriguing members of the Mortal cast was Armie Hammer as Batman. Hammer was relatively unknown at the time, but has since become a household name. Who knows? Maybe Batman is still in Hammer’s future.You’ve probably seen countless memes of Nic Cage’s funky costume test for Superman Lives—a failed late-90’s project from Tim Burton. The test was for the durability of specific materials for the suit (not yet perfected or properly painted) which means it paints the production in an unflattering, and very unfair light. Watch the documentary The Death of Superman Lives: What Happened?, and it becomes clear that Burton’s bizarre Superman movie might’ve been one of the most visionary films of the genre.As for Nic Cage, he lost the chance to play Superman when Burton finally left the long-gestating project to direct Sleepy Hollow. Further script re-writes ensued after Burton’s departure, but ultimately the movie was shelved. And that’s how the world was deprived of Nic Cage as Superman. So which of these fired actors would have been better than their replacements?  What are your favorite superhero casting what-ifs? Let us know in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
At the rate it's going, pretty much every actor in Hollywood will have been cast as a superhero at least once in their lifetime. Heck, it's crazy to think that some of them have already played multiple characters in both Marvel and DC films.You can't escape the truth: the superhero business is a never-ending goldmine and lucrative career path that looks like it has no end in sight, so prepare to see even more of your favorite actors suiting up in spandex in the near future. That said, not every actor has experienced casting success in the genre, with some losing out on roles for the stupidest reasons imaginable.So, we've flipped through the history books and identified the instances where actors lost out either because of their own fault or other factors. Hollywood is notorious for making up stories about why actors don't get roles, so we've dug up the cold, hard truths and now know once and for all why these castings didn't happen.In some of these cases, though, they were probably blessings in disguise. Nonetheless, here are the 15 Actors Who Lost Out On Superhero Roles For Stupid Reasons.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewOne of the greatest tragedies of all time is that Robin Williams never got to portray a Batman villain, despite him going on record saying he wanted to. The reason for this is solely because of Warner Bros.Back when plans for Batman started, Tim Burton wanted Jack Nicholson for the Joker role, but the actor wasn't sure about it. So, Warner Bros. decided to bait him by offering the part to Robin Williams, who accepted it. As soon as Nicholson heard that Williams wanted in, he changed his tune and hopped back on board.Williams was so livid that Warner Bros. used him as bait that he rejected the chance to play the Riddler in Batman Forever. Additionally, he refused to star in any Warner Bros. production until the studio apologized to him.Before Lynda Carter and Gal Gadot, the ex-Mrs. David Bowie, Angie Bowie, campaigned for the role of Wonder Woman in ABC's TV movie. In fact, there's even a few test photos of her in costume.Sadly, Bowie didn't get the role, and she explained the reason in her autobiography: "Before I went to my dressing room to don the stipulated turtleneck, some woman from the studio came up to me. 'I see you're not wearing a bra,' she said. 'You have to wear one for the screen test. It's mandatory.' I couldn't believe it. I hadn't worn a bra for years."When she refused, she didn't get the role. Later, one of the show's writers propositioned her, but Bowie told him that she'd kill him if he tried it again. Sounds like Wonder Woman to us.Jake Gyllehaal's name is attached to almost every superhero project, yet he never manages to make the final cut. Although, if it were up to David S. Goyer, he would've been Batman in Christopher Nolan's Batman Begins.But there was one project Gyllenhaal was so close to getting that he could taste it. After the success of Spider-Man, Tobey Maguire wanted a more lucrative contract and played hardball with Sony. At one point, he claimed he'd hurt his back in a previous movie and couldn't do the stunt work required.Deciding to call his bluff, Sam Raimi, Laura Ziskin, and Avi Arad met with Gyllenhaal and offered him the role in Spider-Man 2. The actor accepted and got into shape to play the character. When Maguire heard about this, he came back with his tail between his legs and even apologized to the studio -- and they took him back.As soon as the news broke that a Captain America movie was optioned, everyone and their grandmother auditioned for the coveted role. After all, who wouldn't want to portray Cap in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?One of the actors who even made it as far as a costumed audition was The Office's John Krasinski. However, it was at the audition that Krasinski pulled himself out of the running.Speaking to Conan O'Brien, Krasinski explained how he was getting ready for his audition when he saw Chris Hemsworth in his Thor attire. Seeing the impressive shape that the Australian actor was in, he said, "I'm good. This is stupid. That's okay. I'm not Captain America."It's pretty silly, though, when you consider Krasinski's physique in 13 Hours. He could've just gotten into shape to play Cap as well.While Sean Young might be known for her hot and fiery temper and rubbing people up the wrong way, it wasn't her fault that she lost out on this specific role -- just bad luck. Originally cast as Vicki Vale in 1989's Batman, Young broke her arm in a horse-riding accident while the film was in pre-production.The timing was awful and sucked for her, since filming was set to commence in a week, and she was duly replaced by Kim Basinger.Deciding she didn't want to lose out on a second opportunity, Young organized a campaign to convince Burton to cast her as Catwoman in Batman Returns.She showed up at his office without prior warning in a homemade suit and even appeared on talk shows to lobby for the role. Michelle Pfeiffer got the part, so Young's efforts were all for nothing.When Tim Burton and Michael Keaton were still attached to the Batman Forever project, Rene Russo was originally cast as Dr. Chase Meridian. Three years younger than Keaton, Russo was seen as the perfect love interest for Bruce Wayne.This all changed when Burton and Keaton departed the project and Val Kilmer donned the cape and cowl. Russo was five years older than Kilmer and the filmmakers deemed her too old to be his significant other. Russo was 41 years old at the time, while Kilmer was 36.Ultimately, the role of Dr. Meridian went to Nicole Kidman who was 28 at the time and didn't really do much besides play the damsel in distress. With regards to Russo, it sounds like it was a whole lot of ageism and hogwash.Marlon Wayans' situation with the Batman franchise can either be seen as a missed opportunity or a nice fat paycheck for doing nothing. Either way, it's a fascinating story that showcases how much money Hollywood wastes.Originally, Wayans was set to appear as Robin in Batman Returns. However, his appearance was canned because there were too many characters in the movie. Wayans, though, isn't too upset about it, revealing that he was paid and still gets residual checks to this day.When Tim Burton left Batman Forever and there was an overhaul in personnel, Wayans lost a second chance to play the Boy Wonder as Joel Schumacher chose Chris O'Donnell for the role. In hindsight, he probably dodged a bullet, as the franchise only got worse after Schumacher took the reins.Joseph Gordon-Levitt is no stranger to the superhero genre, having starred as John Blake (Robin) in Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight Rises. There were even whispers that he could even be the next Batman as the end of the film left the possibility open.Back when Edgar Wright was still involved with Ant-Man, Gordon-Levitt's name was mentioned along with Paul Rudd's as a frontrunner for the role. Initially, Gordon-Levitt denied the rumors like he always does, but then admitted that there were discussions taking place.As we now know, Rudd got the coveted part. The reason was because of his history in comedy, which was required for the film. Reading between the lines, some fans speculate that perhaps Gordon-Levitt wasn't funny enough to play Scott Lang. In hindsight, though, Rudd was probably the better choice.Well, this must've been awkward. Both Chris and Liam Hemsworth auditioned for the role of Thor in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Chris didn't make the five-man shortlist, but his younger brother did.Now, this is where it starts to get a little suspect. Chris was shooting Cabin in the Woods with Joss Whedon and Drew Goddard, and they both expressed shock that he wasn't on the final shortlist. Not long afterwards, Chris received a call from his manager telling him he'd have another shot at the role and the rest is history.Knowing that Whedon went on to direct The Avengers, one can't help but wonder what influence he had in Chris' casting and getting him a second chance. One thing's certain: the Hemsworths' next family gathering must've been awkward.Iron Fist didn't exactly excite Marvel fans. For a character who is supposed to be one of the best fighters around, Finn Jones looked like he'd only learnt how to throw a punch a week before filming.However, it was almost Lewis Tan who got the part of Danny Rand. Speaking to Vulture, Tan said, "I read again and again and again, and it was a long process, and it got to the point where they were talking about my availability and my dates. That’s always a good sign, you know?"Tan did eventually get a smaller part in the series, but it's speculated that he didn't get the lead role because he wasn't "white enough" to play the character. It's madness that this is still a thing in 2017.After Rocky came out in 1976, Sylvester Stallone was one of the biggest movie stars in the world and his name was mooted for various productions. One project that he did want in on was Richard Donner's Superman, and he even met with the director about it.Donner didn't think that Stallone was right for the role, but found him to be a nice guy. Stallone was ultimately turned down for being "too Italian". However, he soon found out it was actually Marlon Brando, who had casting approval, that vetoed him.This angered Stallone, who later went on record saying that Brando was a hypocrite for taking the Jor-El role only because of the paycheck and had no love for the character. Stallone, on the other hand, had been a huge fan of Superman since childhood.William Baldwin almost played Batman on two occasions. The first time, he was one of Joel Schumacher's top four picks for Batman Forever after Michael Keaton had vacated the role. Schumacher later told him it was the studio that had decided to go with Val Kilmer and not him.For Batman & Robin, Schumacher told Baldwin that he was going with him, but somehow failed to inform him that George Clooney already had the role. "And that Friday afternoon, I thought I was playing Batman -- and then Monday morning, the headlines in the trades said that George Clooney had gotten the part," Baldwin said to IESB.Baldwin finally got his chance to portray the Caped Crusader, though -- albeit a little more unconventionally -- when he voiced the character in Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths.Here's something you never thought you'd read: Arnold Schwarzenegger lost out on the role of the Hulk in The Incredible Hulk TV series because he was too small.It wasn't about the size of his muscles, but his actual height. At 6'2", Schwarzenegger was deemed too short for the green monster, while Lou Ferrigno towered over him at 6'5". In the days when special effects were still more practical, Ferrigno looked a lot like a real-life Hulk and only required green paint.It wasn't the end of Schwarzenegger's superhero career, though, as he went on to play Dr. Victor Fries/Mr. Freeze in Joel Schumacher's Batman & Robin. His icy puns are now the stuff of legend and memes, even if the movie was a total dud.Well, this is a tale of two stories. When Bryan Singer was busy prepping 2000's X-Men, Jim Caviezel was cast as Scott Summers/Cyclops but dropped out at the last minute because of scheduling conflicts. Although, it's rumored that he was unhappy with how the character would be more in the background and wanted something more substantial.So, when Superman Returns came around, Caviezel expressed his interest in playing Clark Kent/Superman and was one of the favorites for the role.Singer, though, hadn't forgiven him for dropping out of X-Men and refused to cast him, saying he was "too famous" after starring in The Passion of the Christ.At the end of the day, it probably worked out best for Caviezel since Superman Returns wasn't exactly the best Man of Steel movie we've ever seen.Stuart Townsend seems to have an uncanny knack of losing roles after he's been cast. Remember how Viggo Mortensen replaced him as Aragon in The Lord of the Rings after four days of production?Another part that Townsend missed out on was as Fandral in Kenneth Branagh's Thor, which went to Josh Dallas. The official reason for him dropping out of the production was due to "creative differences." However, that's Hollywood speak for there's more to the story than meets the eye.According to an anonymous source, Townsend was actually fired after showing up six hours late to a screen test. The fact there was a replacement so quickly announced means that trouble must've been brewing for some time and no one was counting on him. Poor Townsend can't seem to catch a break.---Did we miss out on any other actors who lost out on superhero roles for dumb reasons? Let us know in the comments section!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Celebrities and animals seem to go hand in hand. They carry their fur babies around in their purses like prized possessions. They pose for ad campaigns with their four-legged friends and create Instagram accounts specifically for their fabulous pets. Some even go as far as to nab guest spots for their beloved pets in their shows and movies. It seems like every day we hear about some trendy (and expensive) pet product being snatched up by the Hollywood elite in an attempt to give their pampered pups the good life. We may find such obsessive behavior a little obnoxious or overboard, but it’s certainly better than the alternative. Sadly, that sweet treatment isn’t always the case.For every loving pet owner, there’s an equally neglectful (and equally famous) one out there too. You would think that they would easily have the money to afford any luxury that their pet would need, especially with the help of their numerous assistants, but some stars simply can’t find it in their calendars, wallets, or hearts to properly care for their pets. Whether they be exotic and bizarre pets or your regular everyday cats and dogs, no animal is safe in the hands of these irresponsible owners. From Lena Dunham to Chris Evans, here are the 8 Actors Who Have Mistreated Their Pets (And 8 Who Spoil Them).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewChris Evans loves his dog and his dog loves him. Being an actor, Evans is naturally kept apart from his pupper for extended periods of time, though. For instance, when Evans spent ten weeks away from his dog due to a film shoot, he was greeted by a highly enthusiastic Dodger when he finally got back home.Of course, Evans and Dodger’s relationship began with an adorable story. Evans was filming a scene for his movie Gifted in an animal shelter. He asked about whether the dogs were trained actors or actual shelter dogs. When he learned that the pups were indeed up for adoption, he wanted to take Dodger home with him right away. The two have since bonded over Dodger’s infamous singing chops. What a good boy.This one is sad-- especially given the devastating news of Chris Pratt and Anna Faris’s recent separation and pending divorce. Despite their popularity and the seemingly unending outpouring of love, Pratt and Faris have had their fair share of problems. Sadly, so did their former pet chihuahua Pete.When Faris adopted Pete, she promised the animal shelter that she would pay a hefty fine should she ever abandon the little guy herself. Four years later, that’s exactly what she did. Pete was found roaming around North Hollywood in terrible health and looking half-starved. Pratt and Faris quickly found the dog a new home and the shelter banned the actress from ever adopting there again. Faris is unable to adopt another animal from the agency unless she can prove that she had been searching for her lost dog the entire time.Selena Gomez has been known to get involved in drama-- but that’s just because she wears her heart on her sleeve. Gomez is a fierce advocate for a lot of issues surrounding the health and well-being of others. Naturally then, abandoned and neglected animals are high on her list of priorities.By 2011, Gomez rescued five dogs.  She found one just sitting alone in a field, while another was abandoned by a neighbor. No matter how they came to be in her life, Gomez’s pups all earned a special place in her heart. When Gomez added a sixth dog to her pack earlier this year, some fans were immediately disappointed that her new fur baby came from a pet store. However, others pointed out the awful living conditions that many pet store animals endure, praising her decision to once again give a living creature a happy home.There are tons of Kardashians, so naturally, there have been tons of Kardashian pets over the years. Sadly, most of those pets have met with tragedy and pain. Only a lucky few animals have gained unconditional love from their fashion mogul family. Kim Kardashian made up a list of the family’s pets and what had ended up happening to them. Let’s just say, this family is bad when it comes to pets. The Kardashian pets have simply been given away to friends, pastors, and hairdressers for a myriad of reasons. Kourtney gave up a Bengal cat when her son Reign was born and Khloe gave up one of her dogs when she moved in with Rob after her divorce. To make matters worse, a few of the Kardashian family pets have even sufered painful deaths. When Kim’s white kitten Mercy got sick, it died a few months after being relocated to a hairdresser’s house. Additionally, Dolce the chihuahua was eaten by a coyote.  To be fair, Kylie seems to be doing her best to make up for all of them.He may be best friends with some of the biggest superstars in the world, but George Clooney’s heart truly belongs to his 300-pound Vietnamese pot-bellied pig named Max. It comes as a surprise to nobody that Clooney wouldn’t settle for your typical pet. Max was originally meant to be a gift for Clooney’s then-girlfriend Kelly Preston, who went on to marry John Travolta. When the couple broke up, Clooney got custody, living with and loving his old buddy Max for 18 years. Clooney used to joke that his relationship with Max was his longest-running relationship ever. At one point, Clooney was famous for his bachelor ways, but it turns out that may have been Max’s doing. Unsurprisingly, a 300-pound pig was a dealbreaker for a lot of Clooney’s potential suitors. Another celebrity, another monkey. We get it-- if you had the money would you not spend it on your very own monkey? Of course, you would. Howver, most people actually care for their pets (especially exotic ones) once they purchase them. Such was not the case with Justin Bieber. Bieber’s poor capuchin monkey was confiscated by customs in German. Bieber was supposed to file paperwork to regain ownership of his “beloved” pet but never did. Then he was supposed to pay a fine or risk losing his monkey to a local zoo… but he didn’t. To be fair, Bieber seemed to show real remorse for the loss of the monkey in later interviews. However, he also admitted that he was warned not to bring the animal to Germany, as the country considers it endangered, but he chose not to ignore that advice.Lady Gaga loves her french bulldogs. Gaga is Mother Monster to three french bulldogs-- Asia, Koji, and a new little one whose name is apparently a mystery, though Gaga had a habit of calling him either Cowpig or Moonpig in his early days at home.Gaga’s puppers are actual models, often being showcased in their fur mama’s photoshoots. In fact, Asia even landed a gig as the face of Coach (thanks to her Instagram fame) and helped launch a pet products line with her proud mom.Gaga often buys them fancy, bizarrely unique costumes, and basically gives them the run of the house. Sadly, Gaga’s intense love for her doggies has had some negative consequences. Since her french bulldogs (and those of other celebrities) have become so popular on social media, there has been an uptick in abandoned french bulldogs.Frances Bean Cobain had to grow up without knowing her father. Eventually, she would go on to lose her mother as well, as Courtney Love would be stripped of all custody of her daughter. Court documents involved in the case revealed a tragic detail about the Love/Cobain household: Courtney Love was accused of accidentally killing her daughter’s pets-- as if Frances needed even more loss in her life. The documents accused Love of indirectly causing the deaths of both a cat that became entangled in fabric and a dog that ate some of Love’s prescription drugs. When Cobain’s grandmother helped Frances escape her harrowing living conditions, she even went through the trouble to get a restraining order against her mother. This was to ensure that her most recent pet, a dog named Uncle Fester, would be able to escape Love's home.Miley Cyrus loves her pets. She loves them so much it hurts. When Cyrus’s dog Floyd died in 2014, she did the only reasonable thing she could think of: she sang a tribute song to a giant inflatable replica of him while on stage. Cyrus also went on a Tweeting-spree after her little Alaskan Klee Kai puppy was attacked by a coyote, sharing her grief with her fans. She had a similarly intense reaction when her blowfish, Pablow, died just a year later. The singer/songwriter wrote a tribute song to her beloved fish friend and performed the emotional song at a backyard concert. Cyrus was clearly distraught at the show, as she cried throughout the entire song. She also got a tattoo of Pablow on her arm to keep him near her at all times. Jesse James is infamous for cheating on his ex-wife, America’s Sweetheart, Sandra Bullock. However, many fans don't know about James' lack of love for his pets. Sure, divorce is a trying and hectic time, but that doesn’t justify completely losing track of your own dog., which is exactly what James did with his pitbull Cinnabun at the time. Just one year later, a second pit bull made a violent attack on a random corgi named Buckley, nearly killing the helpless animal. The victim’s quick-thinking owner punched the four-legged assailant and helped to separate the dueling dogs before poor Buckley was rushed to emergency care. It appears like James didn't do much to help the situation.James’s assistant was forced to pay for the corgi’s medical bills on his behalf, handing over $250 to the corgi’s owner.Ricky Gervais hates people, that seems pretty obvious. However, he loves animals. The actor, comedian, and producer is a vocal advocate for animal rights, constantly imploring his social media followers to donate and help raise awareness of the struggles facing various animals. Gervais’ love isn’t solely reserved for wild animals, though-- he also loves his cat. Gervais regularly shows off his kitty, Ollie, on social media. He has posted some photos in the past depicting his Siamese up to some feline hijinks. Other pictures proudly show off Gervais and Ollie cuddling up and getting cozy for the night. Before Ollie came into Gervais’ life, he had another sweet kitty named Colin. Sadly, Colin passed away, but Gervais retained his deep love for his lost friend, posting a tribute on Twitter 15 years later.Lena Dunham adopted her shaggy-haired Lamby from an animal shelter. The poor pup had a history of abuse and had gone through three different owners before Dunham opened her home to him. Unfortunately, the actress began to report violent and aggressive behavior from the dog and did not end up keeping it. Dunham then claimed that she had found a home for Lamby at a facility designed for troubled dogs. She thanked her boyfriend for being so patient through all of their struggles with Lamby… but the adoption agency claims otherwise. The agency claimed that their records show that Lamby was simply given up because his owners didn’t have enough time for him. Nothing about abuse nor about multiple owners was mentioned, which didn't line up with Dunham’s sad tale. A rep even pointed out that they had pictures of Dunham and Lamby snuggling through the adoption process and reminded everyone how often Lamby was featured with Dunham in public appearances. Kesha is devoted to her pack, so much so that she devoted an entire floor in her home to her furry pals. Kesha’s love for her animals runs in the family, though-- her mother would rather cook for their animal brood than for her own daughter. Kesha revealed that her mother would often take the time to cook chicken for the litter of pups, but the same can’t be said for her daughter. In an interview with People, Kesha acted out a routine interaction with her mom: “When I come home she’s like ‘get out of the dogs’ chicken!’ ... And I’m like, ‘what do I eat then?’ and she goes, ‘I don’t care, that’s the chicken for the dogs.'"In recent years, Kesha has begun advocating for animal rights. She ran a “Cruelty Free” campaign, supporting the ban of testing cosmetics on animals, trading and selling shark fins, and the annual slaughter of seals in Canada. Everyone saw that hilariously awkward video of a distraught looking Amber Heard desperately apologizing for falsifying forms and bringing her dogs into Australia illegally, while an uncomfortable Johnny Depp sitting next to her. The world laughed, Depp laughed, but Australia wasn’t laughing.The video was meant to be an apology to the country and resulted in the charges against Heard being dropped, but nobody believes that the former couple actually wanted to film the video it in the first place. At the time of the illegal dog smuggling, Heard was told to get her dogs out of the country or risk seeing her pups put down. On top of that, Heard faced expensive charges of over $100,000 and could have been sentenced to ten years in jail. He might play one of the most brutal villains in TV history, but The Walking Dead’s Jeffrey Dean Morgan is one of the biggest sweethearts in Hollywood. The zombie drama’s cast and crew constantly praise his friendly attitude and easy going nature. However, it’s not just people-- Morgan has a deep love for animals too.Morgan has a unique tattoo on his forearm. It includes French word "bisou" in cursive. "Bisou" means “kiss” in French, and it perfectly describes how the Negan actor felt about his little puppy. The dog was visibly sick when he bought her from a bunch of kids at Venice Beach. He chose to name the little pup Bisou.Bisou went on to lead a happy, healthy life before passing away 12 years later. Morgan got the tattoo as a memorial to his beloved friend. Given how much trouble Chris Brown’s has been in over the years, it can’t come as a major surprise to discover that he's a bad pet owner. However, it’s still more than a little shocking.Purchasing pets for very young children has always been a bit controversial, as many activists worry that the pets won’t be given proper care when the thrill wears off or when the animals grow up. Imagine the outrage when it was revealed that Brown bought his 3-year-old daughter Royalty a capuchin monkey as an early Christmas gift. Many fans lost it on social media, imploring Brown to realize that a wild animal shouldn’t be treated like a domesticated pet and that wild animals especially should not be kept around young children.---Did we miss any of your favorite celebs and their pets? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
It’s no secret that many actors use body doubles and stunt doubles while filming their movies. It’s also no secret that there are many actors who are well known for doing their own scenes and stunts, no matter how steamy or dangerous they are. There are many decisions that actors make that end up as major discussion topics on social media and online forums. This can happen when viewers share their thoughts and opinions about an actor’s decision of whether or not to use a body double.Most of the situations in which a body double is used revolves around stunts or nudity. That’s not too surprising, considering the danger that’s inherent with stunts and the fact that once an actor does a nude scene, their body is out there for the world to see forever.Interestingly, some actors will alter between using a body double and doing the work themselves. The factors depending on the situation, budget of the film, or preferences of the director. That said, there are others who are firm in their convictions to either use or not use body doubles in their films.Here are the 9 Actors Who Needed to Use Body Doubles (and 6 Who Did the Work Themselves).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewOne of the most well-known uses of a body double in recent memory is Lena Heady in Game of Thrones. In a show that’s not afraid to be revealing in nearly every episode, Heady has noticeably always been clothed or arranged in such a way that her most personal body parts have been hidden from public view.It then came as a surprise when Headey was seemingly shown to be marching down the street with no clothes on in the show’s season five finale. The only thing is it wasn’t Headey, but a body double.This ended up garnering plenty of discussion online, with viewers coming out in both criticism and praise for the actor’s choice. Interestingly, the experience was reportedly gratifying and freeing for both Headey and her double.Despite showing off his rear end in Dances with Wolves, Kevin Costner did not do his own nude scene in Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves. This seems like a strange decision, seeing as the actor had done it before.During the movie, Costner’s Robin Hood appears in a certain waterfall scene, except it wasn’t Costner showing off his body to the world. It turns out, the decision was a financial one.Apparently, it was cheaper to use a body double rather than Costner. Whether that was because Costner required a higher price to do the scene or some other arrangement, the decision was made to replace the actor in the scene. This promptly avoided the extra cost that would have been incurred with using Costner.As Andrew Garfield prepared for his role in The Amazing Spider-Man, he did his best to channel his inner Bruce Lee. Garfield ended up working extensively on his physique. Interestingly, his efforts pushed him to perform his own stunts in the movie rather than use a stunt double.While Garfield’s position as Spider-Man only spanned two movies, his desire to take on the persona of his character was well known in Hollywood and among fans of the Marvel franchise.Even though Garfield is no longer the web-slinging hero, it’ll be hard to forget his efforts to be the best Spider-Man he could be while the had the opportunity. The dismal performance of The Amazing Spider-Man 2 forced Sony to drop their plans for any sequels.These days, Lindsay Lohan is known for her outlandish behavior and revealing Playboy photoshoot. However, before Lohan worked with Playboy, she had an opportunity to show off her body in Machete.However when the time came, Lohan chose not to bare it all. Instead, the actor used a body double for the required scene in the movie. Many viewers pointed out that the body double chosen for Machete looked nothing like Lohan and ruined the immersion of the film.That factor, along with Lohan’s quick change of opinion (as seen with her aforementioned photoshoot) have only added to her unique public character. Lohan continues to entertain and confuse people around the world.After appearing in Slumdog Millionaire, Freida Pinto was known as a sweet and confident actor. It thus came as a surprise to many people when the young actor appeared in the movie Immortals in all her glory.However, Pinto revealed after the movie was released that the "glory" belonged to another, since she had used a body double for the scenes. It was then a bit strange when that same year, Pinto chose to be herself and appeared without clothes in the movie Trishna.This made critics eat their own words for any negativity they had drummed up about her decision in Immortals. It’ll be interesting to see if Pinto continues with this decision in future films or if she opts to go back to a more conservative mindset.For Atomic Blonde, Charlize Theron made the decision to not only show off her own body for the movie’s revealing scenes, but also to perform many of her own stunts.While the movie didn’t get the acclaim or financial success that the studio was surely hoping for, many viewers were impressed with Theron’s performance on multiple fronts.With that in mind, it wouldn’t be surprising to see Theron take on similar roles where she opts to do the steamy or action-oriented scenes herself, without the use of a body or stunt double. While there isn’t necessarily anything on the horizon that meets that expectation, another Atomic Blonde movie probably isn't out of the question or at least another movie with the same director, David Leitch.In You, Me, and Dupree, the movie’s director decided to use a body double for a brief rear end shot of Wilson’s character. Interestingly, the decision was made for Wilson. The actor jokingly mentioned afterward that he wasn’t sure how to interpret the decision by the director to use a body double, especially if he was willing to do the work himself.Considering that men rarely go full frontal in film and television, a simple shot of a rear end would likely not be a big deal. It would be entirely expected that a male actor would do the work himself. However, as mentioned previously, there are often other considerations at work when it comes to revealing scenes in movies for both men and women.Those other considerations can include availability of the actor, the situation of the scene, or the budget requirement of the actor showing a little more skin than they’re comfortable with.The premise behind Wedding Crashers focuses on two men attending random weddings in hopes of getting lucky with one of the bridesmaids or attendees. Unsurprisingly, the movie includes some revealing scenes.One such moment includes Isla Fisher, the spunky, redhead comedic actor who chose to use a body double for her steamy scene rather than appear unclothed herself. In a follow-up interview to the movie, Fisher revealed her decision was based on her belief that as a comedic actor, she would no longer be seen as funny in the eyes of viewers if they were to know the more intimate sides of her body.Whether or not viewers agree with that sentiment, it’s hard to argue with a person’s strong opinions about how she expresses herself and her body on film.Tom Cruise is well known for doing many of his own impressive stunts in the Mission Impossible movies. From hanging onto a plane as it takes off, to climbing on the outside of the tallest building in the world, Cruise has done some impressive and daring stunts for his role as Ethan Hunt.Even as Cruise approaches 60 years old, he doesn’t seem to show any signs of slowing down in his stunt work, be it for the Mission Impossible franchise or otherwise. Cruise has reportedly starting using a double for some scenes in Mission Impossible 6, seeing as the actor was injured while on set.However, it’s noteworthy that some of the most dangerous and daring stunts are still done by the man himself.While Natalie Portman has done plenty of steamy scenes in movies like Black Swan, she hasn't always wanted to shed her clothes onscreen. Interestingly, it was in a film where Portman’s character wears a thong that a body double was used.Portman admitted that she used a body double in Your Highness during a swimming scene, but claims the reason was the water in the scene was really cold. While some may think that Portman opted for a body double to refrain from showing off too much of her body, others have pointed out that she hasn’t been afraid to shed her clothes before.For the time being, viewers can assume the water in Your Highness really was just very cold.Angelina Jolie is no stranger to showing off her body in movies, considering she’s done numerous scenes of the like across multiple movies. It may then come as a surprise to learn that she used a body double in Wanted.While the exact reason for Jolie’s use of a body double isn’t public, many have speculated that she may have wanted to be more modest. This could have been due to Jolie and Brad Pitt working on a family at the time.Others have pitched the idea that her body didn’t match the expectation the production crew had in mind for her character. Whatever the reason, it’s well known that at least for this film, Jolie‘s intimate body parts remained hidden from the world.Similar to other action stars, Jason Statham prefers to do many of his own stunts in films. This means that he rarely uses a body double. A prime example of this is in the movie Crank, where Statham took on many of the dangerous actions himself.Statham has admitted that doing his own stunts isn’t always the best idea, but says he loves the adrenaline and can’t get enough of the work. With that in mind, one can expect that Statham will continue to perform many of his own stunts.There are few actors who could have properly pulled off the manic pace of Crank and its sequel Crank: High Voltage, but the commitment that Statham showed in performing his own stunts helps to sell the over-the-top events.Similarly to his brother, Luke Wilson used a body double for his work in My Super Ex-Girlfriend. However, unlike his brother, Wilson made the decision himself and even had a hand in choosing the body double.According to Wilson, he wanted a body double because he didn’t feel like he was athletic enough for the situation. It would be interesting to see if Wilson would have made the same decision if My Super Ex-Girlfriend was produced today instead of in 2006, considering how much attention is put on actors getting fit for their parts.This is especially true with the huge amount of superhero movies hitting the big screen these days. which all feature extremely fit actors.Before her acting debut in Death Proof, Zoe Bell was a stunt person for Lucy Lawless, Sharon Stone, and many other famous actors. It then comes as no surprise that Bell opted to do her own stunts in the action-packed, Quentin Tarantino film.In Death Proof, Bell actually placed herself on the hood of a moving car, meaning that any small error on her part could have been quite serious. Since then, she has appeared in numerous films and continues to handle her own stunts.While she may use body or stunt doubles in the future, it’s respectful that Bell continues to take pride in her efforts to handle the challenges that her characters face -- even with the potential danger such challenges come with.Easily the most recognized name when it comes to not using a body double, Jackie Chan simply has no equal. The man’s efforts to do his own stunts are legendary.Even now, more than four decades after kicking off his acting career, the man still does many of his own dangerous stunts. Interestingly, Chan hasn’t broken nearly as many bones as many attribute to him. That said, the list of broken bones and injuries is still impressive.Chan has broken his nose, fingers, and toes numerous times, as well as suffered serious injuries to his ribs, head, and shoulder. He’s also suffered many other types of injuries, including cuts, bruises, and burns. Despite the pain and danger, Chan continues to train and do his own stunts.--- Can you tell when body doubles are used? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Okay, so Julian Assange biopic The Fifth Estate didn’t exactly set the awards season alight like many expected, but it still wasn’t the abject failure that its dismal box office figures suggested either. And it’s the only notable blot on a career which has seen Benedict Cumberbatch emerge asone of the quintessential British actors of the 21st Century.Indeed, name a recent big hit from across the pond and it’s likely that the classically-trained actor has played a part in it somewhere – from Atonement and Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy to War Horse and The Imitation Game, not forgetting his masterful portrayal of everyone’s favorite detective Sherlock Holmes, of course. But Cumberbatch has been just as impressive when he’s ventured into Hollywood territory, whether it’s playing Khan Noonien Singh in the Star Trek reboot, Smaug in The Hobbit trilogy or real life Democrat William Bulger in Black Mass.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
You would think most actors become famous by creating a portfolio of work filled with diverse film and television roles that showcase how expansive their acting can be, but, for some actors, this is not the case. There are many celebrities in Hollywood who’ve been able to make careers based on one role, amassing millions of dollars and fan recognition.Although this type of fame can lead to success within the realm of high baller paychecks, this method to stardom isn’t the best for actors who are trying to be considered as seasoned veterans. This method is known for stunting growth and has even been the reason why many actors haven’t been able to land roles outside of the characters that made them famous.While a deal of a lifetime may seem like one’s best bet, it can also be one’s biggest haunting-- though it really is up to the actor to decide.Here are the 15 Actors Who Are Only Famous Because Of One Role.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewMacaulay Culkin began his career as an actor at the age of four when he first appeared in a stage performance of Bach Babies, but his rise to fame truly came from his American Comedy Award-winning performance as Kevin McCallister in Home Alone.After its release, the movie grossed more than $285 million in the U.S. alone, becoming one of the highest grossing movies during the time. This success led to Culkin becoming one of the biggest child stars in the film industry.Despite the fact he was considered as the most successful child actor since Shirley Temple, his acting career didn’t take flight. The young star’s other movies were considered commercial and critical flops that didn’t garner the same recognition his Home Alone character. The question is, did Culkin peak after filming the Home Alone movies?Sarah Michelle Gellar delivered what could be considered one of television’s best cult classic performances as Buffy Summers in Buffy the Vampire Slayer, creating a revival in genre television. Her role as the butt-kicking, vampire-and-demon slaying teenaged female icon paved a path to success for this actress.Not only was Gellar able to play Buffy Summers in the series Angel after Buffy The Vampire Slayer’s television debut, but she was also able to milk Joss Whedon’s series for seven seasons.Unfortunately for her, she hasn’t been able to land any roles that could differentiate herself from the vampire-whooping character. Since the conclusion of the show, Gellar’s been sticking to various voice acting jobs for shows like American Dad, The Simpsons, and Star Wars: Rebels, but she hasn’t really made any memorable onscreen appearances.Maybe this is a sign saying that she was just born to slay for a comeback season.We all had the time of our lives with Jennifer Grey when we watched her performance that made her career as Baby Housemen in Dirty Dancing, but since her dancing days, she hasn’t been able to land many roles in the television or movie industry.Despite earning a Golden Globe nomination for Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture for her Dirty Dancing performance, Grey hasn’t been cast in many movies or tv series that could differentiate herself from her character as Baby.However, she taken up many voice-acting parts for movies such as Mrs. Kurokawa in The Wind Rises and Louisa Patel, Mrs. Pierpoint, and several other voices in Phineas and Ferb, but, unfortunately, one can’t rely on voice acting for recognition.Matt LeBlanc’s performance as Joey Tribbiani in Friends-- one of the greatest sitcoms-- was the role that skyrocketed his acting career. Oftentimes, LeBlanc stole the show with his brilliant smile, foolish sense of humor, and well-known catchphrase “How you doin’?”Although he was a fan favorite on the show, he was unable to rise to fame like his former castmates Jennifer Aniston and Courtney Cox. Instead of moving on from Friends, LeBlanc refused to look for other acting jobs and reprised his role of Joey in a spin-off series titled after his character’s name.Unfortunately, the show was canceled during its second season due to awful ratings. Because of his failure to find roles outside of Friends, LeBlanc went on an acting hiatus for a while. He later went back to acting, but nothing helped him move on from Joey, as he was still playing very similar roles.Tobey Maguire has starred in many movies, playing the roles of Nick Carraway in The Great Gatsby, Red Pollard in Seabiscuit, and J.T. in Joyride. However, to his fans, he will forever be known as the OG Spider-Man.In 2002, Maguire took on the red mask and became Peter Parker in Sam Raimi’s Spider-Man. His action-packed performance was one that paved the path for Spider-Man movies to come.Maguire’s pivotal role as the web-slinging superhero was so iconic that he was able to milk three films from the Marvel franchise. Although the sequels didn’t get the same recognition as the original movie, Maguire was able to keep his fame intact.However, he hasn’t been able to get away from the Marvel character. Maybe with Tom Holland’s take on Peter Parker in Spider-Man Homecoming, Maguire will be able to finally create a name for himself outside of the Spidey-verse.In 1984, Ralph Macchio wooed the world with his boy next door act as Daniel LaRusso in The Karate Kid, and it’s safe to say that his career was made from that role. If it weren’t for his final Crane Kick, his name probably wouldn’t be one to remember.Despite taking small roles in shows such as Psych, Happily Divorced, and The Outer Limits, Macchio hasn’t been able to secure any high caliber silver screen roles since his high-flying days as LaRusso. This may be because he can’t shake off the name.Due to the popularity of The Karate Kid, he made a reprisal role in the Karate Kid Part II and Part III, and he has even played Daniel LaRusso in the stop-motion comedy sketch series Robot Chicken.Sandra Oh has been acting onscreen since 1989, with her first role as Gwen in the television series Denim Blues, but the character that made her career as an actress was Cristina Yang in the popular TV drama Grey’s Anatomy.Her gripping performance as the humorous and aggressive surgeon has won her a Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Miniseries or Motion Picture Made for Television and has gotten her five Primetime Emmy nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series.Since the finale of Grey’s Anatomy, Oh has starred as Abby Tanaka in American Crime and Kathy in Shitty Boyfriends, but these roles haven’t garnered the level of prestige that her role as Cristina Yang received.In 2009, Zach Galifianakis stole the show as the most outlandish and funniest character Alan Garner in The Hangover. This film is one that amassed a large following and has been called one of the best adult comedy films in modern cinema. It’s no wonder that Galifianakis’s career was built from this franchise.Regardless of his success within the film and television industry, he hasn’t been able to land many roles outside of the stereotypical Alan Garner character. From his voice acting endeavors as Felix in Bob’s Burgers to his more serious role as Bobby in It’s Kind of a Funny Story, Galifianakis has been type casted as a goofy, clumsy oaf.Maybe this is the only role he’s meant to play or maybe we just haven’t seen him at his full potential. Time will tell.Alfonso Ribeiro, the actor of Carlton Banks, hasn’t taken on many character roles outside of his renowned part in the '90s series Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. His famed role playing the childish, privileged, and sometimes ignorant cousin to Will Smith created his career as an actor.Although he has made small appearances in shows like Shake It Up!, Are We There Yet?, Big Time Rush, and has played the reoccurring role of Darren in Things We Do for Love, Ribeiro hasn’t been able to shake off Carlton from his name.However, with his appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in 2015, he may not be trying to disassociate himself from the name. It would be difficult to see Ribeiro as a character other than Carlton Banks.Linda Blair may have worked on several projects such as Silent Assassins, Witchery, and Monster Makers, but her career as an actress was made by her role as Regan MacNeil from The Exorcist.At six-years-old, Blair started her career as an actor, and at thirteen she was able to spook the world with her performance as a young child possessed by a demon. Her haunting performance was so horrific that she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.Her acting career may have taken flight after her rise to stardom, but her role as MacNeil was the peak of her career. In fact, Blair took on a reprisal role as Regan MacNeil in the sequel Exorcist II: The Heretic. Unfortunately, this film didn’t get the same recognition that The Exorcist obtained, and was considered a flop in comparison. At least she will always have the first movie to keep her fame intact.Many fans know him as his character Sheldon Cooper from Chuck Lore and Bill Brady’s sitcom, The Big Bang Theory, and that’s because Jim Parsons was made for the part. Whether you enjoy watching the neurotic scientist character or not, Parsons does an amazing job in making the audience both love and hate Sheldon.Despite gaining huge success from this role, Parson’s hasn’t had many roles outside of The Big Bang Theory and hasn’t been able to step away from his sitcom character, signing on to take part in the spin-off series called Young Sheldon.Even though he was able to make it onto the silver screen, taking on roles in films such as Hidden Figures, Home, and The Big Year, Parsons has been pigeonholed into scientific, calculated, Sheldon roles.Rowan Atkinson may have received recognition as an actor after voicing the character Zazu in Disney’s animated film The Lion King, but the character he played that garnered the most attention from fans across the world was none other than the silent, teddy bear loving Mr. Bean.This comedic Charlie Chaplain-esque role is one that Atkinson brings to life. From giving bowl cuts to children in “Hair by Mr. Bean of London” to going on a trip to Cannes in Mr. Bean’s Holiday, Atkinson is able to play the funny character that audiences can empathize with, without uttering a single word.Atkinson may play other roles such as his reprisal as Johnny English, but his take on Mr. Bean will always be the performance that kickstarted his acting career.Although he started his career as a film actor back in 1989 as the Video Game Boy in Back to the Future II, Elijah Wood’s career really took flight when he was cast as the leading character, Frodo Baggins in  Lord of The Rings: The Fellowship of The Rings.Due to his iconic role as Frodo, Wood became an iconic face in pop culture. He may not be considered a heartthrob like his costar Orlando Bloom, but the adventuring Hobbit is a reoccurring character for many “It’s Over” internet memes.Since the success of The Lord of the Rings trilogy, Wood has kept a low-profile and hasn’t had any large onscreen roles. He’s taken on many voice acting gigs and has taken up DJing on the side, but he hasn’t really done anything big enough to disassociate himself from the role of Frodo Baggins... which might not even be his goal.There’s no doubt that Mark Hamill is a talented performer, but we all know he made his career as an actor by his leading role as Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars trilogy. From joining the Rebel Alliance to learning about the identity of his father, Hamill has graced his fans with a timeless performance filled with both action and drama.Despite taking on the roles as the villainous Joker, the conniving Trickster, and several other voice acting gigs, Hamill will always be known as the last of the Jedi, especially with his reprisal role in the future Star Wars films.That being said, Hamill is in touch with his inner Luke Skywalker-- no matter how old is or how many acting roles he takes on, Hamill will remain a Jedi for life.If you haven’t been living under a rock for the past sixteen years, then you should know of the Boy Who Lived. Daniel Radcliffe, otherwise known as Harry Potter, played the title role in the screen adaptations of J. K Rowling’s famed series from the time he was eleven years old up until he turned twenty-two.However, since then, the Chosen One hasn’t been able to shake off his wizarding name. Whether he is a young solicitor discovering a vengeful ghost of a woman in the British horror film The Woman In Black, a charming dog walker in a romantic movie Trainwreck, or the undercover neo-Nazi in Imperium, Radcliffe will always be known as Harry Potter. He is forever the boy with the lightning scar.He may take on new roles in several other movies and grow as an actor outside of this franchise, but to Potterheads, he will always be the Boy Who Lived.---Can you think of any other actors who made their careers with only one role? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In Hollywood, living vicariously through the roles you inhabit is commonplace, but the turmoil actors puts themselves through can often take a toll on both the mind and the body. In an interview earlier this year, actor Tom Hardy spoke of the strain preparation can have on the body. Speaking of his role as Bane in The Dark Knight Rises, for which he packed on thirty pounds of muscle and mass, Hardy said his body has begun to show signs of wear, making it increasingly more difficult to change his figure for new parts.As actors age, so do their bodies, but because of the cliche of the struggling artist, many of them are forced to endure dramatic transformations. Whether it’s an intense workout regimen, an unhealthy diet to pack on the pounds or a crazy amount of time spent in the makeup department, hours of work go into encapsulating the characters of the screen. Among the people of everyday life, these extreme measurements could be misconstrued as insanity, but in a profession where playing make-believe is part of the job description, it’s a necessary evil required to achieve the desired effect.Taking a look at the upcoming slate of films and television events in the coming year, there’s plenty of reasons to be excited about the diversity of roles. From inspirational biopics to sweeping fantasy adaptations, these are the 17 Actors Who Transformed Radically for Upcoming Roles. Can you recognize all the stars behind the characters?Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAlthough the recent news of Kevin Spacey’s long career of harassment has led to the actor being appropriately recast as the American industrialist J. Paul Getty in Ridley Scott’s All the Money in the World, to not include him on our list would be an insult to the fine work accomplished by the makeup department. Taking five hours each day to complete the transformation of the actor into the 81 year old, Spacey appeared to be a completely different person in the first trailer for the film, complete with a white-haired, wrinkle-faced look.With Christopher Plummer now set to take over the part of the former richest living American, we’ll have to wait to see how the final film portrayal will turn out. As a controversial figure who notoriously negotiated the kidnapping of his 16 year old grandson, it will take a talented performer to effectively achieve the feel of the frugal businessman. Luckily, Plummer has the resume to pull off such a feat.Not to be outdone by his younger brother Bill, who recently wowed everyone with his terrifying performance as Pennywise in Stephen King’s It, Alexander Skarsgard has chosen to go to extreme lengths in his next role in order to shock audiences with his appearance. Unlike his brother however, Skarsgard’s shocking new look won’t come from a startling amount of time spent on makeup. Instead, the actor has decided to shave off his blond hair to play a bald tech nerd hoping to make millions.Directed by Kim Nguyen, The Hummingbird Project is a comedy that follows two cousins involved in High Frequency Trading who dream of building a fiber-optic cable between New Jersey and Kansas, only things don’t go according to plan. Described as the brains of the operation, Skarsgard will ditch his bad boy good looks for the new hairdo. The appearance has already sparked a social media outcry from the dapper actor’s fan base, but the transition will be well worth it if the movie pays off the way he hopes.The Australian-born Margot Robbie has been making waves since breaking out opposite Leonardo DiCaprio in Martin Scorsese’s The Wolf of Wall Street, but her first truly transformative role came two years ago when she ditched the glamour for a baseball bat and facepaint as Harley Quinn in Suicide Squad. Now that she’s proven how fearless she is when it comes to taking on challenging parts, she’s immersing herself into the controversial life of the 1991 U.S. Champion figure skater Tonya Harding in I, Tonya.Making headlines in 1994 after conspiring to have fellow competitor Nancy Kerrigan attacked following a practice in Detroit, Harding was banned for life from the U.S. Figure Skating Association and gained celebrity status for her rebellious nature. Robbie’s performance as the disgraced athlete has already been recognized by critics and fans alike. As a self-described redneck from Oregon, Harding was far from the prototypical skater. She was a misfit, a fact which Robbie admits she didn’t try to sugarcoat in her portrayal of the character.In 2018, Josh Brolin will star in his third superhero movie role as Cable in the much anticipated release of Deadpool 2, but to become the cybernetic warrior from the future, the 49 year old actor had to take on a serious workout regimen. Although Brolin’s transition into a toned machine began with his cosmic transformation into the purple tyrant Thanos for the upcoming Avengers: Infinity War films, the part of Cable brought on some new challenges. With more exposure on screen, the actor had to make sure he could match up next to Ryan Reynolds’ Merc with a Mouth.According to videos shared on Brolin’s Instagram page, his workout included some serious bicep and abdominal-focused moves. Fitted with a techno-organic right eye and metal arm, his ripped physique and fierce look are a dead ringer for Cable in the comics.Time will tell if his performance will remain as faithful as his appearance, but for now, Brolin's commitment to the part appears to have paid off in full.With her strong aversion to cutesy pop star outfits, Lady Gaga has become an inspirational figure in the fashion industry. From high-end sunglasses to giant platform heels, she’s made a name for herself thanks to her fearless ability to stand out. With her whacked out performance in American Horror Story: Hotel, Gaga's since managed to break out in the acting field, but her true talent will be tested when she jumps in front of the camera for the remake of A Star Is Born.Following the up-and-coming songstress Ally as she is discovered by country music star Jackson Maine, the film will depict the tumultuous love affair between the couple as Jackson’s declining career is quickly eclipsed by Ally’s newfound stardom. For her new part, Lady Gaga went back to her roots. Sporting less makeup than usual, she appears with a straight, brown-haired look while singing next to Bradley Cooper's country rock persona.Fans will get a glimpse of Gaga’s range when the film hits in May 2018.A jack of many trades, James Franco’s career has defied the standard Hollywood definition of an actor. Playing everything from a drug-dealing pothead in Pineapple Express to a dreadlock-wearing Riff Raff wannabe in Spring Breakers, his range makes him a rarity among performers. In his latest role, Franco decided to take on a drastic new look to show what life is like in the movie-making industry.As a defining character of bad B movies, the mysterious cult icon Tommy Wiseau has gained recognition thanks to his feature The Room. From his unplacable Eastern European accent to his age, which he continually hides from the media, Wiseau is one of the most improbable stars to have a movie made about him. To prepare for the part, Franco admitted to staying completely in character while directing the picture. According to his brother Dave Franco, the role-playing had to be explained to many visiting guests by the rest of the cast, which unsurprisingly got on many people’s nerves before production wrapped.Avoiding typical leading lady roles, Tilda Swinton has become a chameleon of the screen, taking on outlandish parts that only the greatest shapeshifters could pull off. From a gender neutral dystopian politician in Snowpiercer to the bald, mystical Ancient One in Doctor Strange, Swinton’s ability to tap into a character is unmatched. Now with her role in Luca Guadagnino’s Suspiria remake coming next year, she’s looking to add another face to her list of achievements.Though details are still being kept under wraps for the horror remake, photographers managed to catch a glimpse of Swinton on the set dressed as an elderly man with thick-rimmed spectacles. The biggest mystery of Swinton’s disguise is how it will fit into her character. Despite being dressed as a man, she was actually cast as Madame Blanc, the evil proprietress of a ballet academy where much of the movie takes place. As of yet, it is unknown how the appearance will feature in the film, but it’s certainly a unique departure that is certain to turn some heads.Netflix is quickly beginning to edge out the movie theater by offering its subscribers a unique in-home theatrical experience with some of cinema’s most intriguing films and television shows. Next up is David Ayer's Bright.Set in a where world hard-nosed police dramas and mystical fantasy stories are one and the same, Bright follows officer Daryl Ward (played by Will Smith) as he’s paired with an Orc to protect the public from a weapon of mass destruction. Headlining the film alongside Smith is Joel Edgerton in an uncharacteristically make-up heavy role as Nick Jakoby, the aforementioned Orc who gets wrapped up in the mayhem. Also making an appearance in an equally unidentifiable role is Noomi Rapace, an evil elf who is responsible for the creation of the artifact Ward and Jakoby encounter in the film.Whisked away across the universe in a fantastical adventure that folds the fabric of space and time, Disney’s upcoming live action adaptation of Madeleine L-Engle’s young adult novel A Wrinkle in Time is already impressing viewers with its wonderfully strange cast of characters. Featuring Reese Witherspoon, Oprah Winfrey, and Mindy Kaling as celestial beings capable of extraordinary things, the movie will follow a young girl named Meg as she travels to foreign worlds with the help of an artifact known as the Tesseract in order to find her long lost father.Across Meg’s interplanetary journey, director Ava DuVernay looked to shake up her cast by breaking the traditional literary archetype of the three wise women. A red-haired Reese, a shadowy-looking Mindy, and a bejeweled Oprah bring the pages of the epic to life in an eclectic and diverse bit of casting genius.In season one of American Crime Story, producer Ryan Murphy took on the incredibly difficult task of casting the right actors to recreate the trial of the century against O.J. Simpson. Now into the second season of the true crime series, the show is set to capture another dramatic moment of the '90s when it covers the assassination of fashion extraordinaire Gianni Versace. Addictively blending the world of high fashion with the violent depictions of Versace’s murder at the hands of gunman Andrew Cunanan, Edgar Ramirez looks fully immersed in the luxurious lifestyle of the character, appearing on set with Versace’s signature wavy white hair slicked back over his head.According to Murphy, the series will fully feature the relationship between Versace and his partner of fifteen years Antonio D’Amico. The show will also address the topic of homophobia which inevitably led to the fashion icon’s death by Cunanan.Ask any cinephile and they'll like say Al Pacino is one of the finest performers to ever grace the silver screen, but he’ll challenge his likability as an actor when he tackles the role of controversial Penn State head coach Joe Paterno in the untitled HBO biopic. After becoming the winningest coach in college football history, Paterno’s integrity was put into question when the misdeeds of his defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky, who was indicted on 52 accounts of child molestation in 2011, were revealed.First look images of Pacino in the role have already won many people over. Appearing in thick rimmed glasses, the grey-haired Pacino is decked out in Paterno’s signature outfit. Teaming up with director Barry Levinson, who the actor recently connected with in the dramas You Don’t Know Jack and The Humbling, the film will depict the character as he’s forced to deal with the consequences of his inaction.We’re still a year away from Freddie Mercury’s biopic Bohemian Rhapsody, but already people are getting hyped to see if Mr. Robot star Rami Malek will be able to pin down the music legend’s flamboyant style and four-octave voice. For Malek, the role could be a breakout performance in the movie world and it’s a task he’s not taking lightly. Speaking about the surprising look that came the role, Malek described his first experience in costume as an affirming moment that proved he was capable of pulling off the part.Chronicling Mercury’s life, from the formation of Queen in 1970 until the band’s performance at Live Aid in 1985, six years before the prolific singer died of AIDS, Malek’s uncanny resemblance to the performer already has many people talking about potential award buzz.From the first look image released online, he’s certainly managed to pull off the mustachioed appearance and classic stance of the performer.Prior to becoming one of the greatest actors you’ve never heard of, Doug Jones studied mime and contortion, two art forms which have helped him to become a professional when it comes to creating distinct body languages and hand gestures for many of the screen’s most captivating creatures. Often buried under heavy prosthetics, Jones' uniquely slender frame has made him an optimal choice for roles like the Faun in Pan’s Labyrinth or Saru in the new series Star Trek: Discovery. Teaming up with Del Toro for yet another collaboration, the actor is front and center in the new film The Shape of Water, although he’ll likely go unrecognized once again. As the Amphibian Man, it took four crew members with K-Y Jelly to fit Jones into his latex suit. With webbed-fingered gloves and scuba diving techniques to simulate the look of floating, Jones had to be on top of his game to transform into one of his most astonishing characters to date.When news of a Hellboy reboot spread online, the internet was sent into a tizzy debating who would don the Right Hand of Doom as Anung un Rama. Anyone stepping into the shoes of the beastly Ron Perlman would undeniably be tasked with looking the part. Director Neil Marshall turned to Stranger Things alum David Harbour to save humanity from the things that go bump in the night.In order to go from the flabby sheriff of Hawkins to the jacked monster of Mike Mignola’s comics, Harbour enlisted the help of celebrity trainer Don Saladino. To achieve the physique of the occult-battling hero, the actor did some seriously exhausting deadlifts piled on top of other muscle-defining workouts such as suitcase carries, bench presses, and kettlebell squats.To date, Taylor Kitsch’s career highlight was as the hot football player Tim Riggins in Friday Night Lights, but despite catching the eyes of many viewers, he has yet to hit his mark in a major way at the movies. Although failed roles in blockbusters such as John Carter and X-Men Origins: Wolverine have left much to be desired, Kitsch is hoping to win over audiences with his role as cult leader David Koresh in the miniseries Waco.Depicting the 51 day siege of the Mount Carmel Center ranch, the series will show Koresh's stand-off with the FBI after the ATF failed to seize guns from the property. To prepare for the role, Kitsch lost 30 pounds and listened to hours of conversations between Koresh and FBI negotiator Gary Noesner.With his long hair and glasses, he certainly looks the part and from the sound of it, it seems he prepared himself for the kind of toll such a role can have on the conscience.Since hitting it big with his role in the foul-mouthed teenage comedy Superbad, Jonah Hill has differentiated himself from the typical comedian with a dirty sense of humor. With two Oscar nominations under his belt, he’s shown that he’s a risk-taker who can stand with the best of them in compelling dramas while also going back to his old ways to get a laugh or two. Throughout his career, Hill has appeared noticeably slimmer, getting into shape for movies such as 21 Jump Street, but we've also seen him at his biggest, packing on pounds for his role in War Dogs.For the Cary Fukunaga series Maniac, set to debut on Netflix sometime next year, Hill has changed his look up yet again. Spotted on set, Hill has been seen wearing an assortment of outfits, including a tattooed, Post Malone look. According to everyone involved, the show will focus on Hill’s character, who spends his days inside a psychiatric ward dreaming of various fantasy lives.When it comes to dramatic bodily transformations, Christian Bale has rightly been crowned the king of kings. In a career which has seen Bale reduced to nothing but skin and bones in The Machinist, buffed up as a muscle-packed Dark Knight in Christopher Nolan’s Batman films, and out of shape as a 228 pound con man in American Hustle, his weight has yo-yoed back and forth throughout the years. With an Oscar to show off all his hard work, he’s rightly earned his spot as one of the more credible actors of our time.Spotted on the set of his new film Backseat, a balding Bale was seen sporting a hefty new look as the former Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney. The controversial figure’s story, which is set to hit theaters sometime in 2018, will depict the politician from his younger years all the way to the White House. Also joining him is actress Amy Adams, whose appearance as Cheney’s wife Lynne is certain to gain recognition of its own.---Which transformation surprised you the most? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The visual effects techniques used in filmmaking are evolving at an astronomical rate – so much so that it’s even possible to “resurrect” deceased actors. Understandably, this has opened up a debate about the ethics involved with using a performer’s likeness once they’ve passed away.Sure, using digital effects to complete a few missing scenes when an actor meets their maker mid-way through production seems above board – but what about featuring actors in new movies long after they’ve shuffled off this mortal coil? Just where do we draw the line on what is and isn’t acceptable when it comes to using CGI to craft posthumous performances?It’s a question that’s caused considerable anxiety in Hollywood, with many stars concerned that their likeness will be inserted into films without their permission when they’re gone. That’s why several actors are putting in place legal measures measures to prevent CGI “clones” of them from being created, to ensure this never happens to them.Of course, in showbiz, you should never say never. At some point in the future, it’s possible that these restrictions will lapse, or that an actor (or more likely, their estate) will change their stance on the whole “posthumous performance” issue. Even so, there are at least a few thespians out there that we’re pretty positive won’t be delivering any lines from beyond the grave, based on what we know about them.All this being said, here’s a round-up of 14 Actors Resurrected With CGI (And 6 That Can Never Be).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewPaul Walker was involved in a fatal car accident, off-set, while principal photography of Furious 7 was going on. A hefty number of scenes featuring his character, Brian O’Conner, were not yet in the can. After careful consideration, director James Wan ultimately decided to use digital effects to craft a fitting on-screen exit for his friend and colleague.Fortunately, he had support from the late actor’s family, with Walker’s brothers Caleb and Cody – who bear a striking physical resemblance to their sibling – serving as stand-ins on set.Aside from being a touching gesture, this made Weta Digital’s job less daunting, as the effects artists could focus their efforts solely on recreating Walker’s face with CGI, rather than constructing an entire artificial body.Marlon Brando is one of the greatest actors ever, and among his most famous performances is Superman’s father Jor-El in the 1978 movie starring Christopher Reeve.When Bryan Singer set out to create a quasi-sequel, Superman Returns, he was keen for Brando to reprise the role. The only problem was that Brando had already passed away!Singer had a plan. First, the director negotiated with Brando’s estate for permission to use footage filmed of Brando for Superman (and sequel Superman II). Next, he commissioned effects house Rhythm & Hues to digitally recreate the screen icon’s likeness. Relying on these new visuals and existing audio, he managed to cobble together Jor-El’s cameo appearance.The world was shocked when the news of beloved funnyman Robin Williams taking his own life broke in 2014. Indeed, fans just weren’t ready to say goodbye to the star behind several treasured performances, from the madcap Genie in Aladdin to therapist Sean Maguire in Good Will Hunting.And yet that’s exactly what those hoping to see Williams on screen again will have to do. Prior to his passing, the actor put in place protections around the use of his likeness . CGI can’t be employed to make him appear in a film, TV show or even as a hologram!Impressively, the savvy comedian also saw to it that nobody can cash in on his existing body of work until 2039, either.2016’s Rogue One: A Star Wars Story sees Peter Cushing once again portray the villainous Grand Moff Tarkin, in a substantial supporting role – surprising, considering he succumbed to prostate cancer back in 1994.Visual effects powerhouse ILM was behind this feat, combining a spot-on performance by impersonator Guy Henry with a cutting edge CGI recreation of Cushing’s face.The end result is eerily accurate, if not entirely convincing 100% of the time.Still, ILM’s near-flawless work re-ignited the debate over the morality underpinning posthumous performances, with several critics effectively accusing director Gareth Edwards of virtual grave-robbing.Audrey Hepburn epitomizes the romance of, and nostalgia for, a bygone era, so it’s easy to see why her likeness has been relied upon so heavily to market products over the years. That said, until 2013, this meant repurposing existing photos and footage of the actress, who passed away 20 years earlier.All that changed with Hepburn’s appearance in a commercial for Mars’ Galaxy chocolate bars, which used bleeding edge CGI to bring the style icon back to life to create a brand new scene.The work by effects house Framestore is undeniably impressive, and for the most part, it really does look like Hepburn took part in filming this Amalfi Coast-based promo.Modern visual effects can be used to accomplish almost anything – but there are still limits. Need proof? Consider The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 2, where director Francis Lawrence was forced to rewrite a key scene featuring Plutarch Heavensbee, as actor Philip Seymour Hoffman suffered a fatal overdose before he could film it.Lawrence was adamant that a digital recreation of Hoffman would never be able to deliver a performance with the same nuance and skill as the celebrated actor, and immediately abandoned the prospect of using a digital double.Nevertheless, CGI was still used to superimpose Hoffman into a few shots where Plutarch’s absence could not otherwise be explained away.Jessica Chastain is admired as much for her outspoken views as she is for her considerable acting talents – and her opinions apparently extend to the posthumous performance issue.In an interview with New York magazine, the actress says she has refused to cooperate when asked to submit to being digitally scanned at least once before.The rationale behind Chastain’s refusal to take part in the process was motivated by her perception that the scans were unnecessary for the production in question, and could instead be used to create an unauthorized CGI “clone” of her. Chastain seems determined to protect her likeness from being used without her knowledge.As you’ve no doubt surmised from the title, this entry constitutes a “triple whammy”: Marilyn Monroe, Grace Kelly and Marlene Dietrich all popped up in a 2011 advert for Dior’s J’Adore fragrance.Charlize Theron – the current “face” of the product – is ostensibly the focus of the commercial, but it’s fair to say that it’s the trio of sorely missed screen sirens who steal the show.The CGI on display here is a bit of a mixed bag. True, it’s virtually impossible to distinguish between the real-life Kelly and Dietrich and their computerized counterparts. Monroe, however, doesn’t fare so well, with the late actress’s digital doppelgänger falling into the unnerving “uncanny valley” that afflicts so many synthetic performers.Perhaps the most influential martial artist of all time, Bruce Lee’s premature passing at the young age of 32 (under mysterious circumstances, no less) has only served to fuel his legend. To this day, the Enter the Dragon star remains a highly marketable figure – although fans occasionally object to Lee’s likeness being used, as Johnnie Walker found out the hard way.For those of you who don’t already know, Johnnie Walker makes Scotch whisky.Back in 2013, the company used CGI and repurposed audio to have Lee promote its wares. What’s so outrageous about this, you might ask? Well, Lee was famously a teetotaller, and would likely never have appeared in an alcohol advert while alive!Like Robin Williams, John Candy is a comedy great whom we lost before his time. Only 43 at the time, Candy experienced a fatal heart attack in early 1994, shortly before filming wrapped on his final flick, Wagons East!.With the film already so close to completion, director Peter Markle drew on every trick available to him – script re-writes, body doubles and rudimentary digital effects – to fill the void left by his leading man.That said, given the film was a critical and commercial flop, perhaps he shouldn’t have bothered!During production of forgettable sci-fi blockbuster Oblivion, Tom Cruise was digitally scanned so that his likeness could be perfectly replicated in scenes where a digital stunt double was required. Where things get interesting is that Cruise only agreed to this on the condition that the raw data involved be turned over to him!Presumably, the logic here was that whoever had access to the data in question could conceivably use it to engineer future performances by Cruise without the star’s involvement or permission.This suggests that Cruise has already had the relevant legal restrictions drafted to prevent his image being used posthumously. That tracks, given how carefully maintained his personal brand is.If there’s one thing we can hopefully all agree on, it’s that using CGI to “revive” deceased actors should never be done lightly.Laurence Olivier’s cameo in Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow was seemingly done just because director Kerry Conran knew it was possible.Drawing on archival footage and audio recordings of the late stage and screen legend, Conran and his team of visual effects wizards briefly inserted Olivier into the film as supervillain Doctor Totenkopf.Subtle CGI ensured that the repackaged material was seamless integrated with its surroundings – but it all seems a bit pointless, especially when a different, flesh-and-blood actor could easily have done the job.Before she passed away in 2016, Carrie Fisher allowed Disney/Lucasfilm to create a digitally de-aged version of herself in character as Princess Leia for Rogue One. Even so, director J.J. Abrams has confirmed that no CGI trickery will be used to “resurrect” the actress for upcoming Star Wars sequel Episode IX. Rather, unused footage from The Last Jedi will be manipulated in order to fashion an appropriate send-off for Leia (and Fisher).Based on a statement released by Fisher’s brother, it seems that her estate welcomes Abrams’ choice not to bring Fisher back via artificial means. What’s more, the wording used alludes to this being her final “performance,” presumably ruling out any other future appearances by an all-CGI Fisher.In a cruel case of history repeating itself, the world lost Bruce Lee’s son Brandon at a young age, too – courtesy of an accidental gunshot wound on the set of 1994 comic book adaptation, The Crow. This likewise led to Brandon being “resurrected” via digital effects, although on the plus side, this was handled much more artfully than his father’s Johnnie Walker commercial was.With most of Lee’s scenes finished, director Alex Proyas backed then-pioneering CGI techniques to complete his performance. Stunt double Chad Stahelski stood in for Lee on-set, with Lee’s head composited over Stahelski’s via digital effects, and audiences barely noticed.In a 1991 commercial for Coca-Cola, Elton John performed a concert in front of a crowd that included more than few very familiar – and very much no longer alive! – faces.In addition to fellow musician Louis Armstrong, Sir Elton appeared to entertaining cinema greats Humphrey Bogart and James Cagney.The public reaction to the advert was mixed, to say the least. Some commentators appreciated the then-revolutionary CGI employed. Others were disgusted to see actors of Bogart and Cagney’s calibre reduced to shilling soda – although, crucially, both actors’ estates signed-off on it.Although Bela Lugosi might be an unfamiliar name to younger readers, for an entire generation of moviegoers, the late actor was Count Dracula. Such was the lasting affection for Lugosi’s portrayal of the character that Universal Pictures continued to profit off of licensed merchandise bearing the Hungarian star’s likeness for decades after he passed away in 1956.In 1979, Lugosi’s son unsuccessfully sued Universal over its use of his father’s image, and this lead to new legislation that effectively blocks the use of Lugosi’s likeness until 2026.Bearing in mind both the estate’s protectiveness of the Lugosi “brand” and the legal barriers in place, it seems unlikely he’ll ever be revived via CGI-- not without a fight, anyway.Nancy Marchand’s turn as Tony Soprano’s domineering mother Livia in The Sopranos earned the veteran stage and screen actress a Golden Globe and a Screen Actors Guild Award.Despite Livia being such a memorable character early on in the series’ run, showrunner David Chase actually had even more planned for this malevolent matriarch – but unfortunately, this just wasn’t on the cards.Complications related to lung cancer and emphysema would claim Marchand’s life in mid-2000, before cameras rolled on Season 3, bringing Livia’s arc to an abrupt end.Chase felt that such a prominent character deserved a proper send-off, and used around $250,000 of the show’s budget on the CGI needed to devise a farewell scene.Of the many films on his resume, Roy Scheider is best known to casual cinephiles for his leading role in Steven Spielberg’s classic creature feature Jaws. Obviously, the Oscar-nominated actor’s career amounted to more than one movie, and Scheider was active right up until he passed away in 2008, aged 75.Scheider’s final bow came in Iron Cross (also known as Justice/Vengeance), even though he lost his battle with cancer prior to filming all of his scenes.Luckily for writer-director Joshua Newton, Scheider had filmed the majority of his scenes. All that was needed to patch over Scheider’s absence was to shoot the necessary footage with a stand-in, who wore a latex mask which was augmented using CGI.Oliver Reed’s wild nights out on the town were still the stuff of legend long after the acclaimed English thespian entered his twilight years – and ultimately led to his passing. This tragic turn of events went down while shooting for Ridley Scott’s Gladiator was underway, which meant Reed was obviously unavailable to participate in yet to be filmed scenes featuring his character, Proximo.That said, these scenes only amounted to a few minutes of screen time, as the bulk of Reed’s footage was already locked off. It’s hardly surprising that Scott utilized visual effects techniques – predominately digitally grafting Reed’s head onto a double’s body – to capture Proximo’s handful of missing moments.Yes, Fred Astaire’s likeness was repurposed in a mid-90s commercial for Dirt Devil’s wireless hoover, but it’s also fair to say that this represents the last time the singing and dancing sensation’s image will ever be used in this way.Astaire’s estate has since grown intensely protective of how his likeness is repurposed, to the point where new legislation has been drafted as a result. This means that any companies looking to use today’s CGI to create bespoke footage of a deceased celebrity to promote their product should probably look elsewhere.Astaire has hung up his dancing shoes for good!---Did we miss out any other actors resurrected by CGI? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
There are many reasons why an actor would want to leave a show before it has ended. It's possible that they have been offered a better job elsewhere, or they are being offered less money to renew their current deal.Interpersonal issues can also be a major factor, as dislike between actors or the crew can grow to be toxic enough to make people want to quit.There are some actors who have returned in later seasons, due to their previous issues being resolved.There have also been times when an actor has refused to come back for a final appearance, even if it means depriving the fans of a cathartic ending to one of their favorite characters.We are here today to look at the actors who refused to return for their character's last appearance. From the Starfleet officer with expensive memories, to the Doctor who refused to die on screen.Here are the 15 TV Show Actors Who Refused To Return For The Finale!Click the button below to start this article in quick viewTerry Farrell played the role of Jadzia Dax in the first six seasons of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. Jadzia was killed off at the end of Season Six, with the Dax symbiont moved to another host.The reason Jadzia was killed off was due to Terry Farrell wanting to leave the show. She had been offered a role in Becker, where she wouldn't have to endure extended periods of time in the makeup chair every day.Farrell has also revealed that she hated working with Rick Berman, which was the final straw in causing her to leave.The final episode of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine includes a scene where all of the characters have flashbacks of their time aboard the station.The producers had wanted Terry Farrell to return for a new flashback sequence, but it had to be scrapped, as they couldn't meet her salary demands. She also refused to give them permission to use footage of her during any of the other flashbacks.Shannen Doherty played one of the three original Halliwell sisters on Charmed. She left the show at the end of its third season, due to issues with the other cast members. This forced the producers to introduce a long-lost fourth Halliwell sister (played by Rose McGowan) to take her place.The finale of Charmed ("Forever Charmed") featured no cameo by Shannen Doherty, even though the magical nature of the show would have allowed for it.Doherty revealed during a panel at the 2013 Oz Comic-Con that she was asked to reprise her role for a cameo in the final episode of Charmed, but she turned them down. The reason for this was due to the fact that she didn't like what they wanted to do with her character.Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje is an incredibly talented actor, who gave an amazing performance as the despicable gangster known as Adebisi in Oz. With that being said: it seems like he may have harmed his career due to how he left Lost. Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje played Mr. Eko in the second season of Lost. He was a former gangster who had found God and was shaping up to be one of the most important characters in the story.Adewale asked to be written out of the show, as he didn't like spending so much time in Hawaii away from his family, and wanted to return to London.The fans had expected Mr. Eko to return for the finale of Lost, but he was noticeably absent. The producers of the show asked him to show up in the final episode for a single scene, but he asked for five times the amount of what they were offering.CSI: Crime Scene Investigation ended with fifteen seasons under its belt, to say nothing of the success of the numerous CSI spinoffs. There was still a question over whether the show would be renewed for the sixteenth season, which it ultimately wasn't.George Eads played Nick Stokes in CSI: Crime Scene Investigation for fifteen years, where he appeared in three-hundred and thirty-five episodes. He announced that the fifteenth season was going to be his last, even if the show was renewed.CSI: Crime Scene Investigation would receive a finale in the form of a two-part special, called Immortality. A part was written for Nick Stokes to appear, but George Eads refused the offer to return.This must have come as a shock to the writers, who had already included him as part of the special and were forced to write him out during a late stage of pre-production.Charlie Sheen has done a lot of incredibly stupid things in his life, but insulting Chuck Lorre, the creator of Two and a Half Men when it was one of the most successful sitcoms on the planet has to rank high among them. He had the cush job of a lifetime and he threw it away in a tirade of bile.Chuck Lorre was willing to let bygones be bygones towards the end of the show's run. He asked Charlie Sheen if he wanted to appear during the final scene of Two and a Half Men, where he would go on a tirade about the dangers of drug addiction, before having a piano dropped on him.Charlie Sheen made a counter-offer: he would appear in the finale, but it had to be a heartwarming scene, which was also going to promote his new project. Charlie Sheen wanted the ending of Two and a Half Men to act as a lead-in to his next show - The Harpers. Chuck Lorre turned down Charlie Sheen's offer and he remained absent from the Two and a Half Men finale.The year 2001 saw the end of the Monday Night Wars, with the WWE's two biggest competitors (ECW and WCW) being bought out by Vince McMahon.The final episode of WCW Nitro aired on March 2001 and it was a show that was missing some of WCW's most notable wrestlers.Hulk Hogan was currently in litigation with WCW at that time, as he claimed that one of Vince Russo's promos was so scathing that it constituted a defamation of character lawsuit.Bill Goldberg was still recovering from an injury when WCW was purchased, but he didn't shoot a "thank the fans" promo, like other wrestlers (such as Diamond Dallas Page) had.Kevin Nash's contract still had to be honored by AOL Time Warner, so he just stayed home and collected a paycheck.All of the actors on this list knew that they weren't coming back for the finale by the time it began production. The exception to this is Robert Reed, who was actually on the set for a show that he wasn't going to appear in.Robert Reed played Mike Brady in The Brady Bunch throughout its five seasons. He was notoriously difficult to work with, but the show was such a success that the producers were afraid to fire him. Things came to a head near the end of the fifth season, with plans being formed to write Reed out of the show.Robert Reed was planned to appear in the final episode of The Brady Bunch, but he was so offended by the script that he refused to participate.This didn't stop him from showing up on the set and expressing his dissatisfaction with the other actors and crew members.Coupling was a BBC sitcom that was basically just a British version of Friends. If you have never seen the show then that's all you need to know to catch up on Coupling: it's just Friends with British accents.Richard Coyle played the role of Jeff Murdock in the first three seasons of Coupling. Jeff was a wacky character who liked to lie about himself and was often caught in the act.Richard Coyle refused to return for the fourth season of Coupling. The creator of Coupling (Steven Moffat) has confirmed that Coyle also refused to shoot any kind of goodbye episode/sequence and also wouldn't answer any of his phone calls.Jeff would appear in a dream sequence in the finale, but he would be played by Samantha Spiro, as he had undergone gender reassignment surgery while trying to impress a girl.To many older Doctor Who fans: Tom Baker is considered to be the definitive actor for the role of the Doctor.This was actually a cause of concern for Tom Baker, as he was worried about being typecast due to the popularity of the role. This was one of the factors that contributed to him leaving the show.There was a 30th anniversary special for Doctor Who in 1983 which reunited the living actors who had portrayed the Doctor in the past.Tom Baker was asked to appear in the special, but he backed out, due to a feeling that not enough time had passed since he had left the role. He did agree for footage of his version of the Doctor to be used, which came from an unfinished episode.Tom Baker also didn't show up for the photoshoot that was meant to promote the special. This forced the producers to use his official waxwork model from Madame Tussauds for the pictures.There was a question among the people at Fox over the fate of House. The show had taken a serious dip in viewership over its seventh season and many of the actors were publically expressing interest in moving on from the show. The decision was made to renew House for an eighth season, but it would have a reduced budget.One of the casualties of the smaller budget for the final season of House was Cuddy, who had been one of the most important characters throughout the run of the show. Lisa Edelstein was asked to reprise the role of Cuddy for a reduced pay, which she refused.Lisa Edelstein neglected to return for a cameo in the final season of House, though she expresses no regrets over this, as she felt that Cuddy's role on the show had concluded in a satisfying way.Land of the Lost suffered a similar fate to Star Trek: The Original Series, where it didn't truly start getting ratings until it hit syndication. If the show had been more of a hit from the start, then it may have received more than its initial three seasons.A more successful Land of the Lost might have convinced Spencer Milligan to stay on the show. He played the role of Rick Marshall, who was one of the protagonists of the show.Spencer Milligan left Land of the Lost after its second season, due to pay disputes, which were brought about due to the shows extensive merchandise.Milligan and the other members of the cast weren't being paid for their likeness being used on Land of the Lost merchandise, so he threatened to walk if a deal wasn't made.This resulted in him leaving the show and being replaced for the third season. A planned return of the Rick Marshall character in the finale also never came to pass.The final episode of Twin Peaks left the audience with a lot of unanswered questions, with the most important being about the fate of Agent Cooper.A prequel movie called Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me was made after the show had finished, but it seemed to ask more questions than it answered.The vast majority of the Twin Peaks cast returned for Fire Walk with Me, with some of the actors (notably Kyle MacLachlan) only returning for brief cameos. One of the notable absentees from Fire Walk with Me was Lara Flynn Boyle, who was replaced by Moira Kelly.The reason Lara Flynn Boyle didn't return was due to the fact that she was busy working on Wayne's World at the time.Gilmore Girls was a show that many people never expected to ever return. Gilmore Girls ran for seven seasons on The CW from 2000 to 2007, before it was finally canceled.The show later returned in the form of a four-part miniseries in 2016, called Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life, which was funded by Netflix.One of the actors who didn't return for the Gilmore Girls revival was Wayne Wilcox, who played the role of Marty. The producers had wanted to bring him back, but scheduling problems prevented this from happening.The fact that the miniseries was so short meant that there would only be enough room for him to have a cameo, as there were too many other stories they wanted to tell within the limited amount of time that they had.The role of Sylar in Heroes helped to propel Zachary Quinto to stardom. It's a shame that Heroes imploded in the way that it did, as we may have seen more of Quinto in the show if it had maintained its early popularity.Heroes returned in the form of Heroes Reborn, which many fans noted was missing several of the major cast members of the original series. One of these was Zachary Quinto, who was approached to star in the revival, but he turned the role down.Zachary Quinto has been refreshingly honest about his lack of interest in reprising the role of Sylar. He has said publically that he was asked to come back for Heroes Reborn but he refused because he just didn't feel like going back to the show.The unique way in which the Doctor can regenerate from a mortal wound means that Doctor Who doesn't have to end.The Doctor can keep coming back in new bodies, which means that an endless chain of actors can play the role. The writers have even bypassed the limitations on the number of times that the Doctor can regenerate.The vast majority of the Doctor's actors have stayed around for the death scene of their iteration of the character so that the audience can catch a glimpse of the new version. One of the actors who refused to do this was Colin Baker, who played the Sixth Doctor.Colin Baker's tenure as the Doctor was troubled, due to issues stemming from higher-ups at the BBC who wanted to get rid of the show.It was due to this poor treatment that Colin Baker refused to return for one final story, in which his iteration of the Doctor would die and regenerate. This meant that his successor (Sylvester McCoy) had to film the Sixth Doctor's regeneration scene while wearing a wig.---Can you think of any other actors who refused to return? Sound off in the comment section!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Getting into character required up to seven hours in the makeup chair every day, an aspect of the job Eccleston had not been informed of.Before stepping into the role of Malekith, Christopher Eccleston made a mark by playing the lead in the revival of Doctor Who. Eccleston left the production after one season, a choice that resulted in contentious relations with the BBC.His experience working on Thor: The DarkWorldEccleston summed up his experience working on the film with seven evocative words: “Thor? Just a gun in your mouth.”Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Landing a part in the latest major superhero movie release represents the pinnacle of many an acting career. Michael Keaton, Hugh Jackman, Chris Evans and, to some extent, Robert Downey Jr might not be the household names they are today were it not for their comic book exploits.However, while headlining the latest cinematic effort involving a caped crusader of some kind represents a dream come true for many, it’s proven to be something of a nightmare for a rare few. Bad scripts, difficult directors and a toxic work environment are just some of the many myriad reasons cited by the actors and actresses in this list – yet that’s really only the tip of the iceberg. Studio politics, stalled contract negotiations or issues around costume, make-up and iffy computer effects have also played a role in making these superhero movies not-so-super for the stars involved.More often than not, the resulting movie has been forgettable at best and downright terrible at worst – but there are exceptions to the rule. Sometimes, an actor ended up enduring a miserable time on an otherwise enjoyable project. Other times, far sinister things were going on, unbeknownst to many involved in the finished movie.Plenty of flops feature on this countdown but some major moneymakers can be found too, with comic book movie properties tied to Marvel, 2000AD, DC and Titan Comics all present and not very correct. Yes, landing a part in the latest superhero movie blockbuster has represented the pinnacle of many an acting career down the years but for this lot, it represented the pits.Here are 30 Actors Who Regretted Superhero Roles.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewHugo Weaving originally signed a multi-picture deal to play the Red Skull across various future Captain America movies. However, when the character returned in Avengers: Infinity War the character had been recast with The Walking Dead’s Ross Marquand taking Weaving's place. It wasn’t a huge shock.A few years prior, The Matrix actor told Collider playing the Red Skull was "not something I would want to do again.""It’s not the sort of film I seek out and really am excited by," he said. "I increasingly like to go back to what I used to always do, which is to get involved with projects that I really have a personal affiliation with."Ryan Reynolds has made no secret of the fact things didn’t exactly go to plan with 2011’s Green Lantern. He even went as far as to include a gag, poking fun at the project, in Deadpool 2. Though it’s something he is able to laugh about now, it’s clear the actor regrets signing on that particular dotted line."When we shot Green Lantern, nobody auditioning for the role of Green Lantern was given the opportunity to read the script because the script didn't exist,” Reynolds told The Hollywood Reporter. The experience did at least teach him some valuable lessons about making superhero movies which was good news for Deadpool fans.Jessica Alba’s experience playing Sue Storm in Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer was so bad it left her considering a career change. "I wanted to stop acting. I hated it. I really hated it," Alba told Elle [via SyFy]."I remember when I was dying in 'Silver Surfer'. The director [Tim Story] was like, 'It looks too real. It looks too painful. Can you be prettier when you cry? Cry pretty, Jessica.' He was like, 'Don't do that thing with your face. Just make it flat. We can CGI the tears in.'" She continued: "It all got me thinking: Am I not good enough?"Ben Affleck doesn’t just regret starring in the 2003 movie adaptation of Daredevil, he hates it. Affleck let his feelings be known to TimeTalks [via NME] during a discussion about why he signed on for Batman vs Superman: Dawn of Justice. Affleck said: "Part of it was I wanted for once to get one of these movies and do it right – to do a good version. I hate Daredevil so much.""The Netflix show does really cool stuff," he added."I feel like that was there for us to do with that character, and we never kind of got it right. I wanted to do one of those movies and sort of get it right," Affleck stated.Terrence Howard has always blamed Robert Downey Jr for the fact he never got to reprise the role of James Rhodes in the Iron Man sequels. "It turns out that the person that I helped become Iron Man, when it was time to re-up for the second one, took the money that was supposed to go to me and pushed me out," Howard told Watch What Happens Live [via Vulture].Howard claims the studio offered to pay him "one-eighth of what we contractually had" and when he tried to call Downey Jr to talk about it "he didn’t call me back for three months."Idris Elba’s experience working on Thor: The Dark World was so bad the actor described parts of it as "torture" to The Telegraph. In the interview, Elba recalled how he was forced to complete reshoots in London for the Thor sequel just days after return from filming the prestige biopic Mandela, in South Africa."In between takes I was stuck there [hanging from a harness], fake hair stuck on to my head with glue, this fucking helmet, while they reset, he said. "And I’m thinking: ‘24 hours ago, I was Mandela.’ … Then there I was, in this stupid harness, with this wig and this sword and these contact lenses. It ripped my heart out."Ryan Reynolds’ appearance as Deadpool in Wolverine: X-Men Origins was plagued with problems, starting with the character’s appearance. "He wound up being this abomination of Deadpool that was like Barakapool, with his mouth sewn shut and weird blades that came out of his hands and these strange tattoos and stuff like that," he told GQ.Though Reynolds objected, the studio pressed on."The conversation at the time was 'If you want to play Deadpool, this is your chance to introduce him. And if you don’t want to introduce him in this fashion, we’ll have someone else play him.'"When the film leaked online and fans reacted angrily, Reynolds response was simple: "told you so".Ed Norton clashed with producers behind the scenes on The Incredible Hulk, having only agreed to play Bruce Banner on the proviso he could have a say on the script and direction of the film. Replaced by Mark Ruffalo in the MCU, Norton couldn’t resist having a dig at the film during an appearance on Comedy Central’s Roast of Bruce Willis."I tried to be like you," he told Willis [via Indiewire]. "I did a big action movie called The Incredible Hulk. You know what went wrong? I wanted a better script…I thought we should make one Marvel movie as good as the worst Christopher Nolan movie, but what the hell was I thinking."Joel Schumacher’s Batman & Robin may have fallen flat with critics and fans alike but it proved to be a serious career wake-up call for its star, George Clooney. "Up until that moment, I was an actor only concerned with finding work," he told The Hollywood Reporter. "After the failure of that film creatively, I understood that I needed to take control of the films I made, not just the role."Clooney successfully banished memories of his time as Batman with next three films: Out of Sight, Three Kings and O Brother, Where Art Thou?Tommy Lee Jones hated working on Batman Forever or, rather, he hated working with co-star Jim Carrey. "I was the star and that was the problem," Carrey explained on Norm MacDonald Live [via THR].The situation came to a head when Carrey ended up in the same restaurant as Jones during filming."I went over and I said, 'Hey Tommy, how are you doing?' and the blood just drained from his face," Carrey said. "He went to hug me and he said, 'I hate you. I really don't like you.' And I said, 'What's the problem?' and pulled up a chair, which probably wasn't smart. And he said, 'I cannot sanction your buffoonery.'"Topher Grace never felt entirely comfortable in the role of Eddie Brock/Venom having bagged the role in Sam Raimi’s Spider-Man 3. "I was a huge fan of the character of Venom when I was a kid when Todd McFarlane brought him into the comic," he told Michael Rosenbaum on the Inside of You podcast [via Cinemablend]. "And I was surprised and a little bit like 'Huh?' when they wanted me to play it."Not only does Grace accept he was miscast, but he also agrees Tom Hardy is perfect for the role. "When I look at it now… [at Tom Hardy’s Venom movie] I go 'That's the guy.'"Micky Rourke trashed the bigwigs over at Marvel Studios for what they did to his character Ivan Vanko, in Iron Man 2. Rourke told Syfy that he had worked hard with writer Justin Theroux and director Jon Favreau to flesh out his Russian villain and turn him into a three-dimensional character. Someone behind-the-scenes had other ideas though."I wanted to bring some other layers and colors, not just make this Russian a complete murderous revenging bad guy,” he said. “Unfortunately, the [people] at Marvel just wanted a one-dimensional bad guy, so most of the performance ended up the floor.”Alicia Silverstone was on the receiving end of some serious body shaming while working on Batman & Robin. According to The Hollywood Reporter, Silverstone, who was a huge star following the success of Clueless, was under intense scrutiny over her weight with one critic reportedly observing she “looked more Babe than babe.”When rumor got out on set that she was having issues with her costume fittings, a storyboard artist ever put together a joke cartoon of Batgirl, mocking Silverstone’s issues. The fake poster for Clueless 2: The Casting of Batgirl might have gone down well with the guys in the film’s art department but studio bosses were far from impressed.Nicolas Cage has previously spoken of his disappointment at his two Ghost Rider movies, which he felt played it too safe. Speaking to JoBlo [via Bloody Disgusting], Cage explained that he and writer David S. Goyer had always envisioned the films as being gritty and, most importantly, R-rated."Ghost Rider was a movie that always should’ve been an R-rated movie," Cage said. "David Goyer had a brilliant script which I wanted to do with David, and for whatever reason, they just didn’t let us make the movie." Though he believes there is the potential for someone else to take on the role and go down that dark path, Cage is done with the character.Jim Carrey stunned social media ahead of the release of Kick-Ass 2 by denouncing the film and its "level of violence" in the wake of the Sandy Hook massacre. Carrey, who is an outspoken advocate for increased gun control, took to Twitter following the incident to explain that he could no longer support the film."I did Kick-Ass 2 a month b4 Sandy Hook and now in all good conscience I cannot support that level of violence,” he wrote [via The Guardian]. "My apologies to others involve[d] with the film. I am not ashamed of it but recent events have caused a change in my heart."He may have been among the first African American actors to portray a major comic book superhero but Michael Jai White has little love for his sole outing as Spawn. In fact, White is a much bigger fan of his small but powerful role as the gangster Gambol in Christopher Nolan’s The Dark Knight.He even went as far as to conduct an interview with The Hollywood Reporter revisiting his performance alongside Heath Ledger.During the interview, White couldn’t resist having a dig at Spawn: "There is no footage of me ever saying that I liked Spawn. I have never said that I thought that was a good movie." Ouch.Jared Leto was left far from happy with the version of Suicide Squad that made it to the cinemas. Asked by IGN whether any scenes involving the Joker were cut from the film, Leto let rip."There were so many scenes that got cut from the movie, I couldn’t even start. I think that the Joker… we did a lot of experimentation on the set, we explored a lot. There’s so much that we shot that’s not in the film," he said. "If I die anytime soon, it’s probably likely that it’ll surface somewhere. That’s the good news about the death of an actor is all that stuff seems to come out."Halle Berry’s regret at signing up for Catwoman was clear to see when she decided to make an appearance at the annual Razzie Awards back in 2005. A celebration of the year’s worst films and performances, Berry 'won' the Worst Actress gong for her efforts in Catwoman and, in a surprising turn of events, was on hand to deliver a memorable acceptance speech."I want to thank Warner Bros. for casting me in this piece-of-sh**, god-awful movie," she said [via MTV], going on to mock the rest of her cast. "I'd like to thank the rest of the cast. To give a really bad performance like mine, you need to have really bad actors."Back when Alan Cumming was still in the frame to reprise his role as Nightcrawler in X-Men: The Last Stand, the Scottish actor shocked journalists with his response to the news Bryan Singer would not be returning for the third installment."I'm not disappointed, I can't deny it," Cumming said [via Movieweb]. "I think he's really talented. I'm very proud of the film. I think it's a great film. I didn't enjoy working with him on the film."Evidently, Singer and Cumming didn’t see eye to eye on X-Men 2 though the source of their fractious relationship has never been divulged.Ellen Page took to Facebook in 2017 to accuse director Brett Ratner of harassment during their time together on 2006’s X-Men: The Last Stand. According to Page, Ratner mocked her sexuality during promotional work for the film. Page was only 18 at the time."'You should f*** her to make her realize she’s gay.' He said this about me during a cast and crew 'meet and greet' before we began filming, X Men: The Last Stand," Page wrote. "He looked at a woman standing next to me, ten years my senior, pointed to me and said: 'You should f*** her to make her realize she’s gay.'”Back in 2016, during the Toronto Film Festival’s pre-opening-night fundraising event, honoree Michael Fassbender surprised those in attendance by laying into his performance as Magneto in X-Men: Days of Future Past. According to Vulture, during a segment in which clips from several of Fassbender’s films were shown, Fassbender started "cringing and rubbing his face with embarrassment"."I don’t actually like that performance there, to be honest," Fassbender said after the highlights reel finished. "I just think it’s me shouting. It’s just like [making a face and flailing his arms around] some dude shouting."Rumoured unrest on the set of Josh Trank’s Fantastic Four movie, coupled with the movie’s bad reviews left a bad taste in the mouth of its star, Jamie Bell. "There were several things on that movie I was clearly not privy to because I’m just an actor and I just do my stuff on set," Bell told the Los Angeles Times."Everything starts with the best of intentions. A production begins with the idea to make something that’s unique and original and with integrity," he said. "I don’t know what happened between the launch of the voyage and the arrival. I think we were all bitterly disappointed with that film," stated Bell.Production delays, directorial changes, script rewrites, reshoots, and some pretty heavy-handed editing helped make Jonah Hex one of the most disappointing comic book movies of all time. It’s something the film’s star, Josh Brolin, is only too aware of. In fact, he revealed in an interview with the Nerdist that he hates it just as much as everyone else."Oh, ‘Jonah Hex,’ hated it. Hated it," he said [via Collider]. "The experience of making it — that would have been a better movie based on what we did. As opposed to what ended up happening to it, which is going back and reshooting 66 pages in 12 days."While Ben Affleck bounced back from his Daredevil movie, Jennifer Garner never quite got going again after her spin-off effort, Elektra, bombed. Though Garner has never spoken openly about the film, her ex-boyfriend and close friend Michael Vartan revealed to Us Weekly [via SFGate] that the Alias actress was very unhappy with how the film turned out."I heard [Elektra] was awful. [Jennifer] called me and told me it was awful," Vartan said. “She had to do it because of Daredevil. It was in her contract." Garner has never denied Vartan’s claims.The Crow: Wicked Prayer is an absolute stinker of a comic book movie and currently boasts a 0% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.It’s star, Edward Furlong, struggled to show much in the way of enthusiasm for the role during an interview with Movieweb.Asked about how he prepared for the film’s starring role, Furlong said: "It's sort of like a really slow process that Lance Mungia, the director, and I went through. Initially, I was just attracted to the script because it was The Crow and I got to put on some leather pants and kick people's ass." Given how it turned out, he must be regretting signing up for such flimsy reasons.Chloe Moretz made her name as Hit Girl in Mark Millar’s original Kick-Ass but, despite the first film holding a special place in her heart, she’s always been less enthusiastic about the sequel.During an appearance on a panel at the Provincetown Film Festival in 2018, Moretz made those feelings crystal clear. "I love the franchise, I think the first movie was really, really special. I wish the second one had been handled in a little bit of a different way," she said [via Cinemablend]. "Because I think we were all kind of looking forward to something a little different than what happened with it all."Kate Mara played Sue Storm in Josh Trank’s Fantastic Four movie and, in an interview with The Times[via Yahoo] revealed the negative aura surrounding the film made her "a little gun-shy" about seeing the finished film."You don’t always have to learn some incredible life lesson when making a s*** movie. Sometimes it’s just what happens," she said. "[Fantastic Four] was a tricky shoot but you know when you know when you’re shooting it that a film isn’t going to be what you want it to be? That was not the case at all."Son of the Mask saw Jamie Kennedy replace Jim Carrey as the franchise’s star, with almost unwatchable results.Though the movie is widely regarded as one of the worst ever made, Kennedy’s biggest regret may boil down to the make-up he had to wear on the film."I wore it 6 days in a row, and after that it gets rough," he told Movieweb. "I had ears in this one, and Jim Carrey didn't in the first one, so they would like press against my real ears and cut the circulation, so I would have to like rub my ears a bit after having on the makeup to get the blood flowing again."Despite starring in such turkeys as Over The Top, Stop Or My Mom Will Shoot and Oscar, Sylvester Stallone’s biggest regret was reserved for another movie. "The biggest mistake I ever made was with the sloppy handling of Judge Dredd" he once declared [via Den of Geek]. "The philosophy of the film was not set in stone – by that I mean, ‘Is this going to be a serious drama or with comic overtones’, like other science fiction films that were successful? So a lotta pieces just didn’t fit smoothly.""The design work on it was fantastic, and the sets were incredibly real, even standing two feet away, but there was just no communication," he stated.Lori Petty had a very particular gripe with the way things turned out for her Tank Girl movie: it was given an R rating. "There is nothing about that movie that is R. Nothing. Except there’s a woman talking s***. That’s why they rated it R. If they were going to rate it R I should have been butt-naked all the time, running around," she told AV Club."Tommy Boy came out that weekend, too, which is a hysterical movie, but it was rated PG-13. Do you know how many people bought Tommy Boy tickets and went to see Tank Girl? A billion."---Are there any other superhero actors who regretted their roles? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
It's not exactly a groundbreaking statement to say that Hollywood has an ageism problem. While now we seem to start making progress in terms of the representation of women on the big screen, more often than not, we're still seeing older actresses shut out and bizarre pairings being made. Who else can remember the surprising pairing of Daniel Craig and Lea Seydoux in Spectre, despite the 18 year age gap? What about Up In the Air, where Ana Kendrick and George Clooney have a 25 year age gap?Hollywood's age gap was famously skewered in a sketch by Amy Schumer, Tina Fey, Patricia Arquette, and Julia Louis Dreyfus. While the video did go viral, it's clear that the awareness that it's bringing is only a tiny step in creating true gender equality in Hollywood. There are still some great examples of reasonable casting for actresses, with Meryl Streep, Helen Mirren, Tilda Swinton, and Viola Davis still dominating the screen.With this problem comes several surprising stories of great actresses who were dropped from famous roles because they were "too old." What's most saddening is that, looking through these stories, you get a sense of what could have been, if only these actresses were given a chance.Here 15 Actors Who Were Rejected For Roles Because They Were “Too Old”.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewAn incredibly accomplished actress who's probably best known for her turn as Katie Holmes in the Dark Knight movies, Maggie Gyllenhaal has made a name for herself in the acting field. On top of starring in many popular movies and turning in her fair share of critically acclaimed performances, she was nominated for an Academy Award for Crazy Heart.If Hollywood was smart, they'd be breaking down Gylleenhaal's door to get her a new role. That's why it is especially surprising to hear her say, “I’m 37 and I was told recently I was too old to play the lover of a man who was 55".Gyllenhaal also said, "[i]t made me feel bad, and then it made feel angry, and then it made me laugh". Honestly, that seems to be a pretty rational response to this whole situation. It seems, looking at our previous statistics, that being about 20 years younger is just about "right" for Hollywood executives. Ironically, the Dark Knight trilogy, one that she was most famous for, cast her opposite a similarly aged Christian Bale. If those movies were helmed by anyone else, this actress may not have been given the chance to play an iconic role.Elizabeth Banks was an actress you've probably seen show up as a minor role in several movies. She's worked with the likes of Steven Spielberg, Sam Raimi, Judd Apatow, and Oliver Stone. With a resume like that, you'd assume that she'd have her pick of the litter when it comes to interesting roles. This is why it's especially surprising that she was rejected for the role of Mary Jane Watson for being too old. So, how much older than her costar was she? 20 years? 10? 5?The actress was 16 whole months older than possible co-star Tobey Maguire."Tobey and I are basically the same age and I was told I was too old to play her," the actress said. So, who did the role go to instead? Kirsten Dunst ended up landing the part. What's the age gap between her and Tobey Maguire, you say? Brace yourselves: she was 10 years younger than him. That's right, 28 year old Tobey Maguire was paired up with 18 year old Kirsten Dunst.Elizabeth Banks still wound up playing a role in the film as Betty Brant. Believe it or not, she has far less screentime than many of her costars.Reese Witherspoon has recently been making a name for herself with a string of undeniable hits and a fair amount of critical acclaim. She starred in the Oscar nominated film Wild, in which she got her own Academy Award nomination. Now, she's making waves in TV land with the award-winning HBO show Big Little Lies. Even before this, she had a significant amount of popularity, starring in the hit comedy Legally Blonde.Witherspoon has been creating roles for herself and other actresses as the producer of Legally Blonde 2, Penelope, Gone Girl, Wild, Hot Pursuit, Big Little Lies, and the upcoming Amazon series Are You Sleeping.However, when it comes to playing real life people, she's met her fair share of resistance. One notable example is Stevie Nicks of Fleetwood Mac. When approached with the idea that the actress could play her in a biopic, the singer told Rolling Stone, "I've already told [Reese] she's almost too old."What exactly is the age gap? Believe it or not, Reese Witherspoon is 27 years younger than Nicks. So why is a woman participating in the same sexist ideas that Hollywood men seem to perpetuate? Maybe she's worried about being seen as "aging" and getting shut out of the entertainment industry like so many other women before her.Almost as much as she is known for her incredible performances, Emma Thompson has gained a reputation for being an acid tongued critic of sexism and inequality in the industry. Hollywood ageism hasn't escaped from her sights. In an interview with Vulture, the actress stated, "I remember somebody saying to me that I was too old for Hugh Grant, who’s like a year younger than me, in Sense and Sensibility." The Ang Lee film was eventually released, with the actress getting rave reviews for her performance as Elinor Dashwood, and winning an Oscar for the screenplay she wrote.Thankfully, Ang Lee stuck by Thompson's side despite the criticsm. The director is known for being critical of social inequality, most notably in regards to gender in Eat, Drink, Man, Woman. It only makes sense that he'd be paired up with an actor as passionate, if not more so, about these causes as him.In the face of Hollywood sexism, it's clear that Thompson is made of pretty strong stuff. The famously blunt actress told her response to this criticism of her pairing with Hugh Grant: ‘Do you want to go take a flying leap?’ A brutal response for a brutal situation.If Olivia Wilde isn't exactly a household name, she's about as close to one as it gets. The successful actress has starred in movies that have had financial and critical success in equal measure such as Her, Tron: Legacy, and Rush. She's also lit up on the small screen on The O.C. and House. Most recently, she had a brush with a casting rejection in the Leonardo DiCaprio starring The Wolf of Wall Street. According to the then 32-year-old actress, she was rejected in favor of the 25-year-old Margot Robbie because she was "too sophisticated." Sounds pretty nice, right? Think again.“The funniest thing I heard recently was I had heard for a part that I was too sophisticated", the actress told Howard Stern. "I was like, ‘Oh, that sounds nice.’ I like that feedback. I didn’t get the part, but I’m a very sophisticated person. And then I found out later that they actually said ‘old.'”DiCaprio is decade older than Wilde and a whopping 16 years older than on-screen wife Robbie.Thankfully, the actress able to land another Martin Scorsese project with the short lived HBO show Vinyl, where she plays the wife of Bobby Cannavale - who's 14 years older than her.After her breakout role in Les Miserables, it was clear that Anne Hathaway was not going to just be known for The Princess Diaries. The acclaimed actress has landed roles in movies ranging from Brokeback Mountain to The Dark Knight Rises. Recently, she seems to be starring in more indie fare, evidenced by her recent role in the sci fi comedy Colossal.At 32, Hathaway said she is already starting to feel the effects of casting revolving around her age."When I was in my early twenties, parts would be written for women in their fifties and I would get them. And now I'm in my early thirties and I'm like, 'Why did that 24 year old get that part?'" the actress said in an interview. While she never specified which roles she was rejected for, it's clear that these rejections turned into a pattern. One can only look at Hollywood's propensity for casting actress in their twenties to play characters decades older than them to see why the popular actress would be struggling.Hathaway will appear next in Ocean's 8, a female-led heist film co-starring Hollywood icons Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett, and Helena Bonham Carter, as well as newer stars Sarah Paulson, Mindy Kaling, Awkwafina, and Rihanna.One of the most popular actresses of the ;90s and early 2000s, Catherine Zeta-Jones has starred in a variety of famous movies, including the Zorro series, High Fidelity, and Traffic. However, when she started, the actress was actually highly involved in Broadway, working to great acclaim in 42nd Street.However, a little known story revolves around her audition for the Andrew Lloyd Webber and Trevor Nunn production of Aspects of Love. According to the actress, she was rejected because she was simply to old for the part. How old exactly was she? The practically geriatric age of 19.Zeta-Jones recalls the encounter, saying, "Trevor is always charming and told me I was just a little bit too old and a little bit too pretty. I wasn’t even 20 and I remember telling him I could be as not pretty or as not old as he wanted, but it didn’t do any good." It's hard to imagine how much younger of an actress they could have gotten for the role.However, it seems like this event didn't sour their relationship, as Nunn recently casted Zeta-Jones as the lead in his production of A Little Night Music. Most recently, Zeta-Jones played a substance-running "grandmother" in a Lifetime movie.Former model and current actress Rene Russo has enjoyed a moderately successful career in the past, landing roles in Ransom and Get Shorty. However, she looked like she was about to get her big break. Joel Schumacher's 1995 film Batman Forever was set to cast the 40-year old-actress to play the love interest of Val Kilmer. At his point in her career, Batman Forever would have been the biggest movie she could have starred in.However, at the last minute, she was dropped from the film so that the studio could reportedly go with "someone younger — a Sandra Bullock type — to work her wiles on Kilmer." Yes, this was an actual article that was written in 1994. However, the writer did prove to be right. They instead decided to cast the, then far younger, Nicole Kidman.Rene Russo continued to have a strong career after being dropped, starring in such hits like Nightcrawler, Thor, Thor: The Dark World, and The Intern. In retrospect, it was probably for the best for her to not have starred in Batman Forever. That movie ended up turning into a critical dumping ground, becoming the worst reviewed Batman movie yet - until its sequel Batman & Robin came out.Probably one of the most successful actresses on this list, just because of the amount of great work she's produced, Jane Fonda is still no stranger to ageism. Even after starring in films like Klute, One the Golden Pond, and Youth, plus winning two Academy Awards, the actress has stated that she started feeling the pressure from studios as she got older.As a result, Fonda recalls feeling forced to get plastic surgery in order to get work. "With women, it's all about how we look," the actress told The Daily Telegraph. "Men are very visual, they want young women. So, for us, it's all about trying to stay young."It seems that, for Fonda, it was the need to get work, as opposed to a personal decision, that made her get plastic surgery. Still, when asked if surgery was necessary for aging actresses, she responded, "No, I wouldn't say it's essential. It just depends on how brave you are." If this list proves anything, it's that a fair amount of bravery is required when standing up to this industry.Fonda has been shining as one of the leads for Netflix's sitcom Grace and Frankie for five seasons and recently starred in the rom-com Book Club alongside such other screen legends as Diane Keaton, Mary Steenburgen, and Candice Bergen.Another one of the great, classic character actresses, Glenn Close has enjoyed a successful career after her breakout role as a psychopath in Fatal Attraction. Afterward, she starred in movies like Guardians of the Galaxy, Hook, and Air Force One. In a recent interview, the actress spoke out about the sexism she has faced in the industry.This one is particularly notable because it revolves around her most popular role in, arguably, one of her most popular movies: Fatal Attraction.During the casting process for Fatal Attraction, it was decided that the then 40 year old actress could not pair up with Michael Douglas in the thriller. “We were doing a big favor for Glenn’s agent by letting her read,” said Douglas. Thankfully, Glen Close got the chance to show off her acting chops and the rest was history. What's interesting about this, however, was Michael Douglas' reaction. Because, if what he said was anything to go by, he wasn't so much reacting to Close's acting ability as he was her looks. "[T]he moment I saw her, I was like, Woah!” said the actor.Does this mean that they initially dismissed Glen Close just because of the age on her resume, without even bothering to look at her? Thankfully, the actress was able to land the role and, as a result, turn in a string of great performances afterwards.Jamie Denbo has mostly been an under the radar character actress, appearing in small roles in Ghostbusters, Spy, and The Heat. Most recently, she's had her big break playing Shelly Ginsberg on Netflix's Orange is the New Black.At 43, she's most certainly experienced her fare share of sexist ageism. The actress took to Twitter to bring up the fact that she was, once again, turned down for a role for being too old. The age gap? At age 43, she was deemed too old to play the spouse of a man who's 57. Want to go even ickier? Apparently she was considered too old to play the mother of an 18 year old.Jamie took her anger in a more personal direction. “The real wife of the 57 year-old actor is EASILY AT LEAST 50. But this f— wants to be tv married to a 38 year-old -TOPS." Unnecessarily personal? Maybe. Justified? Absolutely.When pressed for which specific actor demanded this, she remained tight-lipped. "Would love to," she tweeted. "But I don’t want to ruin this guy for you. He is an “American treasure." Hopefully he's not somebody who's loved by the public.After a varied and acclaimed career of starring in Alyson Hannigan's Instagram pictures, Keeva Denisof is no stranger to ageism in the Hollywood industry. In fact, in a grueling story described by her mother through tears, it was revealed that the dastardly creators of How I Met Your Mother cruelly snatched away the role of a lifetime as Lily and Marshall's baby for being too old.This is clearly another example of baby ageism in Hollywood. Anyone remember American Sniper? The only baby that they could find that fit their standards was a plastic one!Okay, so the real story isn't really that brutal. Alyson Hannigan, in an interview with The Huffington Post, fondly recalled a funny story during the making of How I Met Your Mother. The plan would be that Lily and Marshall's baby on the show would Hannigan's actual baby. Unfortunately, the baby simply looked too old."I was like, 'You fired my child. First of all that’s ageism. I don’t think you’re allowed to fire her because she’s too old,'" the actress joked.Keeva is the off-spring of TV royalty - from her mother, who starred on Buffy the Vampire Slayer for 7 seasons and How I Met Your Mother for 9, to her father, Alexis Denisof, who played Wesley Wyndham-Price on both Buffy and Angel.After starring in hits like Body Double and Something Wild, Melanie Griffith should have had a career delivered to her on a silver platter. Even forgetting about her accolades, she was the daughter of Tippi Hedren, one of Alfred Hitchcock's favorite actresses to collaborate with. She also won a Golden Globe for her performance in Woeking Girl. How much more "Hollywood royalty" can an actress get?However, in a recent interview with Vogue UK, Griffith's daughter, actress Dakota Johnson (of Fifty Shades, How to Be Single, and A Bigger Splash fame) blasted Hollywood with its lack of roles for older women. “Why isn’t my mother in movies? She’s an extraordinary actress! Why isn’t my grandmother in movies? This industry is f—ing brutal,” the Fifty Shades of Grey star exclaimed.Looking at Melanie Griffith's recent roles, it's easy to see why Dakota Johnson would be frustrated. Despite having a series of great films to her resume, her recent output has mostly been in cheap direct to video movies that nobody's ever heard of. It's sad to see an actress as talented as her stuck with these tiny roles when she should be with her similarly aged male costars on the big screen.Comedian and actress Kathy Griffin is nowhere near quiet when it comes to her stance against Hollywood ageism. Despite having a successful comedy career, that involved her being on shows like Saturday Night Live, Seinfeld, and Curb Your Enthusiasm, Griffin has said that she routinely faces rejects because of her age. Despite this, she is enthusiastic about fighting discrimination every step of the way.“I would say that sexism and ageism is probably my two biggest obstacles,” the actress said in an interview with People magazine. Luckily, Griffin has been known to skewer such things in her razor-sharp stand-up comedy specialsGriffin has decidedly not gone into too much detail revolving around her rejections, but she does say that she's heard studio executives say, ‘[t]hey like you, they’ve just decided to go younger.'" With her sitcom chops from Suddenly Susan, Griffin should have had a high-profile TV gig in an instant if it weren't for Hollywood ageism.As of now, Kathy Griffin is sticking to small roles on TV shows like American Dad and The President Show since the end of her reality show My Life on the D-List. While her acting career has slowed down, her fight for equality in Hollywood is showing no sign of stopping.Huong Hoang wasn't a very well known actress, but she was definitely an aspiring one, someone who was clearly willing to do everything she can to get into Hollywood.After starring only in a few unknown movies such as Fifth Ward, A Gang Land Love Story, and Ungirlfriendable, Hoang realized that she was reaching a certain age barrier that would only make getting work in film even more difficult. So, she resorted to strong measures, by altering her age on her IMDb profile. IMDb responded by changing the age to the correct number, and se responded back by suing them.Now, ultimately the lawsuit was lost by Hoang, and it's pretty easy to see why. Ageism in the industry would make it difficult for any actress to take a role, much less an actress who isn't in her twenties. On the other hand, a company can't exactly have false information about someone in the film industry on their website if the purpose of said website was to provide information on the film industry. But it is important to remember what place Hoang came from. The film industry is a cutthroat business. She was simply doing everything she can to survive.---Do you have a favorite actress who doesn't get the role she deserves due to her age? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
In the world of all things celebrity, it’s not hard to see why so many actors choose to call it quits or take on less challenging roles. Acting is great and all that, but is it really worth all the hassle, especially once an actor has made enough money to buy a yacht and that 105 inch TV that they've been dreaming about for so long?Although this means trading in a serious acting career for a more ordinary life, some actors feel that this decision benefits them in the long run. What’s more, (believe it or not) acting in blockbuster movies can get monotonous after a while, just like any other job. Therefore who can blame an actor for wanting to ditch the cameras in favour of a life like everybody else’s (well, kind of at least)?Unfortunately for other actors, this wasn’t much of a choice. Some celeb relationships tend to be so big that they redefine the actor's image in the eyes of the public, making it difficult to get certain roles.This list does not solely blame these actors' relationships for placing a sell-by date on their careers, but it does acknowledge the influence that they may have had. Plus, having a family or a partner usually takes priority.With that said, here are the 15 Actors Whose Relationships Destroyed Their Fame.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewWhat can we say? Angelina Jolie was getting acting awards and everything before she met the likes of Brad Pitt. During her marriage to Brad Pitt, Jolie started testing her luck at directing. Since Mr and Mrs Smith, her acting credits have been scarce, though she did hit the movie jackpot with her roles in Maleficent and Changeling.However, before that, she was pretty much in everything, including the classic thriller The Bone Collector and Girl Interrupted. While most fans hold her directing dreams accountable, we have to wonder how her movie career would have panned out had she not met Pitt.Plus, it seems like the two have zero luck making movies together-- Mr and Mrs Smith and By The Sea sadly weren’t that good.Katie Holmes found fame as America’s girl next door in the hit teen TV show Dawson’s Creek. In 2005, approximately two years after the series finale, Holmes dated Tom Cruise and became engaged to him within the same year.Prior to meeting Cruise, Holmes had had a shaky acting career-- her role as Joey Potter in Dawson’s Creek meant she was type cast or not cast at all. However, once the show ended, she was offered a major role as Rachel Dawes in Christopher Nolan’s movie Batman Begins, but despite its success, she decided not to partake in the sequel and the role was given to Maggie Gyllenhaal.Some fans have speculated that Tom Cruise and the birth of their daughter, Suri, played a huge part in this, as there was a lot of pressure involved in playing the leading lady in a Nolan trilogy. Nevertheless, she still pursues acting, but now on her own terms.Charlie Sheen has had his fair share of tumultuous marriages, but the one that eventually led to the end of his huge TV career was his marriage to Brooke Mueller.Having already been in and out of rehab quite frequently during his time on the popular show Two and a Half Men, in 2010 Sheen pled guilty to a misdemeanour assault charge involving Mueller.Although he was technically fired for bad-mouthing the show’s creator, his tarnished reputation almost certainly influenced the decision. After this, he was never able to fully bounce back and regain the same stardom that he had had on Two and a Half Men.Since then, he has starred in a TV show (Anger Management) and taken on some smaller acting roles.Meghan Markle hasn’t had much of a movie career but her catalogue of TV roles is extensive to say the least. Her fame arose after playing the part of Rachel Zane in the well-received show Suits. Now that Suits is over and given her recent engagement to Prince Harry, Markle is throwing in the towel on her acting profession for good.Meghan’s departure from acting has drawn comparisons between her and Grace Kelly, who famously left acting after marrying the Prince of Monaco.As part of the Royal Family, she will have other obligations to attend to and thus she will have to focus her time and energy on those. In an interview with Hello! magazine, Prince Harry said that they’ve had many talks regarding Meghan’s new role as a Royal Family member and what it entails.Jude Law still has a huge movie career, but there was a time when he was Hollywood’s favourite golden boy.While it’s possible that he opted to step away from leading roles, it most likely had something to do with his affair whilst married to actress Sienna Miller-- Law famously cheated on his wife with the nanny and for this reason, his leading man image was somewhat tainted.It would be unfair to say that he doesn’t still get the odd protagonist role here and there. For example, Law recently starred in the critically acclaimed HBO show The Young Pope, and will also play a young Dumbledore in Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald. What’s more, he will be retuning as Watson in Sherlock Holmes 3. However, it's obvious that he had a much better public image before the affair.Lohan was once America’s number one sweetheart. At the age of 12, she starred in one of the biggest children’s movies at the time, Parent Trap. Of course, her fame also came from starring in the critically acclaimed teen movie, Mean Girls.Her breakthrough role as Cady Heron in Mean Girls meant that she became the number one teen-movie star in the world, so it was a bit of a surprise to us all when she didn’t make anything half as prominent afterwards.Being so famous at such a young age took its toll on Lindsay Lohan, however, and she eventually became renowned for her run-ins with the law and extreme party habits, both of which had a negative effect on her career.In 2012, Lindsay acknowledged that her relationship with Samantha Ronson had an extremely damaging impact on her well-being, as they were both in bad places at the time of dating.After starring in Disney’s long-running show Wizards of Waverly Place, Selena Gomez’s music career has grown rapidly. Unfortunately, her career as an actor hasn’t been as prominent.Indeed, many former Disney stars find it impossible to get rid of their Disney image. In Selena’s case, her relationship with Justin Bieber only made matters worse. The movie industry can at times be a tad pretentious and thus dating a teen pop star probably restricted the types of roles that she was offered.Even though her acting career has remained stagnant, her new role in Woody Allen’s A Rainy Day in New York might give her a little recognition. Plus, she has already starred in a couple of good ones, including Spring Breakers and The Fundamentals of Caring. Although Pattinson’s career as an actor is still alive and kicking, his relationship with co-star Kristen Stewart during their time filming and promoting the Twilight saga tended to overshadow his other movie roles.Much of the blame can be placed on him being unable to shake off the teen-crush image he obtained during his Twilight years, but his on-off relationship dramas with Kristen Stewart and her infidelity also seemed to outshine his acting abilities.It’s fair to say that, since Twilight, he hasn’t been able to achieve the same success despite appearing in some relatively good movies and opting for a serious acting career.He does, however, have a bunch of projects lined up for 2018, which could take him to the level that he wants to be at very quickly.Brad Pitt gained and kept hold of his prestigious success for more than a decade. His career swelled up after starring in Interview with the Vampire in 1994, and then went from strength to strength with movies like Se7en, Snatch, and Fight club.In 1996, Pitt won a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor for his performance in 12 Monkeys. He was also renowned for playing characters that were different to the typical "Hollywood heart-throbs" that most prominent actors went for.However, after meeting Angelina Jolie and gaining a large family of adopted children, Pitt felt that it was necessary to put his acting career on the back burner.Although he still did a lot of stand-out movies, he has not taken on any stand-out roles since.As with Robert Pattinson, Amber Heard had the misfortune of being in a relationship that blew up more than her career. A lot of this was down to Johnny Depp’s fame and their messy divorce, which ended with Heard making domestic assault allegations against Depp.Depp has a long list of famous exes (including Kate Moss, Winona Ryder, and Vanessa Paradis), but Heard was on her way up when she landed her first major role alongside Johnny Depp in The Rum Diary.Unfortunately, her career stopped moving after that. Shortly after she started dating Johnny Depp, her publicized romance became a main focal point, taking the focus off of her and her career.Nowadays, Heard is still very much in demand, but she might have been bigger had she not met Depp.Madonna is the queen of reinvention when it comes to music, but her career as an actress didn't evolve in the same way. Madonna kicked off her acting career with major hits like Desperately Seeing Susan and Dick Tracy, but she also did a ton of really terrible '80s movies.It wasn’t until she took on the lead role in Evita that she gained some acting credibility. With this movie, she managed to bag herself a Golden Globe for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy and was nominated for a bunch of other awards.However, after meeting British director Guy Ritchie in 1998, and starring in his movie Swept Away, her recognition as a serious actress went down the toilet and she hasn’t tried her luck at anything else since. We doubt Madonna cares that much though, as her real passion lies in music.You might remember Pheobe Cates from all-time favourite '80s horror film Gremlins. You might also remember her from that very weird but very hilarious '90s movie Drop Dead Fred, as well as her role in Fast Times At Ridgemont High.Although Cates had a huge career in acting during her youth (from the '80s up until the mid-'90s), she dropped everything to dedicate her life to her family. After Princess Caraboo in 1994, Cates has only done one movie-- The Anniversary Party.She married her husband Kevin Kline in 1989 and the two are still together to this day. While Kevin Kline has a flourishing acting career, having recently played Maurice in Beauty and the Beast, Cates went in another direction entirely and owns her own boutique in New York City. Despite being at the height of her career when she quit acting, we doubt that she has any regrets.Elizabeth Hurley hit the peak of her acting career in the '90s and early '00s. During the '90s, she was involved in a ton of shows and TV movies. After that, she was in a few successful (albeit not very high-brow) comedies, including Bedazzled and Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery. However, in 2002, Hurley quit acting for 8 years to take care of her new-born son, Damian. Although she may not have had the greatest Hollywood career had she chosen to carry on acting, she certainly would have had her fair share of roles.Hurley is now back on track, having most recently starred in TV shows Gossip Girl and The Royals. She also doesn’t regret her decision in the slightest, as it gave her the opportunity to launch her own swimwear range and allowed her to dedicate her time to other important aspects of her life.For many years, Meg Ryan was the biggest rom-com actress about. Her charm and likability landed her with many noteworthy roles. Ryan’s movies made big money and became instant classics, as can be seen with When Harry Met Sally and Sleepless in Seattle.However, her career lost momentum during the early '00s when Meg Ryan opted for a quieter life.Her decision sprung from a nasty divorce. The actress had been married to actor Dennis Quaid for 10 years before it was reported that they’d both been unfaithful during their marriage, something that ultimately led to their separation.Ryan didn’t completely quit acting but rather stepped away from the limelight. Due to her infidelity, the actress also felt that Hollywood had decided that she was no longer the wholesome leading lady they wanted her to be, which gave her a motive to pursue a more peaceful lifestyle.Although most of us only know him from '80s teen classic Sixteen Candles, Micheal Schoeffling was relatively big during his acting heyday. After starring alongside Molly Ringwald in Sixteen Candles, he played Winona Ryder’s love interest in Mermaids and the leading man in Wild Hearts Can’t Be Broken.However, his movie career ended just seven years after he made his acting debut as an extra in Racing with the Moon.While Schoeffling blamed the lack of roles for his early retirement from the big screen, he also said that having a family finalized his decision. Schoeffling now lives in his hometown of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania with his wife Valerie C. Robinson and their two children. There, he owns a carpentry shop and is enjoying a more private life.---Can you think of any other actors whose relationships ended their acting careers? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
With that said, in the comics, Bucky Barnes took over the role of Captain America when it looked like he had perished after the events of Civil War.When it comes to who should or shouldn't replace Chris Evans as Captain America, many arguments begin and end with Sebastian Stan. After all, it is not a good time to start recasting actors in the Marvel Cinematic Universe - at least not for any major players. There shouldn't be a James Bond rotationwith Tony Stark or Steve Rogers when there are so many other characters to focus on.In the movies, this was teased in Winter Soldier and Civil War when Bucky got his hands on the shield. MCU should definitely hand the role of Cap over to Stan. It would be interesting to see Winter Solder take on the role of Captain Amerca.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
We hate to say it, but some day, Hugh Jackman has to hang up his claws and retire. Unlike Wolverine, the Marvel Comics character that the 47-year-old Australian actor famous, the latter continues to age, and despite packing muscle on top of, underneath, and in between muscle for each subsequent appearance in the X-Men franchise, there will come a day when he just can’t keep up with those superpowered X-kids anymore. Jackman knows this. With a suspected small role in the upcoming X-Men: Apocalypse (at least going by the claws we saw in the latest trailer), he will have played Wolverine in nine films, and recently announced that his tenth turn as the character, the 2017 sequel to The Wolverine, will be his last. But 20th Century Fox has no plans to surrender the X-Men property any time soon. With rumors that post-credit scenes in Apocalypse set the franchise up for years to come, the pointy boots of the property’s most recognizable character will be filled by someone eventually. But who? Who has the acting chops, the physique, the animalistic rage, and perhaps most importantly, the youth, to play the X-Men’s breakout character?Here are 14 Actors Who Could Replace Hugh Jackman As Wolverine.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewUrban is no stranger to sci-fi/fantasy/comic fare, with roles in the Star Trek film series, Lord of the Rings, and box-office-flop-turned-cult-classic Dredd. Though he’s a little tall for Wolvie at 6’1”, he has the right physicality for it, and the right scrappy, cigar-chomping demeanor to pull it off successfully.He’s one of the older entries on the list at 43, meaning he probably wouldn’t get too many turns as the character before he has to turn over the adamantium to the next generation. But audiences might need a Hugh Jackman-esque actor as the next Wolverine to ease the transition and pave the way for a younger actor to redefine the character in the future. You could do worse than Karl Urban.Though Urban is pretty married to the idea of playing Judge Dredd again in either a film or streaming TV series sequel to the 2012 film, there’s no confirmation such a thing will come to pass. In the meantime, he could look at the X-Men franchise to round out his resume. Best known for playing the violent and rugged Jax Teller on the FX series Sons of Anarchy, Charlie Hunnam definitely has the goods to play Wolverine in the acting and physicality department. Hunnam is one of those actors who is still looking for his big screen break. Yes, Pacific Rim fans, we know you’re nodding your head in disapproval over that last comment, but please be fair and remember that the film didn’t exactly set the domestic box office on fire. Wolverine could be the role that makes Hunnam a bankable box office star and a household name.Like Urban, at 6’1”, Hunnam’s still a bit too tall for comic purists, but he’s only 36 years old, meaning that he could play the character longer. He’ll have to dye his hair and make a couple of other mild aesthetic changes to his overall look, but his roles thus far have shown that he’s rough-and-tumble enough to take the claws to the next level.If anyone needs a superhero film redemption, it’s Toby Kebbell. The English actor’s most high-profile role to date came in the widely despised 2015 Fantastic Four film. In it, he played Dr. Doom, and though he did his best with the material, it was a largely forgettable role at best.Still, he’s a great actor with a lot of respectable performances on his resume, including an incredible mocap performance as main antagonist Koba in 2014’s Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. That film alone is enough to show that Kebbell can do physically-demanding, animalistic roles, and he’s a pretty scruffy-looking guy t’boot.He’s pretty tall at 6’2”, but he’s young (33) and ready for his big break in Hollywood. Forgive him for Fantastic Four, and Toby Kebbell could make a great Wolverine.Anson Mount is one of those actors you’ve definitely seen before even if you don’t recognize his name and can’t quite place him. He’s worked regularly in TV and film since the late 90s, with his most high-profile roles in AMC’s western Hell on Wheels and the 2014 video game The Evil Within.It’s not just just fairly-known actors looking for box office breaks we want to consider for Wolverine. Remember that Hugh Jackman was an unknown when he was cast all the way back in 2000’s X-Men. Mount is a solid actor who plays “tortured” well, and he’s in the right physical shape to take on the character.Yeah, he’s tall (6’2”) and a little older than most of the candidates on this list (43), but if you want to give a fresh actor a chance at the character, and one who can do rugged and grumpy, Anson Mount is as good a choice as any on this list.Australian actor Alex O’Loughlin is another actor you can’t quite place from that one thing you saw. He has been working consistently for over a decade, and has secured big roles in TV on shows like Hawaii Five-0, Moonlight and The Shield. Another actor ready for a big screen break, O’Loughlin would bring some decent credentials to the X-Men film franchise. He does a lot of his own stunt work and has played a variety of roles, including villains, which means he has good range for a complex character like Wolverine.He’s just over 6 feet and 39-years-old, but he has solid acting chops and the intimidation needed for a compelling performance as the X-Man. Though he might not be able to lead a big franchise on his own, his casting as Wolverine would work just fine if 20th Century Fox reboots Wolverine into more of a supporting character, with occasional flashes of badassery. Luke Evans has built his career on fantasy/action roles, appearing in The Hobbit trilogy, Dracula Untold, and Clash of the Titans. He has built a reputation as a very physical actor, and his portrayal of Dracula is proof of concept that he could take Wolverine into his first on-screen Berzerker rage.He’s 6’0”, the shortest on the list so far (don’t worry, we’ll explore shorter actors too) and 37-years-old, so he has a bit of mileage in him if he wants to settle into a role like Wolverine for the next several years. Still, if you think he’s a little too pretty, a little too old, and a little too tall to inherit one of comics’ most high-profile roles, we’ve got another possibility here that should prove that we’re at least willing to take a look at any and all possible actors to play Wolverine.If you watch Game of Thrones (who are we kidding, everyone watches Game of Thrones), then just seeing Iwan Rheon’s name and photo on this list sent a bit of a chill down your spine. Not since Joffrey Bieber has there been a more cruel, capricious, and hated character than Rheon’s Ramsay Bolton on the hit HBO show, and this is a show that’s known for characters you hate.It might be hard to picture Rheon playing anyone else, but that’s sort of the reason we like him. He needs another high profile role so we can see what kind of range he’s capable of (besides, you know, psychotic). He’s in good shape and could easily pack on another 20 pounds to play Wolverine, and has an animal-like intensity unlike anyone else on TV. Other perks include: He’s pretty short (5’8”, told you we were also considering shorter actors), and he’s 31-years-old, meaning that if he fits Wolverine well, he could redefine the role for years to come. Jack O’Connell starred in the Angelina Jolie-directed Unbroken in 2014 and in Jodie Foster's Money Monster, which came out last week. Besides that (and a bunch of other smaller roles) he’s largely an unknown here in the states. Overseas, he has established a name for himself as an actor of incredible range, and his role as a violent teen imprisoned with his father in 2013’s Starred Up is considered his breakout. Unbroken didn’t take the box office by storm and the critical response was mostly “meh,” so O’Connell is still poised to replicate his overseas success domestically. He’s young (25), but he already looks pretty lived-in, and could probably maintain Wolverine’s agelessness for well over a decade, just like Jackman. He’s also around the right height (5’8”), and his roles to date show that he can handle physical acting. If he hit the gym and packed on a bit of weight, he’d be a serious contender for the role.You know exactly who Tom Hardy is and what he can do. Arguably the most famous and successful actor on this list, Hardy’s resume is proof-positive that he can handle the range, intensity and physicality required to play a convincing Wolverine.But just for fun, let’s go through the checklist. Is Tom Hardy physically intimidating? We submit The Dark Knight Rises and Bronson for your consideration. Can he play brooding, grumpy characters? See: Lawless and Mad Max: Fury Road. How tall is he? 5’9” (not bad). He. Would. Be. Great. The only minor drawback is his age. At 38, he wouldn’t be able to play the character as long as we’d want (if you like the idea), but he’s not the oldest actor suggested on this list, so he’s definitely a contender for the role. But Hardy’s career is firing on all cylinders and he’s not showing any signs of slowing down. It might be harder to get him on board than an unknown like …If you’re shaking your head at this point, it’s probably because you know this actor from that weird, short-lived, not-so-great Netflix show Hemlock Grove. Hear us out.In it, he played Peter Rumancek, a nomadic, tortured and surly werewolf with a dark past. Playing Wolverine is like 10% refusing to settle down anywhere, 20% pain of any kind, 20% bitter sarcasm and 50% reflecting intensely on your dark past. If we can agree that those are the main requirements, then Landon Liboiron has already done it. He’s 5’10” which is a good compromise on height (as long as Wolverine is shorter than Cyclops, everyone should be okay). The only major drawbacks are his physicality and his age. Though he can do animalistic rage, we don’t know if he can pack on the muscle mass needed for Wolverine. A thin, scrappy Wolverine? Yes. Someone in Hugh Jackman’s league? Better start taking that creatine, Landon.He’s also 24, which is just maybe a tad too young for the role right now. With a few more projects under his belt and a bit more mileage, he could be a solid choice for Wolverine. Alternatively, they could remake X-Men Origins: Wolverine and stick closer to the source material, which would justify casting a younger James Howlett/Logan for the majority of the film.If Jack O’Connell and Landon Liboiron are a bit on the young side, Taron Egerton might be a good compromise. At 26, the British actor is best known for his lead role in 2015’s Kingsman: The Secret Service. He’s 5’10”, in great physical shape, and has shown that he can pull off some of Wolverine’s anti-hero qualities in his work so far.Egerton, more than perhaps any other actor on this list, would have a great opportunity to grow into the role over the next several years. Starting off with an origin reboot, as we suggested with Liboiron, might be the way to go here as well, but Egerton is slightly ahead in age, meaning that he could hone and own the role into his mid-30s and keep going strong until he’s Jackman’s age. Of course Egerton might be a tad on the soft side for Wolverine. What we really need is a viking ...Clive Standen is best known for his portrayal of Rollo on History’s critically-acclaimed period drama Vikings. Rollo is described by History as “impulsive, wild and compulsive,” a “fierce fighter” who is “intense and always unpredictable.” Sound like anyone who prefers dressing in yellow spandex we know?Honestly, “played a viking” should be enough of a resume piece to play Wolverine, but that’s not all Standen is capable of. He used to work as a stuntman before transitioning into an acting career, and does most of his stunts in his current roles. He’s also proficient in Muay Thai and is built like a gorilla, meaning he could bring a level of intensity and physical prowess to the X-Men that hasn’t been explored to its fullest extent yet. He’s 34, so he’s at a good age to take on the part -- a good mix of youth and experience. The only downside is that he’s a giant at 6’2”, but with his resume, do you think we could let him slide on the height requirement?No? 6’2” is too tall? What if we dropped two inches to 6’0”, but kept “played a viking” on the resume? Then we could consider another Vikings star, Travis Fimmel, for Wolverine.Fimmel is 36 and also built like a freaking tank. All of the animal intensity and physicality of Standen applies to Fimmel as well, though he might need to rely on his stuntman just a tad more.The only real downside of casting Fimmel is that he has openly stated that he doesn’t want to be famous and is only in show business for the money. Since Wolverine is one of the most recognizable roles in Hollywood, it’d be pretty hard to maintain his anonymity.However, in another interview, he said that he will quit acting as soon as he has enough money to buy and sustain his own farm. Acknowledging that farming is a pretty tough gig, he has admitted that his dream job might be a longer-term proposition.Unless of course he inks a multi-million deal for Wolverine. He could buy 10 farms in as many years with that kind of money and keep them running for centuries. Maybe the fame just might be worth it.Michiel Huisman achieved international fame when he replaced Ed Skrien as on HBO’s Game of Thrones in Season 4. He had played minor-to-supporting roles in various TV shows and films before then, but like everyone else on Thrones, his performance there is what made him a star.More than most actors on this list, he’s completely ready for a big screen debut right now, and his first major role will be a make-or-break one. Why not give him a shot at Wolverine?He has proven that he’s willing to do what it takes to get a part (he put on a ton of weight for GoT), he’s grungy but charming (the latter might not be important in comics, but in film it counts), and he’s 34, a good age for a new Wolverine with some longevity in him. He’s a little tall at 6’0” but, come on, why are we stressing over the height so much? You know you don’t want Tom Cruise and Jason Statham isn’t as short as you think he is! Let’s make peace with a tall Wolverine, fans. What we really want at the end of the day is a good Wolverine anyway.-Did we miss anyone on this list? Let us know who you think would make the best replacement for Hugh Jackman as Wolverine in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Outside the guarantees of a contract, there is nothing sure about television. Before that legally binding document is drafted up and signed, there is always the chance that a studio will hire somebody else and leave the other candidate without work. Even after the promises are put into writing, there is no assurance that said contract will be renewed once it expires. Hollywood may be a glamorous industry, but no one ever said it came with job security.Actors are not exempt from this harsh reality either. Sometimes they are replaced after a few episodes of a show due to negative audience reaction and other times they are fired after already becoming a familiar face to the audience. Whatever the case, the effect each firing and replacement has differs depending on the situation.For this list, we'll be taking a look at two categories. The first is mid-series replacements that audiences barely noticed. This could mean the replacement happened too early in the series for the first actor to carve their way into audience's hearts or that the actor was on the series for a while and never resonated with viewers. The second category will be mid-series replacements that had a huge effect on the show and couldn't help but draw attention to itself.So as promised, here are 8 Actors We Didn't Notice Were Replaced Mid-Series And 8 That Were Too NoticeableClick the button below to start this article in quick viewIn its infancy, Family Guy was far from the cultural mainstay that it is today. As a result, the characters were not as recognizable and the actors who portrayed them were not so closely associated with them. Lacey Chabert voiced the Griffin Family's black sheep daughter, Meg, for the series' first fourteen episodes.Ultimately, schoolwork and other scheduling conflicts prevented Lacey from continuing her work on the series and Mila Kunis was hired as her replacement.Due to the nature of animation, cast changes do not require any aesthetic changes to the actual characters, so most viewers tuned into the next episode without batting an eye when Meg was voiced by a different actress. The biggest reaction anybody gave was no more dramatic than "huh, she's got a different voice now, interesting."Long before the time such labels existed, Norman Lear's shows often crossed paths and created enough spin offs for his creations to be dubbed "The Norman Lear Television Universe" or "The Leariverse." While it was awesome to see so many characters develop on television for so many years, it also meant that keeping the same actors in those roles would be difficult, and sometimes impossible.Mike Evans first played Lionel Jefferson on All In The Family and continued in the role when The Jeffersons first aired in 1975. After the first year of the spinoff Mike Evans left and was replaced by Damon Evans, whose last names are purely coincidence. Mike was so closely associated with the character that he eventually returned in The Jeffersons' fifth and sixth seasons.Sometimes writers find clever ways to work cast changes into a show. 'Til Death chose to do it in an insane way that worked well for the surprisingly irreverent multi-camera sitcom.Eddie and Joy Stark's daughter, Allison, was played by Krysten Ritter in a recurring role during the first two seasons. Then, Laura Clery had the role in season three, still only sporadically showing up. In the final season, the daughter became a main character whose actress was again changed to Lindsey Broad, and then finally Kate Micucci.Rather than ignore the replacement, the writer's opted to make it a gag on the show. During the final season Allison's husband, Doug, starts to believe he is living in a sitcom and he immediately acknowledges when his wife is all of a sudden a different woman. It's rather clever to point out the elephant in the room before anybody else does.With a total of seven seasons under its belt, 3o Rock went through a variety of changes throughout its run. Despite the changes, or maybe because of them, the show remained a strong and creative presence on primetime television right up until the end.Some of these changes were immediately apparent to audiences, while some of them slipped under the radar.One such instance of the ladder is the casting of Tracy Jordan's wife, Angie. In the character's debut appearance in the episode "Jack the Writer" she was played by Sharon Wilkins. However, for reasons that are unclear, all of the character's subsequent appearances were portrayed by Sherrie Shepard. Is Sharon Wilkins bitter about being replaced on such a legendary show? It's difficult to say if there will ever be an answer to that question.Bewitched is easily one of the most iconic and recognizable television shows from the 1960s. it's a safe bet to say that, even more than forty years after its initial run, an episode of the sitcom is playing at least once a day somewhere on some channel in syndication.When a show lasts as long as Bewitched does, there are bound to be casting shakeups. For this show, it happened when the male lead, Dick York, was no longer able to perform due to debilitating back pain. After the fifth season, York left the show to focus on his recovery and was replaced by Dick Sargent. While the change was definitely noticeable and Dick York was missed, the change did not spell doom for the show and it remained on the air for three additional seasons with Dick Sargent playing the witch's husband.In a not all too atypical situation, Last Man Standing was loved by audiences and panned by critics. Even after its cancellation in 2017, it is still living on in syndication and streaming.Viewer reactions were so positive that they did not seem to pay any attention when one of the major cast members was replaced after the first season.Beth Baxter, the oldest daughter of Mike Baxer (Tim Allen's character), was played Alexandra Krosney in the show's premier season. When it came time for the hit series to start up its second season, Alexandra was not brought back and Amanda Fuller was now playing Beth. While Beth Baxter was a main character on the show, the change in actress did nothing to derail the show's success among audiences.The Waltons was classic wholesome television for the whole family to enjoy. While the show was about the entire titular family, much of the focus was placed on the oldest son, John Boy. Richard Thomas had the role of John Boy for the first five seasons until the character temporarily leaves the show for the next two seasons. John Boy eventually returned in the middle of the eighth season, but played by Robert Wightman.Audiences had come to associate Richard Thomas with John Boy, so the change was a little hard to swallow for some.While Robert Wightman remind in the role for the rest of the series and for three television movies, Richard Thomas did eventually return to the part for A Walton Thanksgiving Reunion and the two following films.The characters on M*A*S*H were so well developed that they genuinely felt like real people and, more importantly, like they could be a good friend. One of the few characters to remain in the 4077 for the show's entire run was the unit's chaplain, Father Mulcahy. William Christopher is immediately recognizable in the part, but he did not play the character in every episode.Excluding Rene Auberjonois's portrayal in of the character in the film, the pilot episode of the iconic show actually featured a different actor in the role. George Morgan was the first actor to play Father Mulcahy on television, but was immediately replaced by the now very familiar William Christopher. It's hard to say if the character would have been as beloved if George Morgan had not been replaced, and the world will never truly know.The 4400, from the very start, was shrouded in mystery. As the show went on, events only became stranger and there were consistently more questions than answers. Unfortunately, viewers were never given answers as the show was unceremoniously canceled after four seasons. Fortunately for the writers, the mysterious nature of the show meant they could actually explain mid-series replacements.When Laura Allen left the show after its second season, the producers were forced to get creative in order to work her exit into the show.The solution was that her character, Lily, was to mysteriously age several decades. After this event took place, Lily was played by veteran actress Tippi Hedren. While the arc pointed out this casting change, it also seamlessly weaved it into the narrative.The 1960s Batman television series is a one of a kind creation. On the surface, it appears to be mindless fun for kids, but underneath there is a plethora of comedy for adults to enjoy. This creative format has seen the show stand the test of time and find new fans with each subsequent generation of comic book nerds. While adult fans of the series noticed casting changes, the other, much younger half of the fan base did not see the actors past the characters and did not think twice if their favorite characters looked a little different.One such example of this is Catwoman, who was initially played by Julie Newmar in the first two seasons before being replaced by Eartha Kitt in the final season.As an added bonus for this list, Catwoman was also played by Lee Meriwether in the 1966 film.For most of the entries on this list, cast members are replaced for business reasons or because the actor leaves the show to pursue different opportunities either in television or film. Unfortunately the departure can sometimes be more sorrowful, like with Lisa Robin Kelly on That '70s ShowLisa played Laurie Foreman on the popular, nostalgia driven sitcom for three seasons. However, a serious drinking problem caused her to leave the show. The actress played the character in a few sporadic appearances, but was ultimately replaced in the sixth season by Christina Moore. Christina Moore only played the character for six episodes, as perhaps the show runners ultimately decided that it was better for the character to not be in the show at all rather than played by a different actress.The Adventures of Superman was a landmark show for several reasons. Its early seasons mixture of mystery stories and Superman was a ingenious format for the superhero and guaranteed that it would not be forgotten for many generations. George Reeves is perfect as the titular character, Jack Larson is, to date, the best Jimmy Olsen, and Noel Neill is the definitive Lois Lane, though she was not always in the role.For the show's first season, Lane was played Phyllis Coates. However, when the show was ready to be renewed, Phyllis Coates was no longer available. Fortunately, the answer to this conundrum presented itself clearly as Noel Neill was available and had in fact already played the character in the 1948 Superman serial. Phyllis Coates, while great in her own right, never felt like the definitive Lois Lane.In some examples on this list, children would not have noticed when a character was played by a different actor. However, sometimes young viewers become very attached to a character on a show, like Steve Burns on Blue's Clues.Steve was the host of the children's program for more than six years and was a huge hit with the kids and their parents. His hosting style was unlike anything educational programming had seen before. Eventually Steve decided to leave since he was not intent on being a children's TV host for his whole life. He was replaced by Donovan Patton, who was a different character, but ultimately served the same role. To alleviate children's shock at the change, the show incorporated the change into the show with Donovan taking over after Steve left for college.Fans of The Ren and Stimpy Show will forever owe a debt to Jon Kricfalusi. As the cartoon's creator, he is responsible for introducing a whole generation to humor they may have been a little too young for. With that being said, his voice could not compare to the masterful work done by Billy West.Jon played Ren for the early years of the show until his radical, barely safe for children comedic style caused him to get fired from the series. After this, Billy West, who already voiced Stimpy, also started voicing Ren. West is objectively one of the best voice actors out there, so while it is lamentable that Jon was let go from a show he created, the voice of his character was left in good hands.One essential aspect of the long running science fiction series Doctor Who is the inevitable transformation the main character undergoes. This story element sets it apart from most other shows and enables it to continue on almost indefinitely, as long as the ratings hold up.While an essential part of the series' plot, this concept actually rose up out of necessity.In 1966, William Hartnell, who played the first doctor, departed the series after suffering from severe health problem and having disagreements with the new producers. To remedy this, the show introduced the concept of regeneration. Ever since then, the idea has a been mainstay of the long running British show. While originally done to write an actor of a role, the Doctor's regeneration has helped keep Dr. Who fresh and exciting.If aliens visit earth thousands of years after mankind is extinct and they stumble upon Seinfeld, humanity will be extremely lucky to have left this show as its immortal legacy. These days, all of the characters are cultural icons, but when the show was on the air, it took a little while for much of the supporting cast to fall into their rightful place with the appropriate actors. A prime example of this is the character of Morty Seinfeld, the titular character's father.Philip Bruns portrayed the character in his only appearance in the first season, but was subsequently replaced by Barney Martin. Since the show's format had not yet been fully established in its first season, nobody's attention was piqued when Seinfeld's dad was played by a different actor the next time he showed up.--What other mid-series replacements can you think of? Let us know in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Who comes to mind when you think of actors and actresses who were born into wealth before they achieved their fame? Lindsay Lohan? Nicole Richie? Believe it or not, there are a great deal of celebrities who already had expensive lifestyles like those two, enjoying the fruits of their parents labor long before their careers were even a glimmer of hope in their eyes. Many of them attended ridiculously expensive boarding and prep schools with yearly tuitions costing as much as an average person's salary. Still others lived in lavish mansions and castles or multimillion dollar homes.But honestly, 'rich' is subjective depending on who's looking. In the case of these actors, their parents were making at least six figures when they were kids, with some even pulling in millions (or billions) of dollars. While that seems like a huge difference in wealth, think of it this way. The average worldwide wage was only around $17,000 in 2015 and the US average was $56,000. These stars' families were pulling in well over those averages, putting them among the worldwide elite.Bearing that in mind, here are 15 Actors You Didn't Know Were Rich Before They Were Famous.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewBenedict Cumberbatch was no stranger to acting or an affluent lifestyle before he became famous the world over for his roles as Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Strange. Cumberbatch grew up in one of the most expensive areas of London and was educated at boarding and prep schools with tuitions rivaling those of private universities. His parents, Wanda Ventham and Timothy Carlton, were by no means as famous as he is now, but have been well respected stage and screen actors in the UK since the 1960s.Although often typecast as a villain, Benedict Cumberbatch comes from a line of military officers, diplomats, and wealthy landowners on his father's side, who are considered a part of the British aristocracy. He's also related to Alice Cumberbatch, creator of the Cumberbatch trophy, which is awarded to airlines in the UK for flight safety. Of his upbringing, he had this to say to The Telegraph newspaper: “I’m definitely middle class, I think. I know others would argue, but I’m not upper class. Upper class to me means you are either born into wealth or you’re Royalty.” He then added: “Ok, maybe I’m upper-middle class.” Some privilege checking may be in order here.While her parents divorced shortly after she was born (in Manhattan no less), Julia Louis-Dreyfus spent her childhood split between Washington D.C. and New York City. Her mother was a poet and worked with special needs kids, but came from a family of doctors. Her father, on the other hand, was chairman of the energy services branch of the Louis Dreyfus Company, a global merchant founded by her great-great-grandfather. The shipping company has offices all over the world, and billions of dollars in annual sales. Yep, billions.Even without Dreyfus's $200 million net worth from her acting roles in Seinfeld, Veep, and the like, it's very likely she could live off the inheritance her father left her last year when he passed away. Although she denies being a billionaire, there's no denying that she came from money. In 2006, her father (and by extension, his family) was named the 200th richest billionaire in the world.Seeing as both Kate and Rooney Mara have established themselves as prominent young actresses in their own right, you'd think that acting ran in their family. On the contrary, these two ladies come from football royalty of all things.Their mother's family are the Rooneys, founders and owners of the Pittsburgh Steelers. Both women's grandfather, Art Rooney, was good friends with the head of the New York Giants at the time, Tim Mara. Little did these two men know that their great-grandchildren would marry and unite the two families.Kate and Rooney's mother, Kathleen Rooney, married their father, who was a Mara. Both sides of their family have kept the teams internal, with their uncles serving as co-owners and CEOs of both the Giants and the Steelers. If that wasn't enough of an impressive sports legacy, their maternal grandfather, Tim Rooney Sr., also owns the Yonkers Raceway in New York.You might not realize it by looking at him that Bradley Cooper came from a well-off family. He's often seen as the scruffy, jerky guy who's wound up and maybe a bit of an oddball, but believe it or not, Cooper had plenty of financial backing growing up. His mother, Gloria, worked at the local NBC station in West Philadelphia, and his father was a stockbroker. His parents sent him to the exclusive private school, Germantown Academy, which prepares kids for an Ivy League education. In fact, he did end up attending one of the "Hidden Ivies," Villanova University, before transferring to Georgetown in his sophomore year.To paint a better picture for you of how well his family was doing, one only needs to examine the tuition for all these schools. Between his private high school and colleges, his parents paid nearly half a million dollars to educate him. Bet they were a bit skeptical when he told them he was going to be an actor after all that. Lucky for them, it worked out in his case.For Robin Wright, her House of Cards portrayal of Claire Underwood doesn't fall far from her own wealthy beginnings. Like Claire, she was born in Dallas, TX, although we know a lot more about what her real parents did than we do with her fictional family.Her mother was a Mary Kay cosmetics national sales director and her father was a pharmaceutical executive. High level people in the pharmaceutical industry can rake in millions of dollars per year, depending on the company and actual job title, but it's safe to say she was pretty well off. Neither of these occupations seem too far fetched for Claire Underwood's parents to have had, either. Wright's family moved to the San Diego neighborhood of La Jolla when she was a kid, which also speaks volumes to their status. Average home prices in the seaside town will run you around $1 million, making it the most expensive housing market in the United States.If you happen to be the daughter of a Hollywood producer/director (Bruce Paltrow) and a Tony award-winning actress (Blythe Danner) living in Los Angeles, chances are good that your pockets are lined with gold. So began the charmed life of Oscar-winning actress Gwyneth Paltrow.Trained by her parents for a career in the arts, Paltrow grew up in Santa Monica, CA attending the $40,000/yr college prep Crossroads School for Arts & Sciences. She later went to the prestigious Spence School in Manhattan—one of the top all-girls schools in the world. While she admits to never having a trust fund, she certainly never went without, which was why her attempt to participate in Food Bank NYC's food stamp challenge in 2015 was a bit misguided. Paltrow only lasted four days when she had a craving for chicken, since she bought primarily vegetables and her only sources of protein were eggs and beans. The awareness raising attempt was honorable, but in the end, her "poverty tourism" was what ended up dominating headlines. Nice try, love.Arguably one of the greatest actresses ever, Meryl Streep had a bit of a leg up over some of her colleagues from an early age. Like Robin Wright, her father was a pharmaceutical executive for one of the biggest drug companies in the world, and her mother was a fine artist who did commercial work and edited a home furnishings publication. Streep's parents didn't spoil her with a private education, however; she went to public school in New Jersey and conquered high school on her own merits. However, her mother did get her private voice lessons with a famous voice teacher in New York City when she was a teenager.Aside from that, her family has a lot more known history and prestige to it due to research by the author, Henry Louis Gates, Jr. In his book, Faces of America: How 12 Extraordinary People Discovered Their Pasts, it was revealed that one of her ancestors helped found the colony of Pennsylvania right around when the Declaration of Independence was signed. Apparently the Streeps have strong ties to the Northeast, especially Pennsylvania, and to this day, Meryl still owns a home in Connecticut where her parents used to live.Darren Criss has had a charmed life from an early age. Like his onscreen counterpart in Glee, Criss attended private schools growing up, including an all-boys school during his elementary years. His father was an investment banker who started Eastwest Bank in Honolulu, where he was chairman and CEO. As a middle schooler, Criss's family lived in the ritzy Aina Haina neighborhood, east of Honolulu, where million dollar homes are the norm. There was always plenty of money around as his dad moved from bank to bank, even serving as office director and financial advisor for private wealth management groups.Luckily for Darren (and his brother who is also a musician), their father was very fond of the arts, and he served on the Board of Directors for the Philharmonia Baroque Orchestra in San Francisco. Both of his parents also own a real estate business in one of the most expensive parts of San Francisco, so you know they've got to be loaded.If you've seen Salma Hayek's latest film, the quirky Beatriz at Dinner, you might find it ironic that her upbringing was much like the one her character openly mocked in the film.Daughter to an oil company exec, she and her brother enjoyed a pampered life near the ocean, having been completely spoiled by her doting parents. The actress once admitted that her mother loved helping people with her husband's money, opening up a music school in her hometown of Coatzacoalcos, Mexico, to teach opera to children. Hayek, on the other hand, was more of an animal lover growing up. Her father's money bought her three tigers whom she played with inside their lavish home. Seriously; she had pet tigers.Knowing about her affection for animals, Antonio Banderas (who co-starred with her in Desperado at the beginning of her Hollywood career), once gifted her with two monkeys. Now she can afford as many animals as she likes with her own hard earned cash, and allegedly has around fifty animals on a ranch in Washington state.While she was never quite royalty like Mia was in The Princess Diaries, Anne Hathaway was nevertheless wealthy in her own way before attaining stardom. Growing up in Brooklyn, her father was a distinguished labor lawyer for Fortune 500 companies in the New York area. When Anne was a child, he also worked with many international clients in Japan, and he's worked with some of the top law firms in this country. However, before his monumental success as a lawyer, he worked as a stagehand in Philadelphia area theaters, which is presumably where he met Anne's mother, Kate, who was also an actress.Anne didn't attend a private high school like many of her fellow privileged actors, but she did attend one of the top high schools in the country, Millburn High School in New Jersey. Median incomes in that area were around $160,000 for a family of four when she was a teenager. That's not exactly Salma Hayek level rich, but it's nevertheless pretty well off to the majority of the people in the world.Although not one to attract the most glamorous roles, Paul Giamatti had a very upper crust lifestyle growing up. His family has strong ties to New Haven, CT, home to the prestigious Ivy League school, Yale University. Giamatti's father, Bart, attended the school for his undergraduate and doctorate degrees, became a professor there, and eventually was named president of the university while Paul was in middle and high school. He served in that role for eight years, sending Paul to a boarding prep school just north of New Haven, where yearly tuition actually rivals that of Yale's.While Paul also got his degree at Yale, his father then served as both president and commissioner of Major League Baseball—positions with salaries in the millions. In fact, of all the sports commissioners, the baseball commissioner used to command the highest salary (certain NFL heads have recently overtaken them, however). Former MLB commissioner Bud Selig reportedly made around $22 million a year AND gets around $6 million a year in his retirement. That's a pretty sweet deal, and one which likely afforded Giamatti a great deal of opportunity in his life.Neither Ygritte on Game of Thrones nor Gwen in Downton Abbey came from money, but actress Rose Leslie certainly did. She's a descendent of King Charles II and comes from an ancient Scottish family, Clan Leslie, of which her father is the chieftan of the Aberdeenshire branch. Basically what that means is that Rose grew up in a castle, Lickleyhead Castle to be exact, in the northeastern part of the Scottish Lowlands. The medieval mansion boasts seven bedrooms and seven baths and comes in at around 5,500 sq. ft.Although Rose lived there as a girl, after she left for school, the family moved to another Clan Leslie castle in the area, Warthill Castle. While Lickleyhead went up for sale a few years ago, it appears that the family still owns it. Currently, you can rent the whole place out for around $800 a night on Airbnb, with Rose's parents as your hosts.Born into entertainment royalty, Rashida Jones is the daughter of famed music producer Quincy Jones, who worked with Michael Jackson on three of his most popular albums: Off the Wall, Thriller, and Bad. Rashida's mother is Peggy Lipton, who played Norma Jennings on the original Twin Peaks (along with cameos in the current version) as well as The Mod Squad TV show, where she earned around $6,700 a week—or roughly $48,000 by today's standards.Rashida grew up in the celebrity neighborhood of Bel Air and counted Michael Jackson and Frank Sinatra as her friends. Educated at the Buckley School in Sherman Oaks, CA, a prep school with other famous alumni like director Paul Thomas Anderson and actor Matthew Perry, Rashida went on to study religion and philosophy at Harvard, nearly becoming a lawyer before following in her mother's footsteps as an actress.Unlike most would-be performers, though, Rashida didn't have to go to acting school. Her mother's co-star in The Mod Squad, Tige Andrews, became her acting mentor when she began to pursue it seriously.Although La La Land actress Emma Stone did move to Hollywood to make it big in Tinseltown, her experience wasn't exactly like her character's. Consistently accused of showing her white privilege, Stone actually does come from a very well off background. She was attending a Catholic prep school in Phoenix, AZ before deciding to become an actress. Supposedly she created a PowerPoint presentation to convince her parents how serious she was about her career choice, and the rest, as they say, is history.Her mother moved with her to Los Angeles while her father bankrolled and supported them from Arizona. The president and CEO of a commercial construction company with numerous government contracts, Emma's father was already valued in the hundreds of millions of dollars at that point. Now he has a famous, Oscar-winning daughter who could probably easily pay him back for his contributions to her career. Now that's what we call a return on your investment!Tom Hardy can count himself lucky to grow up in both a creative and well off family. His mother, Ann Hardy, is an artist and photographer who has showed her work all over Europe. His father, meanwhile, had a Mad Men-esque career as a Creative Director for an advertising agency in London before focusing on his own creative writing projects in film, TV, and theater.Hardy grew up in West London attending boarding and prep schools (where he was classmates with fellow Hollywood superstar Michael Fassbender), but like many rich suburban kids, he fell into drugs and crime at an early age. "It's the suburbs. The life is so privileged and peaceful and so bloody dull, it gives you the instinctive feral desire to f*** everything up," he told The Guardian in 2007. Fortunately for Hardy (and us), he didn't muck his life up completely, and he managed to pull himself together and into the A-list star he is today.--What other actors were rich before they hit it big in Hollywood? Let us know in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
The perfect ingredients to make a great film can't be found in any kind of cinematic cook book. Producers and filmmakers come together, hoping that whatever it is they make turns out to be a critical and financial success. And making movies is hard work, involving many hands and helpers, to help guide a production through the inevitable problems behind and in front of the camera. All in all, it takes determination, passion, and a lot of money to make sure a movie comes out just right.But even the best films can screw up in a major way when it comes to who's on camera. Movies often have a specific motivation for casting certain stars (popularity and getting butts in seats are big incentives, though finding the person who's simply the best fit for the job is usually the goal). Whatever the reasons, many a great movie has been soured by a bad actor or performance. While this list doesn't aim to say the actors in question are bad at what they do, it does seek to point out films that, while otherwise very well received, featured notably bad performances by one star in particular.Here are 15 Actors That Ruined Great Movies.Click the button below to start this article in quick viewDirected by Francis Ford Coppola, Bram Stoker’s Dracula starred Gary Oldman as the titular Count in a film that claimed to be the most accurate adaptation of the original novel. It played fast and loose with some elements, but was more faithful overall to the source material than most other versions of the tale we've seen. It also helps that the film was well made, well liked, and acclaimed for its use of practical special effects.Due to studio intervention, a certain American actor was tapped for the important role of Jonathan Harker: Keanu Reeves. Sporting a terrible British accent, awkward line delivery, and emotional moments that just come off as laughable, Reeves is easily the worst part of the film. It’s especially bad when he’s sharing the screen with heavyweights like the aforementioned Oldman and Anthony Hopkins.The sequel to First Class and a prequel to the original X-Men trilogy, Days of Future Past was well received by critics and fans alike. Adapting the popular comic arc by Chris Claremont, the film follows Wolverine as he goes back into the past to stop Raven (aka Mystique) from killing Bolivar Trask, the creator of the mutant killing Sentinels. Logan also meets up with Charles (Professor X) and Erik (Magneto), and they team up to prevent the dystopian future from which this version of Wolverine hails.The issue with Jennifer Lawrence’s Mystique has much to do with her minimal characterization as it does with her overall performance. Where Logan, Charles, and Erik are clearly complicated characters with complicated goals, Mystique seems reduced to a violence-seaking weapon that won’t let anyone stand in her way. With some dedicated intimate moments (or even a few throwaway lines), we could better understand why Mystique is the way she currently is. But as it stands, she is somewhat reduced to just a problem that needs to be solved by the other primary characters.By this point in time, anyone who loves movies knows who Quentin Tarantino is. Debuting with Reservoir Dogs, he went on to direct one of the most popular films of all-time (Pulp Fiction), as well as other critically acclaimed genre films (Kill Bill, Inglourious Basterds, Django Unchained).However, Tarantino has been known to sometimes insert himself in his own films for no good reason, and nowhere was that more distracting than in both Pulp Fiction and Django Unchained. Whether he’s casually spouting racial slurs at Sam Jackson in Pulp, or sporting an awful Australian accent in Django, Tarantino’s acting has been known to be the one bad thing in otherwise excellent films. Plenty of other actors and filmmakers have called him out on it, but it doesn’t seem to have fazed him. At least film fans can be thankful that he only acts on occasion.Hollywood’s last crack at the King of Monsters (from 1998) didn’t go very well, but almost everyone will agree that 2014’s version was a vast improvement. Sticking closely to the creature’s origins, Godzilla featured the titular beast as he roamed the world in search of catastrophic monsters that aimed to do harm. All the while, various humans do their best to track and limit any further destruction.While many were excited to see Bryan Cranston in the film (and most did praise his performance), those same fans were disappointed to learn that the true protagonist of the film was Aaron Taylor-Johnson’s character. Devoid of enthusiasm or sympathy, Taylor-Johnson’s acting not only paled in comparison to Cranston’s, but the latter didn’t get nearly as much screen time. While the film was still a success and enjoyed by plenty, ATJ remained a particular point of criticism.It’s not easy making an unnecessary sequel to another sequel, especially one that was so critically acclaimed that it’s been called the greatest sequel of all-time. But that’s just what happened in 1990, when The Godfather Part III was released. Francis Ford Coppola and Al Pacino returned to finish off the story of Michael Corleone, who did his best to get out, but was ultimately pulled back into a life of crime.While the film was still fairly well received (even if it’s nowhere near the achievements Parts I and II are), the one thing most disliked was Sofia Coppola as Mary Corleone. Coming off as uninspired and having no chemistry with her supposed love interest, Coppola was cited as being out of her depth, and, even among those who loved the film, she was pointed out as its greatest weakness. While famed critic Roger Ebert defended her performance, his partner-in-crime Gene Siskel couldn’t do the same, though both praised the film overall.Directed by Bernardo Bertolucci, The Last Emperor won nine Academy Awards and has endured as a classic epic detailing the life of the real last emperor of China, Puyi. The film mostly centers on actor John Lone’s adult portrayal of the titular leader, but as the tale takes a look at various different times in the character's life, the film also casts Richard Vuu and Tiger Tsou to play Puyi (at ages 3 and 8, respectfully). All three actors do a great job - especially when compared to Wu Tao, the actor who plays Puyi at age 15.Because the film uses English as its main spoken language, many of the actors featured have noticeable accents, though almost none of them let that get in their way. However, in the case of Tao, his accent is not only noticeably heavier than Vuu’s or Tsou’s, but his acting is also more stilted and awkward. From his way of speaking to his less-than-expressive facial movements, Tao unfortunately couldn’t rise above his limitations.After the critically derided X-Men Origins: Wolverine, the X-Men franchise softy reboot itself with First Class, a well-received hit that featured new actors in familiar roles and a different time period. Directed by Matthew Vaughn and starring James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, and Jennifer Lawrence, the film brought the franchise financial success and fan approval all around.However, one of the things that pretty much everyone hated about First Class was the performance of January Jones as Emma Frost. Lacking emotion and a noticeably lackluster delivery (especially for what was supposed to be an easy-to-grasp character) were noted shortcomings by many a fan and critic. This is even more apparent when compared to her co-stars, who were acclaimed for their work in the film, especially Fassbender as Magneto and McAvoy as Xavier. Thankfully for those who weren’t a fan of Jones, her character never returned to the franchise - for obvious reasons.Another classic epic by the ever beloved Stanley Kubrick, Barry Lyndon tells the tale of an Irishman that manages to fight and sleaze his way to riches. Famous for its gorgeous cinematography and exquisite period detail, the film was not a massive financial success at the time, but it managed to win four Oscars and was mostly well-received.However, some contemporary critics of the time (and even modern viewers) weren’t convinced by Ryan O’Neal. Playing the titular Barry Lyndon, O’Neal comes off as a bit awkward and out of place. It doesn’t help that O’Neal wasn’t actually from Ireland (though he has Irish heritage), and that he was most famous for being in soap operas and the film Love Story, thus making his acting and accent stick out more among his co-stars. That said, the film has managed to endure as an overlooked favorite, even if O’Neal can still be subject to criticism.The second film in the Indiana Jones franchise, Temple of Doom saw Harrison Ford return as the titular Indy, helping out local villagers locate their children, as well as a lost stone. He’s accompanied by the ever popular Short Round, as well as the ever so hated Willie Scott.While the film had a somewhat mixed response at the time, people seem to have come around on it over the years, and it's now very well liked among Indy and action-adventure fans….but the dislike for Kate Capshaw’s character has persisted. Whether she’s being annoying, yelping Indy’s name, or being a general nuisance for everyone around her, any fan of this film can agree that she’s the worst thing it has going for it. That said, Capshaw has admitted how terrible she thinks the character is, and director Steven Spielberg himself isn’t a big fan of the film itself.Directed by Martin Scorsese, Gangs of New York focused on the titular city during the mid-1800s, during which many Irish immigrated into the city. The film focuses on the infamous Five Points area of Manhattan, the people who lived there, and the ruthless men who were in charge. The film starred Leonardo DiCaprio and, most notably, Daniel Day-Lewis, whose character William Cutting is well regarded as a favorite among the actor’s fans.The film also starred Cameron Diaz, who is often seen as a much inferior inclusion of the film. Whether it’s her awkward acting, atrocious accent, or complete lack of chemistry with DiCaprio, Diaz sticks out more than she should. While her performance may not have ruined the film’s overall reputation, there’s a reason she’s almost never mentioned when this film is talked about.Rogue One focuses on a group of soldiers who find the information critical for blowing up the Death Star. With an ensemble cast focused on just this single but important mission, the film is the first spin-off Star Wars film after the acquisition of Lucasfilm by Disney, and it proved to be a massive success.The movie isn’t flawless, however, and one of its biggest issues comes in the form of actor Forest Whitaker. While the film is able to juggle and justify other characters with ease, Whitaker’s performance is bizarre, his voice is hard to understand, and his character as a whole is heavily underused. He essentially shows up for a few scenes here and there, and then is quickly gotten rid of in embarrassing fashion. It can be easily argued that he didn’t even need to exist, especially when his screen time was so minimal to begin with. Not that we wanted to spend more time with him anyway.Directed by Bong Joon-ho (The Host, Snowpiercer), Okja is the simple story of a girl and her genetically-enhanced pig, and those that want to keep them apart. Distributed by and streamed over Netflix, the film has garnered much acclaim for being an imaginative and biting film about love and capitalism.Among the familiar faces in the cast is none other than Jake Gyllenhaal, whose performance in Okja has been deemed... questionable at best. While his role as Dr. Johnny might be intentionally wacky, it’s very possible Gyllenhaal went a bit overboard, resulting in a character that's turned off more than a few viewers. It might make more sense within the world of the film and the overall context presented, but even when you’re supposed to be crazy and wild, it can still come off as obnoxious.Arguably Luc Besson’s crowning cinematic achievement, The Fifth Element stars Bruce Willis as a taxi driver in futuristic New York City, who gets swept up in an out-of-this-world adventure featuring the likes of Milla Jovovich and Gary Oldman. With fantastic special (and make-up) effects, crazy costumes, and an endlessly entertaining cast of characters, the film has continued to gain a following in the nearly twenty years since its release.However, there are some who can’t enjoy the film like others, due entirely to Chris Tucker. Playing the all-over-the-place Ruby Rhod, Tucker is high energy and in your face, something that definitely has turned some folks off. This is likely going to be the most contentious entry on our list, as Tucker’s performance certainly has its share of fans, but even his most vocal supporters should be able to understand why some find Ruby Rhod to be absolutely exhausting.Bringing back the Dark Knight after a few years away from the big screen (you can thank Batman & Robin for that), Batman Begins was a critically adored reintroduction of the wildly popular character. Directed by Christopher Nolan and starring Christian Bale, among many others, including Michael Caine, Morgan Freeman, and Liam Neeson, the reboot was a triumph that changed the superhero movie genre forever.The film also starred Katie Holmes as Bruce Wayne’s old friend and love interest, Rachael Dawes. While almost everything about Batman Begins was well received, Holmes’ performance was not one of the high points. Described by many as an emotionless stock love interest character complete with poor line deliveries, Holmes was clearly not a favorite. Her role was later recast, with Maggie Gyllenhaal taking her place in The Dark Knight, and few would argue that the change wasn't for the best.Based off Truman Capote’s novella, Breakfast at Tiffany’s stars Audrey Hepburn as Holly, a socialite who makes her way in the world by engaging with wealthier folk. It’s easily Hepburn’s most iconic performance, and the movie itself won Academy Awards for Best Original Song and Best Original Score.But while the film has mostly remained popular and acclaimed, Mickey Rooney’s performance as the Japanese Mr. Yunioshi has remained as controversial as ever. On top of being an exaggerated and offensive caricature of Asian-Americans, the very fact that it’s played by a Caucasian man is enough to reasonably bother those that would otherwise enjoy the film. Breakfast at Tiffany's is undoubtedly a classic, but Rooney's work has remained a sour spot in an otherwise well regarded piece of entertainment.--What other poor performances completely took you out of otherwise great movies? Let us know in the comments.Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
Hollywood has a tradition of families appearing in movies and on TV over generations. For example, within the Barrymore clan, cinema royalty that began with John and Ethel and reaches Drew.Audiences have enjoyed watching Hollywood dynasties built on the silver screen. Families like the Arquettes, the Clooneys, and the Chaplins have created lasting memories and enduring legacies over their generations on screen.Fans also can’t help but draw comparisons and make hierarchies. When three generations of actors exist, it is human nature to rank them by talent, popularity, and many other factors.It’s nearly impossible to watch a Sophia Coppola film without remembering her upbringing among some of the greatest movies of all time made by her father, Francis Ford Coppola.More often than not, a second-generation actor has a harder time finding true recognition and popularity outside the scope of their famous parent. For every Gwyneth Paltrow that stakes her own career free from her mother Blythe Danner, there are many more like Desi Arnaz, Jr., who could never escape the inevitable comparisons that came with the famous name.This list breaks down some famousactors and weighs their skill, popularity, and overall body of work against that of their previously established actor fathers.With that said, here are the 10 Second-Generation Actors Who Surpassed Their Fathers (And 10 Who Did NOT).Click the button below to start this article in quick viewEric Roberts’ star-making turn in 1983’s Star 80 led to a very successful run of films for the decade. The Pope of Greenwich Village, The Coca-Cola Kid, and Runaway Train all arrived then, and he finished out the decade with the franchise-starter Best of the Best.However, the 1990s and the new millennium led to numerous direct-to-video releases. For every high-end project like The Dark Knight or Inherent Vice, there were twenty titles like Stiletto Dance or Border Blues.His daughter, Emma, broke through on the Nickelodeon series Unfabulous and in Nancy Drew. She made comedies like It’s Kind of a Funny Story and We’re the Millers before finding her niche in horror.She appeared in Scream 4 and critical darling The Blackcoat’s Daughter, and her TV work on American Horror Story and Scream Queens gained her mass appeal.By the time Jason Connery scored the lead role in BBC’s Robin Hood in 1986 and played James Bond’s creator in the movie The Secret Life of Ian Fleming in 1990, his father had completed his six entries as James Bond and already had the same role in Robin and Marian.While Jason turned up in recurring roles on series like Smallville and General Hospital, Sean made himself a household name in franchises like Highlander and Indiana Jones. Sean’s caliber of action movie are films like The Hunt for Red October and The Rock, Jason was largely confined to TV movies like Bullet to Beijing.Even their voice work shows the disparity-- Sean voiced the dragon in Dragonheart, while Jason voiced characters in cheap direct-to-video rip-offs of Aladdin and Beauty and the Beast.Bruce Dern is an American icon, from appearances in John Wayne westerns like The Cowboys to classic science fiction like Silent Running to a comedic turn in The ‘Burbs.He was nominated for an Oscar for Nebraska and appeared in HBO’s prestige drama Big Love. He even worked with Quentin Tarantino in Django Unchained and The Hateful Eight.He's a hard act to follow, but Laura Dern was ready for the challenge. She’s had a fruitful decades-long partnership with David Lynch, starting with Blue Velvet and now the recent Twin Peaks relaunch. She brought emotion to the roller coaster of Jurassic Park, and had her own prestige HBO drama with Enlightened.She also had time to get an Oscar nomination for Wild and an Emmy nomination for Big Little Lies, and she’s now a Star Wars character.Both Brendan and Domhnall have appeared in the Harry Potter franchise, but Domhnall is a staple of the new Star Wars series, so that could mean Domhnall has surpassed his father. He even had roles in the chilling sci-fi parable Ex Machina and the gritty awards darling The Revenant. What could Brendan possibly do to top that?However, Brendan has cast a long shadow. He has appeared in Braveheart, The General, AI, and 28 Days Later, as well as epic period pieces like Cold Mountain and Kingdom of Heaven, crime films like Gangs of New York and In Bruges, and action films like Mission: Impossible II and Edge of Tomorrow.He worked with directors like Martin Scorsese, Ridley Scott, Martin McDonagh, Robert Zemeckis, M. Night Shyamalan, Steven Spielberg, John Boorman, and Neil Jordan. Also, he’s in Paddington 2.Jon Voight leapt from television to the big screen with Midnight Cowboy, for which he was nominated for a best actor Oscar. His run of films in the 1970s was impressive-- Catch-22, Deliverance, and Coming Home are all classic films.Though he would occasionally approach that greatness again with Heat and Mission: Impossible, he increasingly got lost in big, bad action movies like Anaconda, Enemy of the State, and Most Wanted. Most recently, he won a Golden Globe for his work on Ray Donovan.Somehow, his daughter is even more famous. From her Oscar-winning performance in Girl, Interrupted, Jolie played roles in action movies (Lara Croft: Tomb Raider and Salt), thrillers (Mr. &  Mrs. Smith and Wanted), and even secured another Oscar nomination for Changeling.She also teamed with Disney for the huge success of Maleficent.Max Irons is an actor/model who started acting in 2004 in Being Julia. He appeared in big-budget YA films Red Riding Hood and The Host, and played the role of King Edward on the mini-series The White Queen. He also appeared alongside Helen Mirren in Woman in Gold and in the star-studded Agatha Christie mystery Crooked House.However, Jeremy Irons worked in TV for years before making waves in the Oscar-nominated The French Lieutenant’s Woman. He later won an Oscar for Reversal of Fortune, and his presence in film became ubiquitous.He also lent his voice to The Lion King, played a villain in Die Hard with a Vengeance, and appeared big budget remakes of The Man in the Iron Mask and The Time Machine. He was nominated for a Golden Globe for his run on The Borgias and currently plays butler Alfred in the DCEU.John Astin has an immediately recognizable face, based mostly on his performance as Gomez on The Addams Family. His only Oscar nomination strangely came from a short film he wrote and directed, but he is also remembered for roles in the Killer Tomatoes franchise, Eerie Indiana, and the Peter Jackson film The Frighteners.Peter Jackson also worked with John’s son, Sean, on the wildly popular Lord of the Rings trilogy. Sean was already well known from The Goonies and Rudy, and he followed up the trilogy with a series appearance on 24.He is more recently known for his voice work in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Justice League Action and his role on FX’s The Strain. He exploded back into popular consciousness as the unlikely hero Bob Newby in season two of Stranger Things.For many, Peter Fonda in Easy Rider defines a generation. He is synonymous with the character, and with the exception of the excellent, Oscar-nominated Ulee’s Gold, many of his roles play off people’s recognition of that character.From his appearances in The Cannonball Run, Ghost Rider, and Wild Hogs to the 1960s love letter The Limey, all of them hold a reverence for the single role Fonda is remembered as.Henry Fonda, however, has left audiences many memories from many characters. He plays the juror in 12 Angry Men, has played western heroes in How the West Was Won and The Ox-Bow Incident and political figures in Advise & Consent and Fail-Safe. He also portrayed the rare villain in Once Upon a Time in the West. He ended his career with an Oscar win for his next to last film, On Golden Pond.Carl and Rob Reiner have more in common than blood and last name. They are both famous for being occasional actors that also work successfully behind the camera in many capacities.Carl came to prominence as a performer on Caesar’s Hour, then as the creator and writer of The Dick Van Dyke Show. He is known for his direction of several Steve Martin films: The Jerk, Dead Men Don’t Wear Plaid, The Man with Two Brains, and All of Me.Rob became a household name acting on All in the Family, and he also acted in his first feature film, This is Spinal Tap. His directing career flourished with Misery, the Oscar-nominated A Few Good Men, Stand by Me, and The Princess Bride, many of which are modern classics.Emilio Estevez was a 1980s phenomenon. He started in The Outsiders and became iconic in The Breakfast Club and St. Elmo’s Fire. Action films like Maximum Overdrive and Stakeout broadened his appeal, and he worked with brother Charlie Sheen in Young Guns and Men at Work.Though he continued with franchises, making a Stakeout sequel and three Mighty Ducks films, his box office draw waned, and he turned to directing the excellent Bobby and The Way.Martin Sheen exploded onto the screen in Terence Malick’s Badlands, then made an indelible impression in Apocalypse Now. He did the Steven King one-two punch of The Dead Zone and Firestarter, and he appeared alongside son Charlie in Wall Street.Success continued into the new millennium with The Departed and The West Wing, which earned him a Golden Globe award.Donald Sutherland has a distinctive look and a distinctive career. Unique early performances from The Dirty Dozen and M*A*S*H captured his unusual presence, and he continued that roll with a part in Don’t Look Now and his Golden Globe-nominated Ordinary People performance.He has consistently worked through the years, from JFK to Space Cowboys to The Hunger Games.His son, Kiefer, got attention in the back-to-back films Stand by Me and The Lost Boys. The Young Guns films and A Few Good Men gave him box office clout, and he broke the boundary between film and television when he starred in the massive hit series 24.After a slight misstep with Touch, Sutherland returned to television with another hit series, Designated Survivor.Ron Howard’s acting career began on The Andy Griffith Show but mostly ended a few years later with Happy Days.While he still made cameo appearances in his own films and played himself in other people’s work (like Welcome to Hollywood and Arrested Development), he primarily became a successful director of films like Apollo 13, A Beautiful Mind, and The Da Vinci Code.Rance Howard, however, never stopped acting. He began working on Kraft Theatre in 1956, and was a staple on television for decades.He appeared on his son’s shows, Gentle Ben, Bonanza, and The Waltons. He also had roles in many of his son’s movies, and acted up until he sadly passed away in November of 2017.Appearing in Nebraska, Babylon 5, The X-Files, and ER, Rance appeared in so many roles that he might be more recognizable than his son.Jerry Stiller is excellent at a very specific type of comedy character. Loud, boorish, and humorously annoying, he has portrayed variations on that theme on Seinfeld and The King of Queens, and voice work on Teacher’s Pet, Fish Hooks, and The Lion King 1 ½. He even had a similar role as an agent in his son Ben’s film, Zoolander, and its sequel.Ben, however, has a more versatile comedic presence, and he has exercised it to great effect. From the hit franchises Night at the Museum and Meet the Parents to Starsky & Hutch and Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story, Ben disappears into his comedic characters.He lampooned himself in Curb Your Enthusiasm, and he directed hits like Tropic Thunder and Zoolander. He even ventured into more serious territory with Greenberg and The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected).After a run of Swedish films and television, Alexander Skarsgaard came to American prominence with a string of HBO hits. First he was in Generation Kill from the creator of The Wire.Then, he appeared in the horror phenomenon of True Blood, and most recently, he won an Emmy for his dark turn on Big Little Lies. In between those series, he made the sci-fi films Battleship and The Giver, as well as played the lead in the surprise blockbuster hit Tarzan.However, father Stellan can’t be matched in sheer output. His franchises include: Exorcist, Pirates of the Caribbean, and The Avengers, as well as musicals Dancer in the Dark and Mamma Mia!In addition, he had roles in action extravaganzas, such as Ronin and Deep Blue Sea, and in Oscar contenders like Good Will Hunting, Breaking the Waves, and Amistad. He worked with arthouse auteur Lars von Trier and somehow also appeared on Entourage.Kirk Douglas was a classic Hollywood star, portraying rugged and imposing figures in Out of the Past and 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. He portrayed Van Gogh in Lust for Life and broke the Hollywood Blacklist with his film Spartacus.His hardened charisma lasted him through to the 1980s in films like Tough Guys, but he was an odd fit for more modern sci-fi like Saturn 3 and The Final Countdown.His son, Michael, stepped out of his shadow by embracing character roles that were flawed, weak, and complex. From his early work in Coma and The China Syndrome, Michael knew how to choose a winner.The streak continued with Romancing the Stone, Fatal Attraction, Wall Street, and Basic Instinct. His partnership with director Steven Soderbergh, as well as his appearance in Ant Man, have kept him popular over the decades.Richard Harris was a cinematic force of nature. From Gladiator to Unforgiven and Camelot to The Bible: In the Beginning, Richard burned his memory into so many memorable roles.It was a tragedy when he passed away after playing Dumbledore in two Harry Potter films, and it still seems like he was around much longer in the series.His son, Jared, has distinguished himself nicely, appearing in top-notch TV series like Fringe, Mad Men, and The Ascent. He was also a BAFTA nominee for his work in The Crown.He has appeared in one-off remakes of The Man from UNCLE and Poltergeist, and played the titular role in I Shot Andy Warhol. He is a great actor, but has never overshadowed his father’s legacy.Lloyd Bridges is a versatile actor. Audiences knew him early on as the lead of Sea Hunt and the center of the dramatic series The Lloyd Bridges Show.His career took an interesting turn in later years, when he began embracing comedy in movies like Airplane and Hot Shots and even earning an Emmy nomination for his comedic performance on Seinfeld.In between, he appeared in numerous beloved works like Blown Away, Mission: Impossible, Roots, and Battlestar Galactica.His son, Jeff, first appeared on-screen in his dad’s series Sea Hunt, but it wasn’t long before his career blossomed. He was Oscar nominated for The Last Picture Show, ultimately being nominated for six more Oscars and winning one for Crazy Heart.He has appeared in popular franchises like TRON, Iron Man, and Kingsman, and is forever remembered as The Dude in The Big Lebowski.Sometimes, it seems like Jake Busey is working uphill. His unusual looks make him a character actor suited to eccentric roles like Tomcats and Christmas with the Kranks, criminal parts like Identity, or roles in the vampire series From Dusk Till Dawn. He pops up in mainstream work like Ray Donovan or The Closer, but usually appears in one-off roles.The biggest thing that Jake works against is the memory of his father, Gary. As a force of nature early in his career, Gary wowed fans in Straight Time and earned an Oscar nomination for his role in The Buddy Holly Story.He was an action mainstay in Lethal Weapon, Under Siege, and Point Break. A motorcycle accident and a battle with cancer left Gary functional but eccentric, and his public persona from Celebrity Apprentice and elsewhere casts a long shadow.For a while, it seemed like James Brolin was destined to be the most famous Brolin. When Josh first appeared on-screen in The Goonies, James had already been in Westworld, The Amityville Horror, and the hit series Marcus Welby, MD. Josh appeared in TV movies and single-season TV series, while James headlined the hit series Hotel.However, the 1990s started shifting, as James was relegated mainly to TV movie appearances and Josh started to break out in film with Nightwatch and Mimic. The big shift hit for Josh in 2008 with Oscar-winning No Country for Old Men, which led to roles in W., American Gangster, and True Grit.Now, James has a recurring role on the TV comedy Life in Pieces, and Josh appears in arthouse hits like Inherent Vice and franchises like Men in Black, Sin City, and The Avengers.When you look as much like your dad as Colin Hanks does, it’s tough to get out of that shadow. However, Colin has tried his best with TV roles in great shows (Mad Men, Dexter, and Fargo) and prominent theatrical releases, such as King Kong and Vacation. He currently appears as Greg on the TV comedy Life in Pieces.The problem is, though, that his dad is Tom Hanks. He played Woody from Toy Story and had roles in Saving Private Ryan, Sleepless in Seattle, and Forrest Gump.He’s David S. Pumpkins, and he made audiences cry at the loss of a volleyball named Wilson in Cast Away. There is no bigger star on the planet. He can play both historical figures (Apollo 13, Captain Phillips, Sully) as effortlessly as he can lead comedies (The ‘Burbs, Big).There’s nothing that Tom Hanks can’t do.---Can you think of any other actors who surpassed (or weren't able to surpass) their famous fathers? Sound off in the comments!Subscribe for the hottest movie, TV, and gaming news!*I agree to let Screen Rant send me emails.
