From The Essential W.S. Merwin"Writing isn’t hard work, it’s a nightmare."On the Cherry Blossom Tree and the English Gardener Who Saved It 
Tweets by @Lithub
Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
A Conversation Between Greats, When They Were UnknownBreast Exams, Harry Mathews, and Maybe (Just Maybe) the Lines of a StoryIn Conversation with Brad Listi on Otherppl
Tweets by @Lithub
Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
T Kira Madden Wants You to See the WiresGabrielle Bellot on Power, Authority, and the Women in Her LifeWriting the Playbook for Online Authoritarianism
Tweets by @Lithub
Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
This was the summer they entered phone booths and ran out shrieking. They were ten, flat-chested in bathing suits. Secrets smooth as sea glass. Limbs wrung like seaweed. They crowded into payphones, sweat-sticky and iridescent with sunscreen.No one could say where the number came from. It seemed to them that one day it just appeared—a line thrown across some unfathomable breach.You’ve reached 1-800-FAT-GIRL. We’ve got plenty of girls to go allthe way around. So pull it out and stick it in. Your credit card, that is.Each time it was the same: they ran from the phone booth shrieking, gasping from laughter.The fat girl’s voice was watery and strange. The oldest heard an echo. The youngest, a ghost. The quietest said it was like a seashell, the ocean rolling in your ear.Where did the fat girls live? A basement, someone said. A cave. Maybe in a cave made of fat.How could a cave be made of fat?It would be all gloopy. Like one big waterbed.The fat girls slept on waterbeds—this was the one thing on which they all agreed.Days, they tanned in front yards. They draped themselves across towels, eyes low and watchful, darting like bees.They tanned. They chanted. They stole the baseball caps of boys.They were shameless. They were bored.What do the fat girls do if nobody calls? They just sit around. Eat jelly from the jar.Time’s different there. It doesn’t move except when someone calls.At night, the fat girl’s voice followed them. It hummed nothing songs. Sat around leafing through their older sisters’ magazines. When their parents fought, it snuck outside, kept them company on the swings. Even in the dark, you knew it was always there—an ocean rolling toward infinity.They watched. They whispered. They grew their secrets like pearls. At night, they dreamt their houses were on fire. Dream air pinned them down.Their secrets changed, then changed again. They parsed the world for hidden clues: song lyrics, radio ads, the passing comments of neighbors. She’ll be a looker when she grows up.They looked. They whispered. They threw themselves at each other’s older brothers. At night, they burned up in secret flames.Years passed. Their fathers blushed and turned away. Their mothers lay passed out on the couch. Their older sisters became black holes, perpetual disappearances in the night.They still threw themselves at each other’s older brothers, but only when no one was looking, only in the dark. They became ascetics, eating nothing. They became ravenous, eating everything. They didn’t remember the fat girl. Their eyes lost their sting.It was the youngest who heard it again, one night wandering sleepless through her house. She’d woken from a dream of eating everying inside the refrigerator, and she moved through the dark hall, panicked, to see if it was true. When she saw that it wasn’t, she stood still for a minute, transfixed by the glow of the open door as though waiting for a sign.At school the next day, the others stared at her blankly.Heard what? they asked.The voice. The fat girl. They shook their heads. Remember? The payphone?They blushed and turned away. It was like stumbling upon evidence of a self they’d long since disavowed. They didn’t like to be reminded.But that night, the voice pricked them each awake. When they finally drifted uneasily into sleep, it dripped like a leaky faucet through their dreams.They endured the school day, then assembled wordlessly in the hall. They looked at each other and gave slow nods.That night, in the phone booth, it was the youngest who dialed, squinting at the numbers on her mother’s credit card. The others held their breath, leaned in close.Yeah? The voice sounded tired, like they’d disturbed her from sleep.Hi, said the oldest, louder than she meant to. A pause.You girls, the fat girl said finally. You used to call and run away shrieking. They blushed in the dark. So what if it was us?So nothing. I liked you better then, is all. I got to sit around all day on the waterbed, eat jelly from the jar. Now it’s a new operator, new rules. The fat girl sighed like they couldn’t understand.So what do you do now?That’s the problem: it’s like floating around a black hole. Or like being one. Everything goes into you and nothing sticks. A story running backward till you’re nothing at all.When they called again the next night and the next, the fat girl laughed. Knew you’d be back, she said.They became insomniacs, sliding around all directions of the night. Everywhere they went, the fat girl’s voice followed, sweet and terrible as a lullaby.Tell us more about how it used to be. Used to be when?When we used to call.Well, there was a cave, for one thing. And I could hear the ocean, for another. Doesn’t that sound lovely?Yes, they agreed. Lovely.And I had a whole necklace full of pearls. Each one used to sing to me in the night.At school, they never spoke of the fat girl. Days were hard and full of edges. At night, they became formless, fleshless. The dark opened like a valve.Sometimes the voice dared them: You could burn this house down, it said. You could.The nights grew wide, and they wandered, sleepless. They swallowed pills, lied about their ages. Climbed in and out of the backs of cars. They watched from someplace outside their bodies as dream air pinned them down. Sometimes they had the feeling this was a story they’d heard already, that the fat girl had always been there, narrating in their ears.A story moving backward. In which case, the fathers they remembered would soon return. Their mothers would startle awake. Their sisters would emerge from the backs of cars, unvanished from the dark. The nights would grow smaller and opaque with sleep— tiny as pearls, closing back inside the heart.They themselves would grow younger. They’d grow sure and true—limbs wrung like seaweed, secrets smooth as sea glass. It would be like running toward the ocean at night: you couldn’t see it, but you knew it was there. Relics and sea life beneath the waves.Or they’d emerge: fleshless, formless, their hearts flung open.Pearls everywhere, spangled like stars.__________________________________From Dead Girls and Other Stories. Used with permission of Dzanc Books. “1-800-FAT-GIRL” originally appeared in American Short Fiction. Copyright © 2017 by Emily Geminder.
Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
Every writer dreams of leaving a literary legacy that will last longer than they do. But probably, if they got to choose, they would want to enjoy at least some of it before they died. After all, what use is it to Franz Kafka that we all still talk about him in 2018? Not a lot, I’d wager. He probably would have appreciated those book sales during his lifetime. So as a warning, or as a comfort, fully depending on how morbid you are, here are ten writers whose best work (acknowledging that “best” is subjective, and in some cases worth debating) was published after their death. Eat your veggies, writers, lest this happen to you. Or just rest easy with that big steak over there, in the hope that even after death, your hopes of literary fame may not be entirely quashed.Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and MargaritaManuscripts may not burn—but they do get buried. Bulgakov died in 1940, and his masterpiece didn’t see the light of day until 1973. Well, not all of it, anyway: a censored version was serialized in Moscow magazine beginning in 1966, and then published as a single volume in 1967, and the slightly more complete samizdat version was published in 1969, but it wasn’t until 1973 that this hilarious, monstrous beauty showed itself in full form.Sylvia Plath, ArielThe Bell Jar was published during Plath’s life—barely—but that hardly matters, because while the novel is good, poetry was Plath’s real area of brilliance, and Ariel, despite Ted Hughes’s meddling, is a nearly perfect book. Ariel was only the first of seven volumes of poetry to be published after Plath’s death (including the restored edition in 2004); in 1982, she won a posthumous Pultizer prize for her Collected Poems. (That’s not even counting all the letters and ephemera and their attendant bikini-controversies.) We may not really know the full extent of the fuckery Hughes got up to with his more-talented wife’s legacy, but we can still appreciate what we’ve got.John Kennedy Toole, A Confederacy of DuncesWell, speaking of Pulitzer prizes. After John Kennedy Toole’s suicide at the age of 31, his mother found a carbon copy of a manuscript for a novel in one of his drawers. She tried for years to get it published, but was turned away by everyone she contacted, except (eventually) the writer and professor Walker Percy. She showed up at his office, manuscript in hand. He felt forced to read it. But then—well, he loved it. A Confederacy of Dunces was published in 1980, eleven years after Toole’s suicide, and won the Pulitzer prize in fiction the next year.Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily DickinsonLegendary recluse and star baker Emily Dickinson had almost no poems published in her lifetime, despite the fact that she wrote over two thousand of them. It wasn’t until after her death in 1886 that her sister Lavinia—instructed to destroy her correspondence, but with no instructions on the poetry—began to try to get them published. A heavily edited version came out in 1890, followed by many volumes and editions, but it wasn’t until 1955 that Thomas H. Johnson published this complete and correct collection of Dickinson’s many mini-masterpieces.Roberto Bolaño, 2666Some may like The Savage Detectives better, or appreciate the slim joy of Antwerp, but it’s safe to say that 2666 was Bolaño’s masterpiece. Bolaño never finished the novel—”There are more than a thousand pages that I have to correct,” he said a month before his death in 2003—”It’s a job for a 19th century miner.” He died while awaiting a liver transplant. When the book was published in 2004 in Spain, and 2008 in the US, it was widely hearalded as one of the best books of the year, if not the century. It is certainly the book for while Bolaño will be forever remembered.Irène Némirovsky, Suite FrançaiseIrène Némirovsky was an established author in France in the 1930s, and published fourteen books in her lifetime. But despite this, she was never granted French citizenship, and in 1942, she was arrested as “a stateless person of Jewish descent” and was sent to Auschwitz, where she quickly died of typhus. She left behind a notebook, which her daughter Denise kept for fifty years, thinking it would be too difficult to read—it wasn’t until the 90s that she, thinking she might donate her mother’s papers, looked inside. She found two complete novellas, crammed into the notebook in tiny handwriting, and instead of donating them, she published them as Suite Française, which became a bestseller and introduced modern readers to her work, which had until then been largely forgotten.Stieg Larsson, The Millennium TrilogyLarsson was a journalist who had never written a novel before beginning his now-famous Millennium Trilogy in the summer of 2002. He had planned ten books, and according to his partner, after the first three he had planned to give the proceeds (he was sure there would be proceeds) to charity. After writing the first two books and part of the third, he sold them to a Swedish publisher. But Larsson died of a heart attack in 2004, before any of the books were published. Now, of course, the franchise he created is an international sensation that has continued after his death.James Agee, A Death in the FamilyThe third posthumous Pulitzer prize on this list goes to James Agee, for his remarkable autobiographical novel A Death in the Family, which he was still working on when he died in 1955. Yes, Agee published Let Us Now Praise Famous Men in 1941, and that’s fantastic, and certainly a masterpiece, but I would claim A Death in the Family as his best work. It was edited by David McDowell and published in 1957. A second version, edited by Michael Lofaro, who argued his edition was closer to Agee’s vision, was published in 2007.Hans Fallada, Every Man Dies AloneHans Fallada (the pen name of semi-deranged German writer Rudolf Ditzen) is another prolific author who is best remembered for a book published after his death—just weeks after, in this case. Reportedly, Fallada wrote this novel, based on a real-life German couple’s underground anti-Nazi postcard-writing campaign, in a mere 24 days. It was published in 1947 in Germany, and is often cited as one of the first anti-Nazi novels published by a German (in fact, Primo Levi called it “the greatest book ever written about German resistance to the Nazis”), but wasn’t translated into English until 2009, at which point it quickly became an international bestseller.Franz Kafka, The TrialNow, this is a little bit of a stretch, because I personally think Kafka was not a novelist, but a short story writer, and that, taken as a whole, his stories eclipse The Trial in terms of both quality and import. I mean, “The Penal Colony” by itself is better than The Trial. That said, I may be somewhat in the minority in this opinion, and The Trial is arguably the most famous of his work (it’s a close call with The Metamorphosis, I suppose). At any rate, it is certainly his best novel. Famously, he instructed Max Brod to burn it after his death, along with all his other unpublished work, and it’s only because Brod defied his best friend’s dying wish that we are blessed with so much Kafka today.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
On your local bookshop shelves, you’re not likely to find much literature translated from the original Arabic. You are likely to find what scholar Lila Abu-Lughod has called the “saving Muslim women” memoirs: titles characterized by themes of “coercion and lack of consent, absence of choice, and unfreedom.” To jog your memory, their dust jackets often feature a niqab-clad beauty with only her kohl-rimmed eyes peeking out.Abu-Lughod has referred to these persistent best-sellers as “literary trafficking,” and it’s easy to churn out more in this vein, particularly as they’re usually written in English. Or we can get behind the boulder and push our readerships toward original creative work by Arab women.In searching for great Arabophone work by women, we do run into another issue: Arab women writers get less institutional support. The International Prize for Arabic Fiction (IPAF)—like many other literary prizes around the world—has had problems celebrating the best books by women. In the same year that IPAF judges defended their “pure literary criteria,” which largely excluded women, Basma Abdel Aziz’s brilliant The Queue (2013) failed to make even the longlist. The next year, Hanan al-Shaykh’s Virgins of Londonistan (2014) didn’t make the longlist, either.Of course, publishers can always do what al-Shaykh suggested in an interview with Literature Across Frontiers: “Go and look properly[!]” Below is your proper-ish start.Malakut Hadhihi-l-Ard (Kingdom of This Earth), Hoda Barakat (Dar al-Adab, 2010)Kingdom of This Earth is the latest novel by 2015 Man Booker International finalist Hoda Barakat, one of the freshest, most fearless and original writers working in Arabic. Kingdom of This Earth, Barakat’s fifth, was longlisted for the International Prize for Arabic Fiction. It’s set in a small Maronite community and begins in the 1920s and ends at the brink of the Lebanese civil war, in the 1970s. It’s a meditation on the possibilities and impossibilities of human community: from family to neighborhood to sect to nation to humanity. Barakat’s dense interleaving of landscape, voice, and the lives of two, Salma and Tannous, brings these issues sharply to life. Represented by Yasmina Jraissati at RAYA Agency.Mina (Mina), Sahar Mandour (Dar al-Adab, 2013)Sahar Mandour is an exciting young Lebanese-Egyptian author, TV host, and the editor of the youth pages of the Lebanese newspaper Al Safer, and is one of the young writers most mentioned by other writers. Her 2010 novel, 32, which follows the life of a young woman, her four female friends, and a Sri Lankan domestic worker, is just out in translation from Syracuse University Press. Mina is about a thirty-something, award-winning gay actress living in Beirut who is outed in a local magazine and forced to leave Beirut, only to return a year later. Part of a growing body of literature in Lebanon exploring the lives of the LGBTQ.Athqal min Radwa (Heavier than Radwa) and Al-sarkha (The Scream), Radwa Ashour (Dar al-Shorouk, 2013 & 2015) Radwa Ashour’s two-part autobiography Athqal min Radwa (Heavier than Radwa) and Al-sarkha (The Scream) is both a pivotal feminist work and an important contribution to memoir-writing in Arabic. Like her Spectres (trans. Barbara Romaine 2010), these two books have a masterful ability to link personal and national worries, asserting, “There is an option other than defeat… if we decide that we will not die before trying to live.” Captivating and fast-paced, this memoir portrays her larger-than-life family stories, her struggles to deal with state intervention in her academic work, a marriage to Palestinian poet Mourid Barghouti who is forced to live in exile, a life-long concern for an Egypt burdened by endless socio-economic, cultural and political struggles, an activist life that culminates in witnessing the unfolding of the Arab Spring in between several cancer operations and treatments. Stylistically, the work marries poems and aphorisms to the fabric of life in a memoir that can be read as a novel. Rights with Mourid Barghouti.Al-Rihla (The Journey: An Egyptian Student’s American Memoirs), Radwa Ashour (Dar al Adab, 1983)These are Ashour’s memoirs of 1973-1975, her years doing a PhD in Massachusetts on African-American Literature, and they work to tie together struggles in the US, Palestine, and Egypt, much like Angela Davis’s Freedom is a Constant Struggle: Ferguson, Palestine, and the Foundations of a Movement does from a US vantage. A pioneering look at the United States through the eyes of one of Egypt’s major writers. Rights with Mourid Barghouti; contact translator Michelle Hartman.Mulakhas ma jara (The Gist of It), Rasha Abbas (Dar al-Mutwasit, 2016) Abbas is a Syrian short-story writer who currently lives in Berlin. Her stories fall apart, explode, turn themselves inside out, howl, and force language in new directions in order to echo the lives broken in a ripping, broken, wailing war. Eclectic, intense, and often psychedelic, many of Abbas’s stories are dreamscapes that slide or plunge into haunting hyper-realism, operating within what translator Alice Guthrie calls “a punk aesthetic.” Guthrie has put together a reader’s report on Abbas’s short fiction for PEN.Sitt al-kol (Against the Tide), Taghreed al-Najjar (Dar al-Salwa, 2012) Al-Najjar’s debut YA novel, shortlisted for the Etisalat Prize for Arabic Children’s Literature, and soon to appear in Italian, was inspired by the real life of Madeleine Kulab, a girl in Gaza who took over her father’s fishing vessel to support her family. Sitt al-Kol is a story of a resilient Gazan girl whose father is both a burden and a support. It follows her as she struggles to find her way forward in a world where she is blocked by community expectations, Israeli fishing restrictions and soldiers, and more. Although it necessarily makes its way through heavy political territory, al-Najjar has a light touch. Rights Dar al-Salwa.Fi shaqa bab el-louk (The Apartment in Bab el-Louk), Donia Maher (Dar Merit, 2013)
 With art by Ahmed NadyCairo is one of the great spaces of contemporary graphic-novel experimentation (along with Beirut and Algiers), and the inaugural “CairoComix” awards, in October 2015, were dominated by female winners from Egypt and beyond. The Best Graphic Novel award, for instance, went to Egyptian artist Hanan al-Karargy for her graphic novelization of popular SF novelist Ahmed Khaled Tawfik’s Locust Effect. The inaugural Mahmoud Kahil awards, given out this January in Beirut, awarded its graphic-novel prize to Maher’s The Apartment in Bab el-Louk, a work that neither follows the rules of a traditional novel nor of a traditional graphic novel. It’s much more like a fabulous noir poem about Cairo, or a video installation, moving across time and space in surprising ways. Elisabeth Jaquette translated an excerpt for Words Without Borders and would love to translate the rest of the book.Manazil al-wahsha (Orbits of Loneliness), Duna Ghali (Dar al-Taweer, 2013)Duna Ghali’s Orbits of Loneliness is a novel that reveals the precarious relationship between mother and child during a time of war and siege in Iraq, both before and after the US military invasion. Although there have been Iraqi men’s fictional works translated about post-2003 Iraq (Sinan Antoon, Hassan Blasim), there have been none by women. This novel describes the complex relationship between a mother and her son, the loneliness and togetherness, the fears and harsh life under siege. It is a feminist novel that is incisive in its psychological complexity. An excerpt from the book, trans. Maia Tabet, is available on the Banipal website. It was also one of novelist Ibrahim Farghali’s choices for his two “favorites of 2013.”Baass al-awadem (Bus of Good People), Najwa Barakat (Dar al-Adab, 1996)Bus of Good People is set in an unidentified Arab town. An old bus parked in the central square, luggage precariously perched atop, is boarding passengers for a night-long journey. The passengers and their driver are an unlikely collection of people. As the bus hurtles along the one and only road out of town, confidences are exchanged, stories of misery are told, and relationships forged. Deep in the night, the journey becomes more perilous, both literally and figuratively, as the bus runs into a storm and violence breaks out among the passengers. Although Barakat is an important writer in post-Civil War Lebanon, only one of her novels—translated as Oh, Salaam! by Luke Leafgren—has appeared in English. Barakat is fearless in her pursuit of characters through the storm of community violence.Al-Hujurat wa qisas ukhra (Rooms and Other Stories), Eman Abd Al-Rahim (Kotob Khan, 2013)Abd al-Rahim was born in 1983 and began her writing career as a blogger. This debut novel, recommended by award-winning translator Samah Selim, was one of the achievements of a creative writing workshop sponsored by Kotob Khan, run by leading Egyptian novelist and poet Youssef Rakha. 5 more classics by women that haven’t been translated into English:Nazik al-Malaika, collected poetry. There are no collected works of this pioneering Iraqi poet.Safinaz Kazem’s Romantikayyet (1970), an account of Kazem’s years in America as a young student.Samira Azzam’s short story collection Al-Sa’aa w al-insaan (The Clock and the Man) (1963) Sahar Khalifeh’s Bab el-Saha (The Door to the Courtyard) (1990)Aisha Abd al-Rahman’s Alaa al-Jisr (1986). Abd al-Rahman is also known as Bint al-Shati.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
The ten books below are selections from Scott Esposito’s The Missing Books, available exclusively as an electronic download from his website. The Missing Books is a curated directory of nearly 100 books that don’t exist, but should. Its listings are taken from the ranks of books that have not yet been published (but might one day be), books within books, and books whose authors did not manage to ever complete.The Missing Books is a living document. As Esposito discovers more missing books (and as circumstances demand changes to this list) Esposito will update The Missing Books and release new editions. Anyone who purchases The Missing Books is entitled to all future versions of it, for free.The Passenger by Cormac McCarthy (Reputed manuscript-in-progress by Cormac McCarthy.)
McCarthy’s most recent novel, The Road, was published in 2006, ten years prior to the time of this writing; at no other point in McCarthy’s 50-year career has the author let such a span pass without publishing a new novel. He has reportedly filled this time with two major projects, The Passenger being the one about which the most is known. Some light was shed on The Passenger in August 2015 (creating a small media firestorm) when McCarthy appeared at a Lannan Foundation event where he reportedly read excerpts from the book. The Passenger is said to be a very long book set in New Orleans, and there is conjecture that it engages theoretical physics and tropes of science fiction to a large degree. Additionally, there are reports that the book has been continually pushed back and may at one time have had a 2016 release date.Margaret Atwood’s Contribution to the Future Library, and Others (Books that have been written, but will not be released until the year 2114.)
In 2014 Margaret Atwood became the first author to be asked to compose a text for the Future Library, a project conceived of by Katie Paterson during the summer of 2014 and managed by the Future Library Trust, with support from the City of Oslo, Norway. All of the Future Library volumes are slated for release in 2114. The contract for the Library restricts Atwood from divulging any of the contents of the book, other than the title, which is Scribbler Moon.Atwood duly submitted her manuscript in May 2015. David Mitchell, the second author selected for the Library, delivered From Me Flows What You Call Time on May 28, 2016.Ninety-eight more authors will contribute annually in the remaining years before 2114, and in that year editions of 1,000 copies each of the 100 books will be published. Certificates redeemable for the full Library can currently be purchased for £625. To-date the Future Library has not divulged the details of its editorial process (if any), nor the criteria for its Future Library authors, nor any indication of whether non-English-language authors will be chosen, and, if so, whether translations will be made.Printing Out the Internet (A conceptual work of art created by the conceptual poet and author Kenneth Goldsmith.)
In May 2013 he requested that fans print out the Internet and send the resultant paper to the art galley LABOR in Mexico City. He received approximately ten tons of paper from over 20,000 contributors but did not come close to printing the entire Internet, which at that time was estimated as consisting of approximately 305 billion pages and would weigh hundreds of millions of pounds. (One would guess that significant advances in binding and/or mass-production would be required to publish this book either as a single volume or series.) To date, no further effort has been made to complete this reference work, and Goldsmith recycled the papers he received for his exhibit, meaning that any future endeavor to print the Internet would have to start over from the beginning.Universe by Ron Silliman (Immense, multi-volume poem conceived of by language poet Ron Silliman.)
After completing his massive project The Alphabet (1979-2004, 26 books, over 1,000 pages), Silliman began work on an even more ambitious work titled Universe in 2005. Little is known about this 360-part poem, although according to the publisher of the series’ first volume, the entire project would require 300 years to complete. (Given Silliman’s current age, 70, it seems unlikely that he could author the entire poem singlehandedly.) The third volume, published in 2014 and declared the project’s “45th degree,” was titled Against Conceptual Poetry, which may be a broadside against Kenneth Goldsmith et al., or may be a conceptual poem itself.The Voynich Manuscript
A bizarre illustrated book that has been situated as from Northern Italy in the early 15th century, and which is named for the Polish book dealer who bought it in 1912. Composed in a language nobody has ever yet been able to read, it is a work that belongs to the future. All attempts to decode the Voynich Manuscript have proven futile; said futility has prompted speculation that the writing is meaningless, or hides meaning amid mostly meaningless characters (although statistical analysis has suggested that the markings in the Manuscript are consistent with those found in natural languages). Although it cannot currently be read by anyone on Earth, the book has inspired many contemporary novels, as well as a contemporary classical chamber piece titled The Voynich Cipher Manuscript. A facsimile edition was published in France in 2005, and a Spanish publisher is currently producing an 898-copy run to sell for around $10,000 each.The House on Eccles Street by Elizabeth Costello
A feminist revision of Joyce’s Ulysses by the South African author Elizabeth Costello, which title refers to the address (7 Eccles Street) where Joyce tells us that Molly Bloom lives with her husband, Leopold. In his book Elizabeth Costello, J.M. Coetzee describes how Costello (whose prestige, nationality, and age bear striking similarities to Coetzee’s) triumphs with this re-telling of Joyce’s Ulysses from the perspective of Molly Bloom. Coetzee gives no further indications as to the contents of this book, nor why Costello chose to revise Joyce in this manner (other than her obvious feminist and postmodern aesthetics). One imagines Costello’s work to be a subversive, postmodernist revision of a canonical source text, of the kind the Coetzee himself has previously made with Kafka (the final chapter of Costello), Dostoevsky (The Master of Petersburg), Defoe (Foe), and possibly Jesus Christ (The Childhood of Jesus, The Schooldays of Jesus).Untitled Work Uploaded to the Internet by Korin the Archivist
A fascinating and probably breathtakingly depressing work discovered in an obscure archive by an obscure archivist. This book is described by Krasznahorkai in his book War & War, where the author depicts it as a most fascinating and strange long-lost manuscript. Once Korin finds it, he becomes completely enraptured and dedicates his (too brief) life to uploading it to the Internet for the enlightenment of all humanity. The story is thus: Korin, a lowly bureaucrat, one day discovers this book in an enormous archive and is immediately possessed by the immense vitality and importance of the book, which he wants to preserve forever by placing it online. It seems that Korin succeeded, as Krasznahorkai lists where it can be found in War & War, but sadly (and all too typically) it seems that the contents of the Web domain have been removed. Thus, at this point we only have Krasznahorkai’s descriptions of the book, which include: “the manuscript was interested in one thing only, and that was reality examined to the point of madness“; and “but the fact that these are all part of a single monstrous, infernal, all-absorbing sentence that hits you, so you begin with one thing, but then a second thing comes along and then a third, and then the sentence returns to the first thing again, and so on, so the reader’s hopes are continually raised . . . so that he thinks he has got some kind of hold on the text, believe me when I say, as I said before . . . that the whole thing is unreadable, insane!!!” It seems both gratuitous and somehow necessary to remark that these descriptions could very well describe a work by Krasznahorkai himself.The Plant by Stephen King
An incomplete serial novel by Stephen King that would have dealt with an author who sends a creepy plant to his editor. Between 1982 and 1985 King sent installments of this book to friends as Christmas gifts, but then ceased work on the novel. In 2000 he resurrected it as an online ebook in which installments could be bought for $1 each on the honor system. King threatened to quit writing and selling the book if fewer than 75 percent of those who procured the book paid for it, seeming to view the venture, somewhat quixotically, as a way to demonstrate that “Big Publishing” could be brought to heel by Internet technologies.Unfortunately (and inevitably) the 75 percent threshold was passed, and King quit releasing the book. Happily for King, it is reported that he had made over half a million dollars from the failed experiment, having released some six installments in six months before quitting.Answered Prayers by Truman Capote (Unfinished last novel by Truman Capote, whose title famously derives from a quote by Saint Teresa of Ávila: “Answered prayers cause more tears than those that remain unanswered.”)
Although Capote signed the contract for this work in 1966 and did not die until nearly 20 years later (1984) he was never able to sustain progress in this major project, which he claimed would be comparable to Proust’s In Search of Lost Time. He did, however, manage to wring an enviable amount of money out of his failure: the first contract for Answered Prayers was good for a $25,000 advance; a subsequent 1969 contract netted the author $750,000 (close to $5 million in 2016 dollars); later, a 1980 agreement would have delivered the author $1 million more if he managed to complete the book by 1981. Three chapters of the book were published in Esquire in the 1970s, and there was a posthumous 1987 edition of the incomplete text.The Owl in Daylight by Philip K. Dick (Unfinished final project by Philip K. Dick.)
According to some reports, Dick claimed Daylight as his Finnegans Wake; other (perhaps corresponding) reports say that this book would have combined ideas of Beethoven as humanity’s most incandescent genius with visions of heaven as a bath of lights. Others have argued that the correct source for this book was Dante’s Divine Comedy, or that the story was to have involved ideas of a quantum leap in human evolution that would bring about new concepts of reality. Plot summaries abound, generally involving higher life-forms and/or godlike beings, and the little that can be said about Owl has been gleaned from hearsay and some letters Dick wrote. To add to the confusion, at one point the author’s former wife published a version of the book that she claimed reflected her understanding of the project, but it has since been removed from circulation. Supposedly, the title is a reference to our inability to understand, our blindness.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
We’re officially past the halfway point of season ten of RuPaul’s Drag Race, so obviously, I have begun to dread the end—and I’m sure, morbid as I am, I’m not alone. In recent months, RuPaul and Drag Race have been getting more popular than ever, so I’d imagine that there are many who, like me, immediately watch the new episode every week and then feel bereft. What to do? The answer is to turn off your television and read something, of course—but if you’re jonesing, you may as well read something drag-related. To that end, below is a starter reading list for Drag Race fans, from foundational theoretical texts on gender to great recent fabulist novels. After all, as we all know, say it with me: reading is fundamental.Judith Butler, Gender TroubleDespite the fact that it was published almost 30 years ago, Butler’s Gender Trouble is still an essential text when it comes to understanding gender—and particularly gender as performance, which is at the very heart of drag. If you don’t at least know the bare bones of Butler’s argument, you’re missing half of the subtext here.Jean Genet, Our Lady of the FlowersGenet wrote this novel, his first, from prison—twice. The first manuscript was confiscated and burned, but Genet persisted, rewriting the hallucinatory tale of the Parisian drag queen Divine (from whom the now-more-famous Divine got her name), “holy and murdered—by consumption” and her attendant lovers and leavers. It is a strange, opaque novel, but deeply rewarding, and almost certainly one of the best works of fiction written expressly to aid its author’s own jail-cell masturbation.Laurence Senelick, The Changing RoomA history of cross-dressing practices and rituals from ancient Tibetan shamans to David Bowie, with particular emphasis on theatrical performance, with all its inherent costuming, and what Senelick refers to as “the inherent sexuality of all performance, the ability of the live theatre to construct gender variants unencountered anywhere else, and an abiding ‘queerness’ in the most authentic types of theatre and its antecedents.”Joseph Cassara, The House of Impossible BeautiesCassara’s visceral debut novel (whose book cover required quite a journey), is set in Harlem’s underground ballroom scene of the 1980s, and tells a fictionalized version of the origins of the all-Latinx House of Extravaganza, in which there is beauty, excitement, belonging—and lots of tragedy.bell hooks, Black LooksOne important text among many by hooks (and one that continues to be relevant despite its age), this book investigates representations of blackness in American culture. It also includes a chapter in which hooks criticizes the racial politics of the classic film Paris is Burning. “Gender bending and blending on the part of black males has always been a critique of phallo-centric masculinity in traditional black experience,” she writes. “Yet the subversive power of those images is radically altered when informed by a racialized fictional construction of the ‘feminine’ that suddenly makes the representation of whiteness as crucial to the experience of female impersonation as gender, that is to say when the idealized notion of the female/feminine is really a sexist idealization of white womanhood.”Andrea Lawlor, Paul Takes the Form of a Mortal GirlA new fabulist take on gender-bending—it’s not drag that Paul engages in, but true shapeshifting: from boy to girl and back again, at will. In the ’90s, no less. It’s ridiculous and moving and edgy and I won’t say what that reminds me of because you are reading this list and so you already know.Ed Wood, Killer in DragWhat’s more deliciously camp than Ed Wood? An Ed Wood novel about a drag queen who moonlights as a contract killer! I can’t say for sure, because I myself only just found out that Ed Wood even wrote novels (apparently tons of them), but it sounds an awful lot like pulp paradise.Naomi Wolf, The Beauty MythThe bestselling feminist classic about how beauty is used against women is a little dated, but still essential reading for anyone interested in performance and presentation of gender in modern culture. Plus, it will give you many more convincing reasons not to rest on “pretty.” Ahem, Courtney.Twelfth Night, William ShakespeareTo be fair, all of Shakespeare’s plays involve some amount of drag-like performance, considering all the roles were written to be played by men. And, the bard being a lover of plots involving disguises and mistaken identities, quite a number have further blurring of gender presentation. I think the most convoluted is Twelfth Night, in which, at one point, a man would be playing a woman playing a man, who loves a man and is loved by a woman. “What you will,” indeed.RuPaul, GuRuNo list of books for Drag Race lovers would be complete without a plug for RuPaul’s forthcoming book, which he has called “a talisman, a guidebook for living.” You’ll have to wait until October, though—so in the meantime, you may as well catch up with Lettin’ It All Hang Out and Workin’ It!, both available on iTunes. (Just kidding—available wherever books are sold.)Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
Ashleigh Young, Can You Tolerate This?
(Riverhead)In a book landscape of spectacle-driven nonfiction narratives, I am finding respite in Ashleigh Young’s perceptive and smart debut, Can You Tolerate This? It’s a collection of essays no less ambitious, sobering, or wide-ranging than the avalanche of social justice texts, but written with the tenderness and precision of a dentist who doesn’t use anesthesia. Speaking of landscapes, Young’s book inhabits her small hometown in New Zealand, which illuminates how observations of a place, over a long period of time, can shift the idea of spectacle itself. You can read an excerpt of Young’s book that appeared on Lit Hub last year as part of its series on 2017 Windham-Campbell Prize winners.–Kerri Arsenault, Lit Hub contributing editorDaisy Hildyard, The Second Body
(Fitzcarraldo Editions)In The Second Body, Daisy Hildyard asks: How can we understand the ways our bodies exceed themselves? She cleverly coins the concept of “the second body,” a kind of shadow-self that accounts for the first body’s effect on all other life and on the world around it. In a series of rich, lucid meditations, rooted in conversations with others (butchers, biologists, etc.) and in illuminating readings of literature (Ferrante, Shakespeare, etc.), Hildyard guides the reader through questions about global warming, the illusive boundary between human and animal life, and more. The Second Body is a subtle, original attempt to see humanity more clearly.–Nathan Goldman, Lit Hub contributorJonathan Santolefer, The Widower’s Notebook
(Penguin)The short description of The Widower’s Notebook would be The Year of Magical Thinking from a male perspective. Both books are moving testimonials to grieving for a spouse who died suddenly, but Santofer’s book is not a mere copy of Didion’s. As Santofer found when he started writing the book, there are not many testaments by husband to their wives. He posits this is because of the way men are socialized: to stifle feelings and to be stoic in the face of calamity. Yet Santofer proves he’s unafraid of feeling the devastating emotion of his wife, Joy’s, death after a routine knee surgery. He took two years to write this beautiful and heartbreaking book, which is both a chronicle of a remarkably happy marriage and of the need to go on despite the worst possible thing happening.–Lisa Levy, CrimeReads contributing editorClaire O’Dell, A Study in Honor
(Harper Voyager)As someone who came to my lifelong love of crime fiction through the character of Sherlock Holmes, I appreciate the seemingly infinite variations applied to the Sherlock narrative. Claire O’Dell’s futuristic take on the trilogy may be the most creative take of all. Set in the midst of a future civil war that has its roots in contemporary issues, and featuring two women of color as Watson and Sherlock, A Study in Honor follows Dr. Watson, a recently discharged army doctor with a robotic arm, as she moves in with Sara Holmes, a mysterious government agent, and the two investigate several mysterious deaths tied to a disastrous battle. If you like dystopian future narratives, queer romance, and Sherlock Holmes, you’ll adore A Study in Honor.–Molly Odintz, CrimeReads editorJohn Lingan, Homeplace: A Southern Town, a Country Legend, and the
Last Days of a Mountaintop Honky-Tonk
(Houghton Mifflin Harcourt)John Lingan’s Homeplace is a vivid, expertly rendered portrait of the many cultural threads running through Winchester, Virginia, the small Southern town where country music legend Patsy Cline was born. But Homeplace is also a larger exploration of America—of the long-building collisions that mark our calamitous present day. In a style reminiscent of John McPhee, Lingan writes lyrically and urgently. A fantastic debut work of literary nonfiction.–Timothy Denevi, Lit Hub contributing editorBrian Catling, The Cloven
(Vintage)Beginning with The Vorrh, B. Catling has told a story in which very real histories and horrors of the 19th and 20th century—specifically, colonialism and war—are juxtaposed with a fantastical setting that draws upon elements of mythology and science fiction. The Cloven is the third book in Catling’s trilogy, incorporating World War II into the narrative. (Full disclosure: I’ll be in conversation with Catling at Greenlight Bookstore on July 30th.)–Tobias Carroll, Lit Hub contributorRoque Larraquy, Comemadre, trans. Heather Cleary
(Coffee House Press)When the world is weird and maddening and warped, I turn to books that are even more so. I’m particularly excited to read Comemadre by Roque Larraquy. Like most stories, it is about love and life but I’ve also been promised mysterious ants, missing body parts, and flesh-eating plants.–Katie Yee, Book Marks assistant editorBeatriz Bracher, I Didn’t Talk, trans. Adam Morris
(New Directions)“Look, I was tortured, and they say I snitched on a comrade,” the protagonist Gustavo says in this Brazilian novel set in São Paulo. Gustavo was one of many leftists who was brutally tortured or killed in Brazil in the 1970s. In this fictionalized account of a survivor, our protagonist is released back into the climate of totalitarian rule, suspicion, and intimidation. I Didn’t Talk is about the guilt and internal exile that takes place after survival. It is Bracher’s debut book in English and signals the arrival of a great new international voice.–Nathan Scott McNamaraOttessa Moshfegh, My Year of Rest and Relaxation
(Penguin Press)Moshfegh is the captain of the horrible people—if writing them better than anyone makes you their captain, which I feel that it does. More importantly (but relatedly), I can’t remember the last time I read a book that gave me such nonstop pleasure. The narrator is self-absorbed, arrogant, broken, and determined to medicate herself into a coma. That’s pretty much the whole premise: she evades the affections of her despised best friend and scams various drugs out of her psychiatrist, working towards the combinations she’ll need to achieve her dream of sleeping for a year. That either makes sense to you or it doesn’t. If you read Twitter, or the news in any form, it probably does. Either way, you should read this book.–Emily Temple, Lit Hub senior editorDeborah Levy, The Cost of Living
(Bloomsbury)When Deborah Levy turned 50, her marriage ended, and a version of her life that she had never before anticipated living began. I’ve been eager to get my hands on her account of these events, The Cost of Living, since a barn-burning excerpt of it ran in the Guardian back in March. “To strip the wallpaper off the fairytale of The Family House in which the comfort and happiness of men and children has been the priority is to find behind it an unthanked, unloved, neglected, exhausted woman,” she writes. I am eager to read more about this stripping away, and all that Levy discovered beneath.–Jess Bergman, Lit Hub features editorCreated by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
Baseball is a nostalgic sport. Its glories are in the past, the thinking goes. You should have seen Ted’s swing. Jim Palmer, now there was a pitcher. The same could be said for the game’s literature. The old books tend to loom the largest. Jim Boulton’s Ball Four is a Book of the Century, according to the New York Public Library. Summer of ’49 and October 1964 were penned by David Halberstam, the Pulitzer Prize-winner who gave us definitive accounts of Vietnam, the Kennedy Administration, and just about every seminal moment of post-war America. And then there’s Bernard Malamud and The Natural. What novel has a better claim to a place in the American canon? (Full disclosure—at eight, I nearly lost my left thumb trying to fashion a bat from the trunk of a lightning-struck tree.)But the art of baseball writing didn’t die with Red Smith; it’s alive and well. Talented novelists still look to America’s pastime for insight into the national condition. Journalists and historians still unearth new stories and forgotten figures, revising the old narratives. Something in the game’s pace, its stubborn oddity, and its long history seems to ensure there will always be new and worthwhile writing to consider. To celebrate the new season, I’ve compiled a list of ten notable baseball books released over the last few years (more or less). It could have been 20 (a very honorable mention to David Duchovny’s new release, Bucky Fucking Dent), but it’s best not to take too much attention away from the games. So pick up a few of these titles, turn on the TV, or the radio, if that’s your style, and get ready for another 160-odd games (depending on how well your team does…). Hell, it’s April—this might just be your year. FICTIONThe Heart of the Order (2015), Theo Schell-LambertSchell-Lambert’s debut novel is as much about the game as its absence. Built from the diary entries of Blake “Xandy” Alexander, a veteran pro with a blown-out knee and a season of rehab ahead of him, The Heart of the Order looks at what happens to a great athlete no longer able to practice his trade. The rituals and routines of the game still mark Xandy’s days, but the best reward he can hope for now is a kind word from the physical therapist. Xandy isn’t your typical jock. He has a novelist’s sensibility: an eye for detail, a curious mind, and a keen sense of where the mundane pours over into the beautiful. In case you’re worried there’s not enough baseball in this book, don’t be. Have you ever ogled a new glove or Louisville maple? Have you wondered what the fourteenth day of an August road swing is like? Do you want a thousand words on how to properly track a fly ball? This is your novel.The Might Have Been (2012), Joseph M. SchusterIf you’ve ever spent time around the margins of professional baseball, you’ll know that nobody has better stories or more pathos than a minor-league manager. In Schuster’s 2012 debut, we get Edward Everett Yates, a washed-up player, now a manager, who had a cup of coffee with the St. Louis Cardinals, busted his knee, and thirty years later, with his life looking more than a little tattered, still can’t give up the game. Two promising youths come on the scene. That’s the way it is with baseball. There’s always some new prospect, some new reason to get out of bed and believe this is the week, the month, the season all those disappointments finally get redeemed. Like any sports novel worth its salt, The Might Have Been is about regret, limitations, and our infinite, absurd capacity for hope.The Art of Fielding (2011), Chad HarbachHarbach’s 2011 bestselling debut has quickly become the benchmark by which contemporary sports novels are judged, and Henry Skrimshander—the shortstop who shows up for his first day of college with a pro-ready glove, a good arm, and a tattered book of baseball philosophy—looks poised to claim a place alongside Roy Hobbs, Moonlight Graham and other luminaries of baseball fiction. The Art of Fielding follows a familiar arc—the span of a magical season, a Midwestern setting, bouts of the yips. Harbach is fluent in the game’s minutiae, but he’s just as interested in Melville, Emerson, and our country’s literary legacy. Behind the folksy charm and clubhouse pontificating, Harbach has a subtly ambitious task: a meditation on the idea of America, where we stand and where we’re going.The Contract (2014), Derek Jeter and Paul MantellOkay, this one doesn’t make the cut on literary quality. It’s strictly a curiosity: a middle grade novel ‘by’ and ‘about’ Derek Jeter, released as the first in a series from the Jeter Publishing imprint. (Jeter is also dipping his fingers into sports journalism, in case you didn’t know, with The Players Tribune, a magazine supposedly written and edited by professional athletes.) Look past the plot, which mostly focuses on young Jeter’s burning desire to move from second base to short (that’s what Gatsby was about, too, right?), past the hagiography, past the craven capitalism of the whole endeavor, and there’s something worth contemplating here: who are our sports heroes nowadays? How do they see themselves, and their childhoods? Granted, unless you have a kid in the right age group, you’re never going to actually read this one, but the next time you’re wandering around a Barnes & Noble, it’s worth a quick flip through the pages, and a simple thought: why won’t they move that kid to short?Bottom of the Ninth (2003), edited by John McNallyThis collection (stretching the definition of contemporary, but this is baseball, and we’re on a centuries-long timeline) boasts serious literary bona fides, with stories from Jim Shepard, Stuart Dybek, Patricia Highsmith, and Andre Dubus, as well as a foreword by Richard Russo. The novel gets most of the attention when it comes to baseball fiction, but the short story—where nothing much needs to happen, where truths both subtle and grand can be teased out of the everyday—is the real match for the game. Consider the pivotal moment from Shepard’s “Batting Against Castro.” A former pro, now playing in Cuba, digs into the box against El Comandante himself. Does he strike out in disgrace? Take the dictator deep? This is a short story, not a novel. (Don’t read this last bit if you don’t want to know what happens…) He steps in and takes the pitch on the hip. Who needs doorstoppers when you can get moments like that one in the span of a few graceful pages?  NON-FICTIONThe Last Boy (2011), Jane LeavyJane Leavy, the longtime Washington Post scribe, wrote one of sports’ great biographies in 2005, with Sandy Koufax: A Lefty’s Legacy. Her follow-up, an exhaustively researched and deeply felt portrait of Mickey Mantle, might be even more impactful. Mantle was the golden boy of his era, but he was also a wicked drunk who resented the spotlight and spent his later years testing how far he could degrade himself and those around him. Leavy was there at the casinos to interview Mantle as he hocked signatures and memorabilia, there to see him closing down the bar. The Last Boy is a clear-eyed look at a star in all his glory and cruelty. Leavy offers up a perfect synopsis of the project: “So how do you write about a man you want to love the way you did as a child but whose actions were often unlovable? How do you reclaim a human being from caricature without allowing him to be fully human?”Where Nobody Knows Your Name (2014), John FeinsteinHow could you have a list of great sports books without a contribution from John Feinstein? He’s the modern master, the author of A Good Walk Spoiled (inside the PGA tour), A Season on the Brink (Bobby Knight’s Indiana Hoosiers), and March to Madness (ACC basketball in the mid-90s). If you’re a reader and a former athlete between the ages of twenty and forty, chances are, at some point in your life, you had one of Feinstein’s classics on your bookshelf. In 2014, he went on the minor league baseball circuit, focusing on the final level just short of greatness: AAA. AAA is a kind of purgatory, where guys hang on looking for one more chance at the show, where a few AA studs go for seasoning, where the crowds are loyal, the owners are strange and the ballpark promotions skew toward the dancing bear and all-you-can-drink variety. Did you take class trips to Pawtucket when you were a kid? Ever find yourself in Raleigh with a July evening to kill? Prefer the middle sections of Dante’s Divine Comedy? You and Feinstein might be cut from the same cloth.The Eastern Stars (2011), Mark KurlanskyThe Dominican Republic has come to define the modern game as much as any country, including the US. No town produces more stars than San Pedro de Macoris. Sammy Sosa, Robinson Cano, Luis Castillo, Johnny Cueto. They all came from the same small city on the southeast coast of the D.R. Kurlansky went there to find out what was happening: how had this town become an incubator of world-class athletes? What were the stars leaving behind? The Eastern Stars takes a hard look at what is, undeniably, an exploitative system: kids signed at sixteen-and-a-half, marooned at remote academies, then, if they’re lucky, shipped north to the hinterlands of the American minor leagues. A few succeed wildly. Far more fail. Kurlansky, author of Salt and Cod, has a knack for breaking down complex social and economic systems. After reading his take on San Pedro de Macoris, you’ll never see the sport’s pipeline in quite the same light.Playing America’s Game (2007), Adrian Burgos Jr.Consider this a companion read to Eastern Stars. Burgos Jr. looks at the history of Latino players in America, from the earliest days of 19TH century pro-ball, to the official integration of the game in the late 1940s, to the modern-day stars who still struggle with questions of racial and cultural identity. Burgos Jr. is an historian (he teaches at the University of Illinois) and has a professional’s comfort with original-source documents, first-person accounts, and archival treasure hunts. His book reclaims the game’s forgotten stars and championship squads: Martín Dihigo; Bobby Estalella; the 1947 New York Cubans, who won the Negro League Championship the same year the Yankees and the Dodgers (with their new star Jackie Robinson) locked horns in an epic seven-game World Series.The Only Rule Is It Has to Work (2016), Ben Lindbergh & Sam MillerAnyone who’s followed sabermetrics—the analytical worldview now dominant in baseball—will be familiar with Lindbergh and Miller. Both have served as Editor-in-Chief of Baseball Prospectus, spiritual heir to Bill James’s Baseball Abstract, and one of the major driving forces behind the statistical revolution. Last year, the two of them were given the reigns to an independent league team, the Sonoma Stompers, and allowed to put their theories to a real-world test. This isn’t your typical season-with-the-team book, and it’s not a Michael Lewis-style retrospective, either. It’s a tinkerer’s diary. Lindbergh and Miller revel in esoteria, but they’re admirable communicators, too, and unafraid to explain exactly why and how a particular idea failed or succeeded. If the game has recently started to seem a little impenetrable to you, this might be the book that brings you back into the fold, a welcome reminder of all that’s eccentric, idiosyncratic and optimistic in baseball.  Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
In the current political climate, many people across the country are worried about what the future will hold—particularly those people who are part of one of the many groups that the new president-elect has disrespected, maligned, and sworn to disenfranchise. One such group are the millions of immigrants—even those who came to the country as children, even those who pay taxes, even those who have homes and families and jobs and lives—who will face deportation, or the deportation of their family and friends, under his administration. Again, we need recognition, understanding, and to listen to the voices of others in order to create a more accepting world. So to that end, below please find ten novels (plus a bonus) about the immigrant experience in America, all published in the last ten years. This list is only a start, of course, so get reading, get writing, get talking.Imbolo Mbue, Behold the DreamersThis novel tells the story of one immigrant family—Cameroonian immigrant Jende, who gets a job as a chauffeur for a Lehman Brothers executive, his wife Neni, who dreams of becoming a pharmacist, and their six-year-old son—trying to make it in an America at the brink of the 2008 financial meltdown. Things fall apart (or fail to come together) for both Jende’s family and the family of the executive he works for, and what unfolds is a beautiful story of class, race, and the brittle but glowing American Dream.Julie Otsuka, The Buddha in the AtticA beautiful, lyrical novel, narrated by a chorus of women: the Japanese “picture brides” who came to California in the wake of WWI, to marry men they had never met, to raise children in America, and to be, eventually, disappeared. “On the boat we could not have known that when we first saw our husbands we would have no idea who they were. … That when we first heard our names being called out across the water one of us would cover her eyes and turn away—I want to go home—but the rest of us would lower our heads and smooth down the skirts of our kimonos and walk down the gangplank and step out into the still warm day. This is America, we would say to ourselves, there is no need to worry. And we would be wrong.”Ayad Akhtar, American DervishIn this novel, Hayat, a young Pakistani-American born to secular Muslim parents, has his world rocked by the arrival of his mother’s friend Mina and her son, who have fled Pakistan and Mina’s abusive husband. Mina herself is caught between the new Western world she loves and the deep traditional faith she cherishes, and Hayat is caught with her, his coming-of-age story tinged with desire and religion and an acute awareness of difference in all its forms.Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, AmericanahIfemelu is one of my favorite characters in recent memory—a smart, frank Nigerian woman who, after coming to America on a scholarship, begins a hilarious blog entitled “Raceteenth or Various Observations About American Blacks (Those Formerly Known as Negroes) by a Non­-American Black.” Her high school sweetheart, Obinze, has a rather different immigrant experience, as he tries to navigate life in London after his visa expires. Full-hearted, brilliant, and required reading for everyone.Cristina Henriquez, The Book of Unknown AmericansFittingly, this novel is told in a series of voices, all first person accounts. One of the most important of these is Alma Rivera, who moves with her husband from Pátzcuaro, Mexico to a crappy apartment building in Delaware so that their 15-year-old daughter, Maribel, who has sustained a traumatic brain injury in an accident, can attend a special school. But the family is faced with more struggles than they imagined—and the racism, violence, and anti-immigrant sentiment never seems to stop. As one of the Riveras’ neighbors, Micho, puts it, “we’re the unknown Americans, the ones no one even wants to know, because they’ve been told they’re supposed to be scared of us and because maybe if they did take the time to get to know us, they might realize that we’re not that bad, maybe even that we’re a lot like them. And who would they hate then?”Dinaw Mengestu, The Beautiful Things That Heaven BearsMengestu’s 2007 debut is narrated by Sepha Stephanos, an Ethiopian immigrant who, years after escaping revolution in his home country, runs a grocery store in Washington D.C. When a white woman—the first in the neighborhood—moves into the house next to his store, he begins to bond with her and her book-loving 11-year-old daughter. This is a novel that thinks deeply and subtly about displacement, belonging, and friendship in a complicated and complicating America.Ha Jin, A Free LifeAfter the 1989 massacre at Tiananmen Square, Chinese-born Nan Wu and his family—his wife, Pingping, and their son, Taotao, who arrives in America after four years apart from his parents in the book’s first chapter—make America their permanent home. But Nan wants to be a poet, and though he also wants to support his family, his feelings about Pingping are ambivalent. The novel develops into a search for meaning—the meaning of life, of love, of the American Dream, of politics, of sacrifice, of money. And of course, of identity in a brand new old world.NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New NamesFrom Paradise to Detroit—we shouldn’t be surprised that it’s not the happiest of journeys. Paradise, though, is a Zimbabwean shantytown, where Darling and her friends survive on filched guavas and run wild and angry in the streets. But when Darling goes to live with her aunt in America, her problems—surprise, surprise—don’t go away; they simply change. A coming-of-age story steeped in loss and politics.Marivi Soliven, The Mango BrideAfter being banished from her home in Manila for having an abortion, Amaro finds herself in Oakland, California, where she slowly builds a life for herself. Eventually, she meets Beverly, who has had a rather worse journey from Manila, selling herself as a mail-order bride in order to make it to America, and becomes deeply entwined in her complicated and violent life.Jean Kwok, Girl in TranslationKwok’s debut (and semi-autobiographical) novel tells the story of Kimberly Chang—brilliant student by day, Chinatown sweatshop worker by night. Kimberly, who came from Hong Kong to Brooklyn with her mother at eleven, finds herself caught between her traditional culture and her new city, but determined to fight for a better future.Bonus: Shaun Tan, The ArrivalThis gorgeous volume has been called a graphic novel—a term that, while appropriate in scope, doesn’t quite fit, as there are no words here, only images. Not that that impedes the story, of a father leaving his family and trying to find a place in a completely foreign—and mystically alien—land. But other stories are represented here too, and this breathtaking work winds up being a universal immigrant story told in a completely unique way. A really breathtaking work.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
You have to love Charles Dickens’ knack for naming characters. Who else could have come up with monikers like Mr. Sweedlepipe, Honeythunder, Pumblechook, and Squeers? And who, but Dickens, could make each name fit so well, like a tight literary glove, onto each character’s unique personality (of course Scrooge is a miser, could a scrooge be anything else?)It was a talent that has kept readers chuckling for nearly two centuries. But time has left us modern, neo-Dickensians with a major disadvantage. We don’t see things in those names that Victorian readers would have easily picked up on, hidden 19th-century slang that would tell us something new (and often funny) about each character’s makeup. In short, we miss the brilliance of many Dickensian names because we rarely look beyond their appearance and sound. To redress that, here’s a look at ten of Dickens’ most beloved characters and what their names really mean.Mr. Bumble (Oliver Twist)
You might first think Bumble got his name because he’s a bumbling idiot. Not exactly. Mr. Bumble is more bombastic than bumbling, which is why Dickens was probably thinking more of the word bumptious when creating his name. Bumptious is an obscure term for “conceited” or “swollen with pride”—a perfect description for a man “in the full bloom and pride of beadlehood.”Scrooge (A Christmas Carol)
Two theories surround Scrooge’s name: It could be based on the archaic English word scrouging, meaning “crushing or squeezing” (an apt reminder that Scrooge is a “squeezing… old sinner!”). More straightforward still, Scrooge could simply be a phonetic play on screw, a common 19th-century slang for a miser (apt again). But since both scrouging and screw come from the same linguistic root, both are technically correct.Mr. Merdle (Little Dorrit)
There’s no polite way of saying this but Mr. Merdle’s name means he’s full of shit (appropriate, actually, for this full-of-it financial fraudster). Dickens wasn’t so subtle here, as most believe that Merdle is an obvious play on the French word merde, literally “excrement.”Miss Havisham (Great Expectations)
Unriddling Miss Havisham’s name is as easy as separating the letters. Do that and Havisham becomes Have-is-sham—Dickens’ moral reminder that “having” or possessing never brings enough happiness. True fulfillment lies in giving, everything else is, well, a sham—certainly a difficult lesson for anyone to learn who lives in a house called Satis, Latin for “enough.”Mr. Pumblechook (Great Expectations)
It’s easy to understand the name of Pip’s pompous uncle when you remember that 1) he’s gluttonous and greedy. He “chokes” (or chooks) over his Christmas dinner and 2) Pip always feels like “pumbling” him—pumble being an early variant of pummel, “to beat or hit repeatedly.” Put them together and what comes out? Pumblechook!Oliver Twist (Oliver Twist)
When writing Oliver Twist, Dickens immersed himself in the slang of London’s criminal underworld—and that’s probably where the name for its titular character came from. Twisted, in Victorian street slang, meant hanged (as in death on a rope)—an ominous forewarning about where Oliver’s neck may wind up if he keeps on hanging out with pickpockets and pimps.Mr. Pecksniff (Martin Chuzzlewit)
The Pecksniff surname has become near synonymous with hypocrite, thanks in large part to Dickens’ word associations. Even before readers discover how truly hypocritical Mr. Pecksniff is, his name suggests it all: that of a shifty creature who humbly pecks at the ground one moment before haughtily sniffing the air the next, always testing the wind for his next chance to rise in the pecking order.David Copperfield (David Copperfield)
The secret in David Copperfield’s name lies with the initials, D.C. Flip them around and you get C.D., the same initials as his creator’s, Charles Dickens. That’s no coincidence. David Copperfield was Dickens’ fictionalized self, the closest thing he ever got to writing an autobiography.Mr. Pickwick (The Pickwick Papers)
It’s clear that Dickens created Mr. Pickwick to be the symbolic “light” of his first novel. (Pickwick is called “another sun” in Chapter 2). But Victorian readers were also invited to consider him as a sort of figurative candle—an old-fashioned tallow candle, to be precise, with a drooping wick that would constantly need to be picked out to stay alight. Any reader of the novel will get Dickens’ symbolism here, namely that Mr. Pickwick is always getting stuck in gloopy situations, only to keep on shining with some pick-me-up help from his friends. Boz
Yes, Boz was Dickens’ self-appointed penname, but Boz was as much a Dickensian character in its own right, cloaking the real Charles Dickens in an aura of whimsy and mystery (that helped sell quite a few stories). But it didn’t actually belong to Dickens. Boz began life as Moses, a pet name for Dickens’ younger brother Augustus. It was Augustus’s unique way of pronouncing Moses (through his nose) that transformed it first to Boses, and then later to Boz. Dickens simply borrowed it as an adult (and must have thanked his lucky stars for speech impediments).Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
Under the American administration-to-be, women’s rights, and in particular their reproductive rights, are under attack. Mike Pence wants Roe v. Wade “consigned to the ash heap of history where it belongs.” Trump has said we should punish women who seek abortions—not to mention bragged about all the pussy he’s allowed to grab—and under his leadership, women’s health benefits in general are in serious jeopardy. Now Tom Price, a man who wants to defund Planned Parenthood and strip health coverage—including maternity leave and birth control—from millions of Americans, will be the secretary of health and human services. Somewhere, Margaret Atwood is thinking: I told you so. And it’s getting more and more Handmaid’s Tale-y around here every day. Lots of works of speculative fiction tackle reproductive freedom, of course, though some have more harrowing visions of the possibilities and the future than others. Here are ten examples that shake me to the core—read them, and I guarantee you’ll feel compelled to donate money to Planned Parenthood or similar.Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid’s TaleAtwood’s dystopian classic imagines a near-future world in which most people are sterile, and where a totalitarian theocracy has taken control of America. Marriage is pre-arranged, most women are not allowed to read or write, and all women must dress in specific clothing to show their station—whether wife, Aunt, Martha, or Handmaid. The titular Handmaids are fertile women who have somehow disobeyed the social or gender rules alone the way, and have therefore been forced into what is essentially reproductive slavery—their entire function is to bear children for the legitimate wives of men, via The Ceremony, which I won’t spoil for you by describing here. In fact, the men would like it if the Handmaids didn’t even look at anyone otherwise. And if you don’t fit into one of the prescribed categories of female, or if you refuse to follow the rules, or if you fail to conceive after two years? You’re declared an Unwoman, and banished to the dangerous outskirts, never to be heard from again. Though honestly, that might be better.Johanna Sinisalo, The Core of the SunIn a slightly altered present day, the Eusistocratic Republic of Finland separates its females into two categories: pretty, submissive wife-dolls called eloi, useful mostly for sex and childbearing, and the more intelligent, less pretty morlocks, who are sterilized and used for manual labor. Enter our heroine, who looks like an eloi but thinks like a morlock, allowing her to slip through the cracks, but also seriously messing with her mind. She develops an unhealthy addiction to chili peppers—which she must battle as she seeks her missing sister.Hillary Jordan, When She WokeThis novel, a dystopian weirding of Nathaniel Hawthorne’s The Scarlet Letter, is set in a future that punishes crimes by “chroming”—that is, changing the color of the offender’s skin so that everyone knows at a glance what they’ve done. Because of a mass infection, most women are also sterile, and when Hannah has an illegal abortion, she is arrested and dyed red, marking her as a murderer. The first month of her sentence is broadcast live to the world, and during this time she is also forced to carry around a doll representing her aborted fetus. Eventually, Hannah tries to escape to Canada, which sounds rather familiar, as a solution. Even in the future, Canada is the holy land of freedom.Aldous Huxley, Brave New WorldNormal reproduction doesn’t really exist in the World State—too messy. Too hard to control. Two thirds of the female babies are sterilized immediately after birth, and those who are not are required to use contraceptives. Humans are born in hatcheries, and if the State needs some new ones (humans, that is), they start by surgically removing someone’s unsterilized ovaries—”the operation undergone voluntarily for the good of Society, not to mention the fact that it carries a bonus amounting to six months’ salary”—and, courtesy of Bokanovsky’s Process, clone those into scores of embryos that will grow into lower-class worker humans. The silver lining, of course, is that because everyone is healthy and no one can get pregnant, the World State is pretty sex-positive.Lois Lowry, The GiverIn The Giver and its sequels, citizens begin taking pills to quell their sex drives as soon as puberty begins—except for a few girls who are chosen at age 12 to become Birthmothers. As a Birthmother—an assignment with “very little honor”—the girls, who are required to wear masks both during conception and childbirth, bear babies who are immediately taken away and parceled out to the homes in the Community. The Birthmothers’ lives are cushy enough, until they hit their quota, and then they go to do hard labor in a factory until they die. So, probably not worth it.George Orwell, Nineteen Eighty-FourUnlike the “orgy-porgy” atmosphere of Brave New World, in the bad old world of Orwell’s classic, no one is supposed to enjoy sex. Lie back and think of the Party, is the general idea. But things can get worse. As O’Brien explains it:Already we are breaking down the habits of thought which have survived from before the Revolution. We have cut the links between child and parent, and between man and man, and between man and woman. No one dares trust a wife or a child or a friend any longer. But in the future there will be no wives and no friends. Children will be taken from their mothers at birth, as one takes eggs from a hen. The sex instinct will be eradicated. Procreation will be an annual formality like the renewal of a ration card. We shall abolish the orgasm. Our neurologists are at work upon it now. There will be no loyalty, except loyalty towards the Party. There will be no love, except the love of Big Brother.Abolishing the orgasm? Now there’s a dystopia for you. Julia, of course, posits that it’s this very thing that keeps people in line. “When you make love you’re using up energy,” she says, “and afterwards you feel happy and don’t give a damn for anything. They can’t bear you to feel like that. They want you to be bursting with energy all the time. All this marching up and down and cheering and waving flags is simply sex gone sour.”Orson Scott Card, Ender’s GameThere are plenty of speculative novels that incorporate ideas about population control, but perhaps the most iconic of these is Ender’s Game, which imagines a future world in which third children are heavily taxed and highly stigmatized, almost to the point of being second-class citizens. But Ender is a government-sponsored Third—that is, his brother and sister showed such promise as space soldiers that the government commissioned Ender, hoping he’d be a mix of their qualities. This, of course, does not stop Ender from being mercilessly bullied in school because of his Third status. Until he totally crushes his bully, of course.Lois McMaster Bujold, The Vorkosigan SagaThere’s a lot in this series surrounding identity, reproductive rights, medical ethics and developing technologies, but let’s focus on Ethan of Athos, which describes a planet inhabited entirely by men. That is, as soon as the “uterine replicator” was invented and babies could be produced without women (though egg cultures are required, and this is a major plot point), a religious order—whose leader thought women were unclean, evil creatures whose very presence incurred “madness” in men—settled the planet. This sounds like a planet certain members of the government would like to live on—can we send them there please?Megan McCafferty, BumpedTeenage girls already think they’re the most important people in the world, but hey, get a virus to make everyone over 18 infertile and they sort of will be. Then birth control will become illegal, teenagers will be coerced and paid to carry babies for adult women, and young girls will (continue to) be told that their sole purpose is breeding. Like, OMG.Octavia Butler, Lilith’s BroodThis future is slightly less likely than some of the above, but look, after recent events, I’m not counting anything out. In this trilogy, an alien race—the Oankali—lands on earth after humans have almost completely wiped themselves out with nuclear war and rescues/captures the last few survivors. They want to restore the planet and humanity—but they want to interbreed with it first, play with human genetics, and rebuild them as hybrids. So the survivors must choose—let the human race die out completely, or have children who are not completely human?Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
Another season, another reading list—but you have to admit there’s something special about fall. It’s that loamy back-to-school scent, or maybe it’s the promise of colder weather, aka at least one reliable reason to stay home and read. Luckily, there are plenty of great books on the horizon. To that end, all month, we’ll be previewing some of the best nonfiction coming to shelves over the next few months, and for our first installment, I’ve collected ten of the Lit Hub staff’s most anticipated memoirs of the season. Ten, of course, being the tip of the iceberg—so let us know which other books you’re looking forward to in the comments.Lisa Brennan-Jobs, Small Fry
(Grove, September 4)You’ve likely already heard all about this fascinating memoir by the daughter of Steve Jobs (and maybe even read this very good profile of her), but just in case: this is a candid, elegantly written story of a family and one daughter’s ability to forgive—that will also appeal to anyone (still) on the lookout for hot Steve Jobs goss.Sarah Smarsh, Heartland: A Memoir of Working Hard and Being Broke in the Richest Country on Earth
(Simon & Schuster, September 18)Journalist Sarah Smarsh’s first memoir illustrates her childhood among the hardworking men and women in her working-class Kansas family, and in the process, illuminates broader societal issues: the moral stigma attached to being poor, the violence often inherent in poverty for women, the loss of potential created by systemic downward pressure on the already struggling. Smarsh has already established herself as an incisive cultural voice on this topic (among others), and the full-length book promises to be poignant and eye-opening.Jessica Hopper, Night Moves
(University of Texas Press, September 18)A slim memoir born out of a Chicago music critic’s personal journals from the 2000s—complete with bad nights, good punks, bad lofts, good sets, bad weather, good music, and a keen observer’s eye.Jose Antonio Vargas, Dear America: Notes of an Undocumented Citizen
(Dey Street, September 18)“This is not a book about the politics of immigration,” Philippines-born Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist (and “most famous undocumented immigrant in America”) Vargas writes in the prologue to this memoir.This book––at its core––is not about immigration at all. This book is about homelessness, not in a traditional sense, but in the unsettled, unmoored psychological state that undocumented immigrants like myself find ourselves in. This book is about lying and being forced to lie to get by; about passing as an American and as a contributing citizen; about families, keeping them together, and having to make new ones when you can’t. This book is about constantly hiding from the government and, in the process, hiding from ourselves. This book is about what it means to not have a home.A rare inside look into one immigrant’s journey in America.Nicole Chung, All You Can Ever Know
(Catapult, October 2)You probably know Chung from the internet, where she is the editor-in-chief of Catapult magazine, but soon you will certainly know her from this memoir, in which she recounts her early life as the child of white parents in a small Oregon town, her search for her Korean birthparents, and the truth about why they put her up for adoption in the first place.Kiese Laymon, Heavy: An American Memoir
(Scribner, October 16)Heavy is an apt title for this memoir, which covers not only physical obesity—the author weighed 300 pounds as a teenager—but also the weight of systemic racism and white supremacy, and the power of a mother’s love. In fact, while lots of memoirs are addressed to children, this one is addressed somewhat unusually to Laymon’s mother, who rose from poverty to become a professor of political science at Jackson State University and whose influence shaped his life dramatically.Casey Gerald, There Will Be No Miracles Here
(Riverhead, October 2)“I have been so many things along my curious journey: a poor boy, a nigger, a Yale man, a Harvard man, a faggot, a Christian, a crack baby (alleged), the spawn of Satan, the Second Coming, Casey.” A memoir about the American Dream by a religious, gay, black man—the grandson of evangelicals, the son of an ex-football star—who questions the very nature of that dream even as he seems to achieve it.Kurt Eichenwald, A Mind Unraveled
(Ballantine, October 16)In this memoir, journalist Eichenwald details his lifelong battle with epilepsy. He was 18 when he first began to have seizures, which would sometimes end with his awakening in an unfamiliar place, with no memory of how he got there. Add to that the apparently rampant incompetence and disregard from doctors, the social and professional stigma attached to the disease, and his battle for health insurance and you have a fascinating portrait of endurance and success in the face of illness.Michelle Obama, Becoming
(Crown, November 13)Political memoirs aren’t really my area (or interest or expertise) but I have to say that I’m looking forward to Michelle Obama’s—and not only because the moral bankruptcy of our current political leaders has me wishing for more Michelle in my life. (Will she ever run for president? Maybe this book will give me a hint.) She’s also an iconic and highly influential figure with a great story who is likely to have a lot to say.Christine O’Brien, Crave: A Memoir of Food and Longing
(St. Martin’s, November 13)Health is in. It seems that everyone you know is at the farmer’s market every morning, and that all your Instagram followers are also experts in self care—not to mention detoxing, and paleo, and the Whole 30, etc. etc. etc. This is a memoir of a youth ruled by a mother obsessed with healthy eating, and then something on the far side of healthy eating, which she called “The Program,” which left O’Brien hungry for years—but filled with some very unhealthy guilt. A compelling story of family and food (or famine).Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
I have a hard time getting rid of books, and if you’re reading this space, you probably do too. As Summer Brennan put it, “what kind of degenerate only wants to own 30 books (or fewer) at a time on purpose?” Not anyone I know. But apparently, you only have to own one thousand books to qualify as a book hoarder. Which seems a bit low, to be honest—unless we’re talking about one thousand books in a New York City one-bedroom, in which case, sure.In general, I’m interested in other people’s book collections. How many books, which ones, how are they kept, where are they kept? So, one rainy afternoon, I started poking around the book collections of famous people, to see which ones happened to be (technical or actual) book hoarders. Some of the results surprised me—though I admit I already knew about Karl Lagerfeld.N.B. that of course this list is in no way scientific or exhaustive—no doubt there are scores of famous people out there with large libraries (disposable income and lots of space tend to make that possible), but either the actual numbers have never been documented, or I simply couldn’t (or didn’t) dig them up. Notables with high figures who didn’t make the top ten include Marilyn Monroe (400 books), George Washington (1,200 books), Charles Darwin (1,480 books), Oprah (1,500 books), Frederick Douglass (2,000-odd books), and David Markson (2,500 books). If you have any further intel on this score, please add on to the list in the comments as you see fit.Karl Lagerfeld: 300,000 booksKarl Lagerfeld has more books than pretty much anybody. During a “master class” at the 2015 International Festival of Fashion and Photography, Lagerfeld explained: “Today, I only collect books; there is no room left for something else. If you go to my house, I’ll have you walk around the books. I ended up with a library of 300,000. It’s a lot for an individual.” No kidding. His collection includes books in French, English, and German, and in order to create more space in his home for all the volumes, he stacks his books sideways—that is, horizontally instead of vertically. Oh, and there’s a catwalk to reach the upper levels. This is Lagerfeld, after all.George Lucas: 27,000 books+In 1978, George Lucas established the Lucasfilm Research Library—first collecting volumes at his Los Angeles office, and eventually moving the library to the main house at Skywalker Ranch. In addition to the more than 27,000 books, the collection includes over 17,000 films, as well as photographs, periodicals, press clippings, and more. Lucas’s library is not open to the public, but his employees—as well as special guests like Cecil B. DeMille, Alfred Hitchcock, Cary Grant, Clint Eastwood, Steve Martin, Edith Head, and Charlton Heston—are allowed to check things out.Jay Walker: 20,000 booksSo, Jay Walker is only a famous person if you’re a nerd, I guess. He’s an entrepreneur who founded Priceline.com, but to me at least, he’s actually famous because of his personal library: a wing in his Ridgefield, Connecticut home that he calls “the Library of the History of Human Imagination”—which is deeply pretentious, I know, but just look at it. It has three levels, a glass bridge, floating platforms, and yes, lots and lots of books.Michael Jackson: 10,000 books+The King of Pop was also the King of Books. During Michael Jackson’s life, he was a regular customer at his local bookstores in Los Angeles, including Book Soup and Skylight. “He loved the poetry section,” Dave Dutton of Dutton’s Books in Brentwood told the L.A. Times. Ralph Waldo Emerson was his favorite. Jackson’s attorney Bob Sanger told L.A. Weekly that the pop star had 10,000 books at the Neverland Ranch, “[a]nd there were places that he liked to sit, and you could see the books with his bookmarks in it, with notes and everything in it where he liked to sit and read. And I can tell you from talking to him that he had a very—especially for someone who was self-taught, as it were, and had his own reading list—he was very well-read.”Ernest Hemingway: 9,000 books+According to Debra A. Moddelmog and Suzanne del Gizzo’s Hemingway in Context, the writer carried a library with him wherever he went, and was continually acquiring new books, as many as 150-200 a year. By the time of his death, his Finca Vigía library had some 9,000 volumes—which does not even include the books he left behind in Key West (he moved with about 800 of his books and built from there). Not surprising, perhaps, but still impressive.William Randolph Hearst: 7,000 books+Hearst had two libraries in his castle/Ken Dream House—the main library, which held 4,000 volumes, and the Gothic study, which held 3,000, but it seems even that wasn’t enough space for all his books, and he tucked them pretty much wherever he could find room.Thomas Jefferson: 6,487 books“I cannot live without books,” Thomas Jefferson famously said. According to the Library of Congress, when the British torched the capital in 1814, Jefferson had built the biggest personal library in the United States—which he then sold to Congress for $23,950. After that, he promptly began acquiring books again (and sold that new collection to pay his debts in 1829).Nigella Lawson: 6,000 booksFood writer, television personality and “domestic  goddess” Nigella Lawson is pictured above in front of the floor-to-ceiling bookshelves filled with thousands of cookbooks in her house in Belgravia, London. It’s not just cookbooks that populate her reading lists, though—she also has a literary bent. Her favorite book is David Copperfield.Harry Houdini: 5,000 books+[Insert joke about not escaping from piles of books here.] When Houdini died, he left his private collection—book on magic, theater, and spiritualism—to the Library of Congress. Several sources claim that at that time he probably had the largest collection of books on magic in the world. You can browse almost 4,000 of them here.Hannah Arendt: 4,000 booksThe Hannah Arendt collection at Bard College is made up of some “4,000 volumes, ephemera and pamphlets”—including over 900 featuring her annotations—that come directly from the New York City apartment she lived in until she died in 1975. I hope it was bigger than a one-bedroom. (For some reason, 4,000 seems to be a lucky number for libraries of literary types—other writers who had about that many books in their private collections include Virginia Woolf and Katherine Anne Porter.)Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
When I was studying English and American literature, I was struck by the fact that not one black woman—American, English or Caribbean—was included on any of the syllabi. It seemed as if such a category of writers did not exist. This is why I’ve listed below Caribbean women authors who, I think, deserve more attention. Some of them are contemporary, some older, but all are worthy of your time. I’m personally interested in the way these authors address issues of both racism and feminism.Una Marson, Selected Poems
Peepal Tree PressThe author of the 1974 anthology West Indian Poetry described Una Marson as “the earliest female poet of significance to emerge in West Indian literature.” She was an advocate for Jamaican literature and the first black woman to be employed by the BBC—she established their “Carribbean Voices” program. Uma Marson’s poetry was clearly political, addressing themes of disarmament, the women’s international movement, and Pan-Africanism. To be analyzed mainly from the point of view of her color was astonishing for her. She expressed it in these four lines: I must not laugh too much,
They say black folk can only laugh
I must not weep too much
They say black folk weep always
–“Black Burden”Alecia McKenzie, Stories from Yard
Peepal Tree PressI first met Alecia McKenzie in Paris in 2014, not remembering that I had previously read and loved one of her short stories, “Private School,” in The Oxford Book of Caribbean Short Stories. When I discovered the collection where it originally appeared, I experienced such a wide variety of emotions that it’s become one of my most-recommended titles. Each story develops many different aspects of life in Jamaica, and her women—as we often are in the Caribbean—are powerful and resilient. McKenzie’s latest book Sweetheart received the Prix Carbet des Lycéens in 2016.Afua Cooper, Memories Have Tongue
Sister Vision PressJamaican-born poet and historian Afua Cooper has published four collections of poetry. “I Remember. . .” is the first poem in her 1994 book, Memories Have Tongue. I remember that, in this wide-ranging collection—sometimes joyful, sometimes heavily informed by reality—a certain Donald Trump was already mentioned—in 1992. I don’t care if your Nanny was Black because
six black youths are in jail
charged with raping a white woman
and Donald Trump takes out a three-page-ad
in the New York Times calling for their deaths
calling for the lynching of six Black youths
while the four white cops who raped Black woman
Tawana Brawley
are still on the streetElma Napier, A Flying Fish Whispered
Peepal Tree PressElma Napier was born in Scotland, but she is ranked among the writers of Dominica—she moved to the island at age 40 in 1932 and went on to become the first woman elected to a Caribbean parliament. The person who introduced me to Napier’s work said, “From Dominica, you’ve probably only heard of Jean Rhys.” At the time, this was true. So I had to read her. Her work is not as easy to find, but A Flying Fish Whispered was worth the wait. The heroine, a 29 year old widow named Teresa Craddock, comes to an unnamed Caribbean island to live with her brother. Over time, she becomes less of a “tourist” and more involved in life on the island. She begins to develop feelings for an older, married man, but she comes to realize that his attitude towards the neighborhood, black people, and women would make it impossible for her to have a love affair with him. I enjoyed the fact that the author dealt with my favorite themes—gender and racial inequities—in a quite unusual and exquisite style.Marion Bethel, Guanahani, My Love
House of Nehesi PublishersIt was the God in you
I needed to touch the God in me.
And so be it. . .I met Marion Bethel, a poet from the Bahamas, in Guadeloupe in 2014; we had both been invited there by the Congress of Caribbean Writers. She is widely-accomplished—aside from her career as a poet, she is also an attorney, activist, documentary filmmaker. Although she read her poetry simply, her words entered deep into me, and a brilliant smile followed each poem. I sensed similar feelings in our writing, giving me a feeling of Caribbean proximity. Guanahani, My Love, Bethel’s debut and best-known collection, won the prestigious Casa de las Americas Prize in poetry.Mahadai Das, A Leaf in His Ear
Peepal Tree PressIf I should ever die
Return me to the fire
If I should live again
Return me to myself.
Heartfire,
flame in hurricane-lamp
Outside, into this storm.Guyanese poet, dancer, actress, teacher, and beauty queen Mahadaï Das was an advocate for Indo-Guyanese culture and “Coolie” art forms. Her 1988 collection Bones drew wide acclaim; however, she became ill soon after and didn’t release another collection during her lifetime. A Leaf In His Ear includes poems previously published in Bones, as well as in two other collections entitled I Want to Be a Poetess of My People and My Finer Steel Will Grow, and more recent and unpublished texts.Marcia Douglas, The Marvellous Equations of the Dread: A Novel in Bass Riddim
Peepal Tree PressAlthough this book has received a good deal of attention, it deserves more (which it will hopefully get with New Directions’ forthcoming reissue, due out this July). Male writers have long been honored for books playing in the same yard—it creates a marvelous, magical realist world in which the dead (namely, one Bob Marley) summon the living to act.Joanne C. Hillhouse, Oh, Gad!
Strebor BooksWith this book, Joanne Hillhouse tells a well-known story: how does it feel to return home when it is no longer truly home? Nikki, the main character, was born in Antigua but raised in the USA. When she comes back to Antigua for her mother’s funeral, she decides to remain on the island. Turmoil and chaos ensue. Joanne Hillhouse is a powerful writer, raising questions directly and with great energy.Velma Pollard, Considering Woman
Peepal Tree PressVelma Pollard’s poetry is well-known in Jamaica, her native land, and in Great Britain—you can listen to her poem “At Cienfuegos I” at the Poetry Archive. I did not know her as a short story writer, however, until her 1989 debut collection Considering Woman was republished in 2011. The book is made of poems, parables, and stories. There is a range of both genre and style; throughout, however, there is both irony and humor.Myriam Chancy, The Loneliness of Angels
Peepal Tree PressBefore The Loneliness of Angels, Myriam Chancy had already written two novels on Haiti: Spirit of Haiti and The Scorpion’s Claw. Like the two that preceded it, The Loneliness of Angels more mingles spirituality and earthly affairs, past and contemporary history. Each of the characters seems to represent a historical and spiritual aspect of the island. The novel is composed of the voices of five characters, who, from different points of view and from different epochs, drive the reader through the paths of a complex Haitian identity and spirituality.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
Today is the 125th anniversary of the day Lizzie Borden took an axe and (probably) killed her father and stepmother with a varying number of whacks. 125 years is a long time, and yet we’re still thinking about Lizzie Borden, and children are still telling her story—in rhyme, no less—to one another on the playground. Sure, it’s partially because unsolved crimes always appeal. Humans are suckers for a mystery. But it’s also because Lizzie Borden was a woman. Just look at some of the highly-gendered theories about the murder: she was a secret lesbian! She was driven mad by menstruation! As a culture, we’re morbidly obsessed with the concept of the female murderer. But, you may well ask, why?First, there’s the question of quantity. Violent crimes are much more likely to be committed by men, both in life and in literature. The reasons for this, at least in life, are complex and not fully understood, but it seems to be a function of the neurobiological differences in the brains of different sexes combined with the way men and women are socialized in America. That is, there’s no “hardwiring” here—men’s brains may make them more vulnerable to violent actions, but male violence seems to have much more to do with the fact that our culture presents violence as a viable, acceptable response to negative emotions or stimuli for men, and does not do the same for women. Think of it this way: how many times, on television or in film, have you seen a man punch another man for insulting or otherwise displeasing him? How many times have you seen it taken seriously? How many times have you seen it played for laughs? How many times have you seen a woman punch another woman, for any reason at all? So who do you think might be more likely to punch someone that angers them—a little boy or a little girl?The relative scarcity of the female murderer interests us on a base level—if mystery appeals, so does the unusual. But the female murderer doesn’t feel merely uncommon, but nearly taboo—because she represents not only a subversion of expected gender roles, but a pretty significant reversal. Her existence is a violent (pun intended) transgression against our ingrained social notions of femininity. There’s also, particularly for female readers and consumers, the very delicious sense of power seized—power, specifically, of the body, of which women in our culture are so frequently deprived. Women in America are constantly told that their body is the purview of others—we are told this on the street, by catcallers, and at the highest level of our government—so there’s something thrilling in reclaiming that agency at the edge of a knife.Don’t get me wrong: American culture as a whole is still much more obsessed with the idea of the beautiful dead girl than it is with the beautiful deadly girl. And when you (or at least I) think of “literary murderers,” the list of names that springs to mind first is almost entirely male. Patrick Bateman, Humbert Humbert, Tom Ripley, Raskolnikov. But it’s the very fact that film and literature are strewn with the bodies of dead girls makes the killer woman so attractive—she’s not only escaped victimhood but stepped into the role of the aggressor, and thus fully reversed her fate.Some people don’t want to believe it. “I think society is in denial that women are capable of such hideousness,” evolutionary psychologist Marissa Harrison (who studies serial killers) told Emily Anthes for The New Yorker. But again, it’s that fantastical element that makes the figure so alluring. She can’t be real—or can she?There’s also the question of what kind of killers women get to be when they do appear—both in terms of how they’re portrayed in the media and in terms of how they’re written into fiction. As crime writer Melanie McGrath has pointed out, female killers, when they exist in fiction, are almost always motivated by revenge or, less-often, insanity:We rarely question the gendered language of motive that reinforces essentialist assumptions and explains away female violence. The roster of ‘female-friendly’ motives for violence is largely reactive. It presupposes that women resort to violence only as a last-ditch response to intolerable past abuse, or because they are in fear of their lives or mentally ill. So, this argument goes, we do not use violence instrumentally to get what we want, or simply because we feel like it, but because we’re driven to it. And there’s an accepted ‘female’ typology of killing, too. Women kill in the home, or near it, and we kill people we know, targeting partners, children or the elderly, mostly by poisoning or some other indirect method.These typologies are borne out by the data in the aforementioned Marissa Harrison’s studies of actual female serial killers, with one exception: in real life, female serial killers most often kill for financial gain, not epic revenge.Female violence is also tied into the perpetrator’s sexuality in a way that male violence isn’t, or isn’t as often. As Katharine Quarmby writes, “[t]ypically, a woman who is violent will have her sexuality portrayed as deviant, and her sexual attractiveness examined. Her role as a woman will also be scrutinized—is she a bad wife, or a bad mother? We need to keep the very essence of womanhood separate from, and untainted by, women who kill.” Overt sexuality often accompanies violence, and paradoxically, it can be a way of de-feminizing the woman in question, or at least reducing her down to a lurid trope; violence and sex are two parallel ways for women to subvert expectations of submission, nurturing, and kindness. I can’t help but think of Rihanna’s “Bitch Better Have My Money,” which ends with a blood-stained, naked Rihanna bathing in a trunk of cash. My first thought: has there ever been anything more badass? But my second thought has to question my own delight in the image—do I only think it’s so cool because she’s subverting ideas of femininity that I don’t even believe in? And if I really don’t believe in them, why so much visceral pleasure in their subversion? You can’t subvert something that’s already been conquered.By the way, this is all not even approaching the issue of race, which is a major factor in Rihanna’s video, and certainly in the ways we understand both sexuality and violence in both sexes in America. Honestly, I couldn’t find very many good examples of female killers of color in literature who fit into my parameters for the list below—and the three crime fiction experts I asked couldn’t either, except for Sax Rohmer’s very racist character Sumuru, whom I will not include—though I’m sure more do exist, and I’d be very interested in an essay that examines them and their scarcity in the genre.A lot of literature tries to split the difference with the gender tropes, letting female characters goad male ones into murder, so they get the blame without actually doing the deed. (Think Lady Macbeth, Phyllis Dietrichson, and Abigail Williams.) But below, I’ve collected ten actual female murderers from literature for your reading/gawking/gasping pleasure. NB that I’ve left out any novels with supernatural or science fictional elements, because death and murder are typically treated somewhat differently in these genres, and I don’t want to muddy this pot any further. Also NB that spoilers do lurk below, as the identity of the murderer is sometimes a reveal—though most of these books are pretty up front about their femme fatales.Lizzie Borden, See What I Have Done, Sarah SchmidtYou all know how it goes: Lizzie Borden took an axe, and gave her mother forty whacks. When he saw what she had done, she gave her father forty-one. Sarah Schmidt climbs into the mind of the notorious Lizzie Borden—as well of the minds of her maid, sister, and a mysterious stranger—in this hot house of a debut novel, which tells the story of that fateful day, but more importantly, the story of all of the intersecting bonds, desires, and desperations of this doomed family. See also “The Fall River Axe Murders,” by Angela Carter.Katerina, The Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk, Nikolai LeskovThis one’s on my mind because of the recent (and excellent) film adaptation, but also because Katerina is so deliciously unrepentant (unlike, say Lady Macbeth proper, who actually didn’t kill anyone but still drove herself mad over it). When her horrible husband leaves her alone, she picks up a lover, and then, to protect their relationship, murders her father-in-law, her husband, a small child, and ultimately, her rival (along with herself). Like the Lizzie Borden story, it’s a murderous fairy tale from which it is wildly difficult to look away.Cathy Ames, East of Eden, John Steinbeck“They thought they were so smart,” Cathy says in Steinbeck’s classic. “They looked at me and thought they knew about me. And I fooled them. I fooled every one of them. And when they thought they could tell me what to do—oh! that’s when I fooled them best.” Steinbeck’s most monstrous female character—the intensity of her evilness is rivaled only by the intensity of her sexuality—is a force of destruction. Among other things, her “malformed soul” causes her to drive her teacher to suicide, burns down her family home with her parents still inside, becomes a prostitute, then murders her madame to get her job. She’s not the greatest person, and nor does she want to be. “I’d rather be a dog than a human” she said. “But I’m not a dog. I’m smarter than humans.”Annie Wilkes, Misery, Stephen KingAnnie Wilkes is a prime example of the archetypal Bad Nurse. When novelist Paul Sheldon crashes his car, a kind—if strange—woman rescues him. She turns out to be a fan of his work. She turns out to be extremely angry that he has killed off her favorite character. She turns out to be a serial killer who has murdered a slew of people, including patients, babies, her father, and the state trooper that she’s buried up at her “laughing place.” Truly one of the most terrifying characters of any gender to be committed to paper. (For the record, I also love King’s Carrie, but I’m counting her tale as supernatural, and so Annie will have to stand in for them both. I’m sure she wouldn’t mind.)Merricat, We Have Always Lived in the Castle, Shirley JacksonWhen this novel begins, almost all of Merricat’s family members are dead. Someone, it seems, mixed arsenic into the sugar bowl. The angry townies seem to think the fault lies with Merricat’s older sister Constance, and ostracizes the sisters because it, but it soon become clear to the attentive reader that the eighteen-year-old Merricat, who wishes she were a werewolf, is the real killer. Beware the weird girls, my friends. They have more powers than you may think.Yayoi, Out, Natsuo KirinoThis truly captivating novel centers on a group of women who work the night shift at a bento factory outside Tokyo. One of them, Yayoi, strangles her cheating, good-for-nothing husband to death after he comes home drunk yet again, having, this time, lost every cent of their money in the casinos. Yayoi convinces her co-workers to help her dispose of the body, which they do, before promptly beginning to blackmail one another—all while the police start asking questions and another killer begins to target the women.Marion Seeley, Bury Me Deep, Megan AbbottAbbot’s murderer Marion is based on the “Trunk Murderess” of the 1930’s—a woman named Winnie Ruth Judd, whose two best friends were found dead, their bodies stuffed (and in one case, chopped up and then stuffed) into two large trunks and abandoned outside a Los Angeles train station. This novel reimagines Judd’s story, diving into the relationships she might have had with these so-called friends, and her path to violence. As Abbott herself put it: “I wanted to write a novel that would look at this “tiger women,” Judd, from another vantage point, free of the tabloid trappings—a novel that would place at its center the kind of woman so frequently portrayed as a femme fatale, as a party girl hoping to snag some sugar daddy, or as a vengeful mistress bringing ruin on her married lovers. I wanted to look at such a woman from the inside.”Grace Marks, Alias Grace, Margaret AtwoodHere’s another novel based on the story of a real life murderess: Grace Marks, who in 1843 was convicted, with co-conspirator James McDermott, of killing her employer Thomas Kinnear and his housekeeper. Marks was 16, and while McDermott was hanged, she was thrown in jail, to be made a spectacle of. In Atwood’s retelling, a young doctor comes to assess the prisoner, and her claims that she can’t remember anything of the murder—and winds up rather in over his head.Thérèse, Thérèse Raquin, Emile ZolaAnother crime driven by passion—though unlike Katerina, Zola’s classic heroine feels badly about the fact that she and her lover murdered her husband. Like, really badly. She hallucinates his presence in her bedroom every night, and quickly, both she and Laurent, her co-conspirator and new husband, go insane. They plan to kill each other, but in the end, they wind up killing themselves. That’s amore!Medea, Medea, EuripidesOne of the most memorable characters in the memorably-populated world of Ancient Greek tragedy is Medea, the barbarian princess who, when she hears that her husband (Jason, of Golden Fleece fame) plans to leave her to marry a better princess, is not very pleased. She kills her rival, her rival’s father (both by means of the same poisoned robes, which, genius) and her own children. She knows the deaths of her children will be painful to her, but she wants to hurt her unfaithful husband so badly that she’s willing to endure it. Then she runs off with their bodies and leaves him utterly alone, forever.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
Literature, they say, opens doors. Which sounds like a good thing—but does anyone ever stop to ask exactly which doors are being opened? If they’re the doors to the many great homes of literature (yes, sorry, we’re continuing with this dumb joke), it’ll be all right. From mansions to hovels, apartments to villas, houseboats to whatever the hell is going on in House of Leaves, below you’ll find 10 of the homes from literature where the Lit Hub staff wouldn’t mind kicking up their heels.Blanche’s apartment, The Misalliance, Anita BrooknerSure, Blanche Vernon’s London flat in Anita Brookner’s The Misalliance may be haunted by the ghost of her failed marriage and all its attendant loneliness, but it sounds like a perfectly lovely place to live for someone with no particular trauma attached to the “tall windows . . . [and] pale walls of her large rooms.” While there is much to appreciate in the stately manors and charmingly crumbling country estates dotted throughout literature, it’s urban space that often feels the most miraculous—particularly urban space somehow containing an eat-in kitchen (with a refrigerator never not chilling several bottles of wine) and dining room, a garden view, and well-appointed bookshelves lined with antique classical dictionaries and all the works of Plato. Ultimately Blanche concludes that the flat is too dark— “perhaps it always had been” —but as the saying goes: one elegant divorcée’s trash is another woman’s treasure!Villa Valera, The Flamethrowers, Rachel KushnerNo prospective mother-in-law is awful enough to ruin a hilltop Italian villa bordered by cypress trees and overlooking Lake Como—not even the imperious signora Valera in Rachel Kushner’s The Flamethrowers, who rules her personal kingdom with a (dainty) iron fist. Her 17th century home gets plenty of light despite its six-feet-thick walls, and on the grounds there are “various patios and arbors . . . covered by trellises of grape and climbing roses, and underneath, marble furniture and patio swings and striped cushions.” Villa Valera also has an outdoor fireplace and a heated pool, an old German phonograph and a seemingly endless supply of wine. It sounds like heaven, in other words, if only you didn’t have to share it with a cruel old woman, a bloviating English novelist, and a pair of kissing cousins—one of whom happens to be your boyfriend.Peggoty’s houseboat, David Copperfield, Charles DickensPrime waterfront real estate is hard to come by, and ever more precarious in this era of warming temperatures and rising seas. That’s what makes a beached house converted into a boat such a perfect solution. The weather in Yarmouth, England leaves something to be desired no doubt, but what the climate lacks, the Peggoty family more than makes up for in warmth of hearth and affection. Plus, for shellfish enthusiasts, your daily feast is nearby and delicious, just a short walk down the mudflats.The Navidson House, House of Leaves, Mark Z. DanielewskiWho doesn’t want a house with a lot of storage space? Sure, this one contains a nightmarish and possibly infinite labyrinth of rooms, passages and staircases that slowly drives its owner mad and compels him to embark on an ill-fated descent through both the cursed dwelling’s innards and his own crumbling psyche, but just think of all the kayaks and bikes he could store down there!The Palais Garnier Opera House, The Phantom of the Opera, Gaston LerouxYou’re never bored when your home is the Palais Garnier Opera House. First things first: construct a secret lair underneath the building and soundproof it just enough so that one or two easily ignored stage hands can still hear the faint sounds of your wailing/organ playing on quiet nights. Then, if opera is your bag, skulk around in the shadows and drink in your fill. If you grow to resent the monied Parisians who don’t have to hide their faces from the world, maybe drop a gigantic chandelier on them during a performance. It’s your house, you can do what you like.  Gatsby’s Mansion, The Great Gatsby, F. Scott FitzgeraldWell, there’s no escaping it. Everyone, at one point or another, has dreamed of living in Gatsby’s gilded Barbie dream home, “a colossal affair by any standard—it was a factual imitation of some Hôtel de Ville in Normandy, with a tower on one side, spanking new under a thin beard of raw ivy, and a marble swimming pool, and more than forty acres of lawn and garden.” Though of course it’s not the architecture but the epic parties that are the real draw. Just stay away from the swimming pool.Cathy and Daniel and Daddy’s house, Elmet, Fiona MozleyThe house in Elmet is about as far from Gatsby’s mansion as it gets—consider the fantasies opposite but equal. It’s small, this house, built by Daddy “with materials from the land here about. He chose for us a small ash copse two fields from the east coast main line, far enough not to be seen, close enough to know the trains well.” A hidden idyll in the forest, Daniel thinks it much stronger, better-built and more beautiful than other houses he has seen. “The green mosses and ivies from the wood were more eager to grip at its sides, more ready to pull it back into the landscape. Every season the house looked older than it was and the longer it looked to have been there the longer we knew it would last. Like all real houses and all those that call them home.”The House, The Likeness, Tana FrenchTana French’s The Likeness sends Cassie Maddox undercover to impersonate a missing woman who looks remarkably like her. She goes to live in a grand ruin of a mansion co-owned by several friends, and grows ever-more-embedded in their quiet, communal life. While Cassie’s time in her communal paradise is limited by the nature of her involvement, we can all aspire to the level of cooperation and community enjoyed by the characters in The Likeness (at least at the start of the book).Manderley, Rebecca, Daphne du Maurier“Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again. . .” The vast estate, foreboding grounds, and haunted manor house of du Maurier’s iconic tale has captured our imaginations in fiction and in film. Manderley is a stand-in for its former mistress, beautiful, haughty, and sensual, and a symbolic end to centuries of British belief in a country estate as the ultimate sign of success. instead, Manderlay is, to its 20th century owners, a burden—expensive to keep up, and brimming with secrets. One imagines that even if Manderley hadn’t burned down, Mr. de Winter would have sold the estate and had it turned into a hotel. Manderley, like all country estates, is at its best in our imaginations, where there’s no upkeep.The cottage, Pond, Claire-Louise BennettThe cottage itself may be bare and even a bit dingy—in one story, the narrator obsessed with fixing the broken knob on her oven—but it’s Claire-Louise Bennet’s poetic and moody voice that makes the space inviting. She spends her time fixating on minute details, such as how bowls rest on a table or an interaction with cows in the nearby pasture. It’s extremely interior, and feels maddening at times, but the intent is to ensure “the world has some opportunity to make an impression on you.” The space makes for a perfect, introspective getaway on the coast.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
I have just one simple expectation for the novel as physical object: I expect it to be portable. I take for granted that any novel I wish to read will fit in my purse, that I can hold it aloft on the metro read from it without tiring my arm. I expect that I can pack it in my carry-on luggage and enjoy it on the plane, even in the reduced dimensions of economy class.Generally speaking, the novels that I read have not defied these expectations. Even David Foster Wallace’s Infinite Jest or William T. Vollmann’s Europe Central has more or less been in compliance. But the soon-to-be released Bottom’s Dream by Arno Schmidt will not be. In fact, it will do much, much more than merely defy my one simple expectation. It will shake me by the lapels and spit, You fool! How dare you expect to leave the house with me!At 1,500 pages, 11 x 14 inches, and 13 pounds, it is one of those rare novels that one can only declare non-portable. That makes an absolute travesty of the idea of a “subway book.”Outlandish as it is on the outside, it is equally as bizarre on the inside: set in three columns according to a typography designed by the author just for this book, it follows Finnegans Wake in depicting a night’s sleep in prose that is recondite to the point of impenetrability. John E. Woods, who has made the standard translations of Thomas Mann’s major works, as well as dozens of other German-language classics, has brought a number of Schmidt’s bizarre works into English. He spent well over a decade making an English edition of Bottom’s Dream, and now it is here, published this month by the Dalkey Archive Press, if you dare.In honor of its arrival, I would like to present a rundown of some of the most enormous recent novels-in-translation. For this list I am only choosing titles release as stand-alone volumes—so no Neapolitan Quartet by Elena Ferrante, nor Knausgaard’s My Struggle, both of which would easily squish most other titles on this list. And to add a little challenge, I am only considering contemporary works, or older works that have only recently been translated for the first time.In order to give a more accurate sense of each novel’s size, I am including not only page count but also each book’s dimensions and format. Larger hardcover volumes may contain as many as 500 words per page, whereas the smaller formats will generally hit in the mid to low 300s. As a reference point, the War and Peace Vintage Classics edition (including roughly 100 pages of back matter) comes in at 1,296 pages, paperback, 6 x 9.2 inches.Parallel Stories by Peter Nádás (tr. Imre Goldstein), 2011
1,152 pages, hardcover, 6.4 x 9.6 in.The only time I have ever traveled overseas with just one single, lonely book in my luggage was in 2011, when I went to Nicaragua with a galley of Parallel Stories in tow. How could you need more? Nearly 20 years in the writing, it is a mammoth distillation of Hungary’s 20th century, including the Second World War and Holocaust, the failed uprising of 1956, and the confusing present day. It is also one of the filthiest, most sex-drenched books I have ever experienced, with exacting descriptions of genitals and lengthy encounters that can stretch on for dozens of pages. Some people loved this book (Francine Prose), some hated it (Ben Moser)—it is one of those mammoth works about which you must feel some way.1Q84 by Haruki Murakami (tr. Jay Rubin, Philip Gabriel), 2011
994 pages, hardcover, 6.3 x 9.4 in.When this was released in Japan in 2009-10 (where it was published in three installments), it was widely seen as Murakami’s bid for the Nobel Prize—a mammoth volume to add a little historical and political weight to an extraordinary, but generally apolitical, career. Although it didn’t net Murakmai the Nobel, it was a complete sensation in Japan, and it did pretty well in the States, too, when the English translation was released as a single volume in 2011. The title is a reference to Orwell’s 1984, and the plot involves parallel worlds and a mysterious book titled Air Chrysalis.The Kindly Ones by Jonathan Littell (tr. Charlotte Mandell), 2009
992 pages, hardcover, 6.1 x 9 in.Speaking of filthy, this novel is narrated by a former SS agent and Holocaust perpetrator who also happens to engage in some of the most bizarre and masochistic sex ever narrated in modern literature. Although an American, author Littell has lived in France for quite some time and wrote this book in French, where it received the prestigious Prix Goncourt in 2006 and became a bestseller. Despite attracting a widely discussed million-dollar advance from HarperCollins and selling extraordinarily well in France, The Kindly Ones received polarized reviews in America and the book became a flop.2666 by Roberto Bolano (tr. Natasha Wimmer), 2008
898 pages, hardcover, 6.4 x 9.3 in.The legends surrounding this book and its author are legion, but the dramatic story of 2666’s creation seems to be more or less true: dying of liver disease and hoping against fate for a transplant, Bolaño set to work on a mammoth, career-summing novel, the capstone to an extraordinary decade of productivity that had seen him give the world a number of future classics of Spanish-language literature. This labyrinthine book involves a reclusive writer named Archimboldi, the academics who write about him in his absence, the Mexican desert, and the horrific femicides that have occurred for years on the Mexican border in and around Ciudad Juárez. Released posthumously in Spanish in 2003, it received nearly universal adulation, which was much the case with the 2008 release of the English translation. Even today it’s difficult to find anyone who will meet this book with anything other than awe.My Struggle: Book 6 by Karl Ove Knausgaard (tr. Don Bartlett) 2018?900? pages, hardcover, 6.5? x 7.8? in.The only forthcoming title on this list (and probably the one that took the shortest time to write), the final volume in Knausgaard’s much-discussed My Struggle series is a mammoth conclusion to a massive, autobiographical sextet. Projected to be in the vicinity of 900 pages, and reportedly involves a 300-page digression/mini-novel about the Holocaust, volume six sees the Norwegian sensation delving into the struggles of his own success. In interviews Knausgaard has stated that the book’s plot deals with the media spectacle surrounding the reception of My Struggle vols. 1 to 5 in Norway, and we further know that it ends with the famous last line “And I’m so happy that I’m no longer an author.” We also know that this has proven to be false, as Knausgaard has already released an enormous project titled “Four Seasons” in Norwegian and has many plans for more work.A True Novel by Minae Mizumura (tr. Juliet Winters Carpenter), 2013
880 pages, paperback, 5.6 x 8.7 in.This transplantation of Emily Brontë’s Wuthering Heights to postwar Japan became an immediate success upon its English translation in 2013, with the New York Times proclaiming it a “fascinating meditation on cultural borrowing and the dislocation of modernity.” The book begins with a prologue featuring the author herself as the main character, and from there it becomes a love story, set amid an investigation into what happened to Japan’s culture after the country was savaged in World War II. This book’s arrival in the States marked the long overdue English-language debut for one of Japan’s most interesting and prominent contemporary authors.Celestial Harmonies by Péter Esterházy (tr. Judith Sollosy), 2004
864 pages, hardcover, 6.1 x 9.2 in.Another mammoth Hungarian novel (the Hungarians seem to love writing them), this one took nine years to complete and is a family saga chronicling hundreds of years in Esterházy’s own clan during the Austro-Hungarian empire. Notably, the book is strongly postmodern, drawing particularly on the work of the American short story writer Donald Barthelme, who, along with Borges, Sartre, and Wittgenstein, are major influences on Esterházy. Curiously, Esterházy followed this novel up with a revision of sorts titled “Revised Edition,” which was declared an appendix to Celestial Harmonies and which deals with the author’s discovery that his father (who is a major character) was an informer for the secret police during communism.Captivity by György Spiró (tr. Tim Wilkinson), 2015
864 pages, hardcover, 6 x 9 in.Wasn’t I just saying how the Hungarians have got a thing for gigantic books? Well, here’s another one, this one dubbed “Ben Hur but bigger and better” (thank you, Adam Kirsch). Indeed, Captivity is a mammoth retelling of the Roman Empire, and the notable thing about this one is that it’s seen from a distinctly Jewish perspective. It is the first book of Spiró’s to have ever been published in English, even though the author has been a major Hungarian novelist and playwright for some decades, both active and awarded since the 1980s. His subsequent 2007 novel, Messiások (“Messiahs”) is also rather robust, clocking in at 648 pages in the Hungarian.Martutene by Ramón Saizarbitoria (tr. Aritz Branton), 2016
816 pages, paperback, 6 x 9 in.The Basque language is a notoriously weird one: nobody knows where it comes from, as it’s not related to any of the other Western European languages, and it’s generally suspected to pre-date them all, some weird vestige of a prehistoric time shrouded in mystery. Virtually no one writes in it, in part because virtually no one can read it, and very few can translate from it into other languages. So that makes it all rather singular that this monumental novel of Basque literature—many call Martutene the most important Basque novel ever—has somehow arrived in English. It is a Tolstoyan saga, dealing with the post-ETA era in the Basque lands, the challenges of modernizing and maintaining a Basque identity, and a Proustian inquiry into life. Author Saizarbitoria has been publishing since 1969, and this is his grand edifice.Wizard of the Crow by Ngũgĩ wa Thiong’o (self-translated), 2006
784 pages, hardcover, 6.4 x 9.6 inches.Who needs Donald Trump when you can have Ngũgĩ’s “Ruler,” a guy reputed to take baths in his enemies’ blood? And who needs that “beautiful wall” when you can have Marching to Heaven, a latter-day Tower of Babel? Twenty years in the making, Wizard of the Crow is the major work by one of Africa’s greatest, and most persecuted, authors, all about how the Ruler dictatorially (mis)leads his nation. This is a complex and often extremely funny satire-cum-folktale that explores the history of Ngũgĩ’s Kenya via a fictitious nation that could also stand in for the experience of many African countries in the post-colonial era. It’s all sycophancy and personality cult, but Ngũgĩ does it with rare quantities of insight and good humor. He wrote it in the indigenous language Gikuyu and then self-translated it into English.Special mention: Zibaldone by Giacomo Leopardi (tr. Kathleen Baldwin, Richard Dixon, David Gibbons, Ann Goldstein, Gerard Slowey, Martin Thom, Pamela Williams), 2013
2,592 pages, hardcover, 6.4 x 9.4 in. Not a work of fiction, not even really a work of literature, but who can leave it off? “Zibaldone” simply means “notebook” in Italian, and this is basically an extraordinarily gigantic commonplace book kept by the incandescently brilliant, hunchbacked, graphomaniac master of 19th-century Italian literature, Giacomo Leopardi. Credited by Tim Parks as “one of the richest mines of reflection on the modern human condition ever written,” and heralded by Schopenhauer, this enormous book was only published in full in Italy in 1900 (63 years after Leopardi’s death), where it eventually became a mainstay of public education. It did not receive a full English-language release until a century more had passed, when in 2013 a team of seven translators finally completed the immense work of giving it to us.And here are a few others, not quite so enormous, but still pretty enormous:· Mexico: News from the Empire by Fernando del Paso (tr. Alfonso Gonzalez and Stella T Clark). 2009. 704 pages, paperback, 6 x 9 inches.· Spain: In the Night of Time by Antonio Muñoz Molina (tr. Edith Grossman). 2013. 656 pages, hardcover, 6 x 9 inches.· South Africa: Agaat by Marlene Van Niekerk (tr. Michiel Heyns). 2010. 630 pages, paperback, 5.5 x 8.5 inches.· Turkey: A Strangeness in My Mind by Orhan Pamuk (tr. Ekin Oklap). 2015. 624 pages, hardcover, 6.4 x 9.4 inches.· France: The Loop by Jacques Roubaud (tr. Jeff Fort). 2009. 566 pages, paperback, 6 x 9 inches.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
Recently I spent a while looking through a lot of novels in a New York bookstore. Two words that caught my eye among all the descriptions of plot on covers and French flaps were timeless and universal. There were novels described as timeless love stories, and there were novels described as timeless family sagas. I picked up universal meditations on marriage, and universal explorations of friendship, and universal tales of courage in the face of X or Y. I admire a lot of the books that end up suffering these descriptions, but lately I can’t help wondering: what’s with all the timelessness and universality? It’s almost as if we think there’s something shameful about setting a story in a particular time or place or political climate.If the usual pleasure I take in escapism seems to have gone on a brief vacation, it’s also true that I don’t want to spend the rest of 2017 endlessly re-reading 1984. In that impasse, I’ve been seeking out a range of novels rooted in specific political or societal moments. Most of all, I’ve been in the mood for fiction that explores freedom of expression and freedom of thought in subtle, engaging ways, blending the personal and the public without getting preachy. Here are ten novels that I recommend—a good starting point for many more.Pereira Maintains, Antonio Tabucchi (trans. Patrick Creagh)This extraordinary novel, first published in 1994, is set in a sweltering summer in 1930s Portugal. It follows the story of Pereira, a journalist for the culture column of a small Lisbon newspaper, as he struggles with his conscience and the restrictions imposed on his writing by the fascist regime of Antonio Salazar. When he meets a young activist named Monteiro Rossi, all Pereira’s past attempts to lead an apolitical life begin to fill him with shame. The most chilling thing about this novel is the way Tabucchi has structured it, from the very first line, as a piece of testimony given under duress—a forced instance of extended expression: “Pereira maintains he met him one summer’s day . . .”The Flamethrowers, Rachel KushnerThis novel does so much in its 383 pages—visits so many places, toys with so many ideas. Kushner’s exploration of political turbulence in 1970s Italy is as fascinating as her scenes of artists colonizing an industrial SoHo, staging actions in the East Village, blurring the line between activism and art. In both its attention to language and its subject matter, The Flamethrowers shines a light on the value and fragility of freedom of expression. “All you could do with words,” one character says, “was turn them on their sides like furniture during a bombardment.”Go Tell It on the Mountain, James BaldwinJohn Grimes, the teenager at the heart of James Baldwin’s first novel, is a smart, confused adolescent boy in 1930s Harlem—the stepson of the minister of a storefront Pentecostal church. This is a coming-of-age story about a boy’s search for a means of expressing his own sexuality and spirituality, set against a backdrop of larger social and political repressions. When Baldwin writes of John’s heart hardening against religion, and against his father, we see that he is also beginning to question the wider freedoms withheld from African-Americans in his community.Le Silence de la mer (The Silence of the Sea), Jean Bruller (trans. Cyril Connelly)A German officer is forced to occupy the home of a French girl and her aging uncle in Chartres during the Second World War. The family’s act of resistance against this outsider comes from just one act: silence. They refuse to let him access their story. Written in 1941 in France, and published secretly a year later in Paris by the underground press Editions de Minuit, this novel became the first in a series of works by members of the French Resistance that threw light on oppression and censorship across Europe.White Tears, Hari KunzruSoon to be released in the US, White Tears follows two white New Yorkers in their twenties, Seth and Carter, who are united by an obsession with music. Kunzru’s examination of race relations, greed, freedom, and privilege, is bound together in this book by a story concerning ownership of an artist’s words. When Seth accidentally records an unknown singer in a park, Carter sends it out over the Internet, claiming it’s a long lost blues recording by a 1920s musician named Charlie Shaw. A fascinating, immersive novel that explores appropriation in all its forms.It Can’t Happen Here, Sinclair LewisFirst published in 1935, Lewis’s novel is discovering a new readership in the age of Trump. It follows the unlikely election of an authoritarian named Buzz Windrip to the Presidency of the United States—an ascent that is viewed with horror by an editor at a small-town Vermont newspaper. Men and women who protest against Windrip are accused of being “silly socialists.” The press are dismissed as “irresponsible windbags.” At one point Lewis seems to offer us a slogan for 2017: “NOW is a fact that cannot be dodged.”Gone to the Forest, Katie KitamuraSet on a farm in a nameless colonial country teetering on the brink of revolution, Kitamura’s brief and unforgettable novel brings us the experiences of wealthy white rulers as control begins to slip from their hands. The atmosphere of forced silence in the book—between the powerful and the oppressed, and between a damaged son and his cold father—is captured in sentences that break and bend at unexpected moments.The Reluctant Fundamentalist, Moshin HamidThe Reluctant Fundamentalist is a novel that is full of controversial acts of speech, and one that is also framed as such an act: the book is structured a monologue delivered by a young Pakistani man to a mysterious American. “It seems an obvious thing to say,” the narrator remarks at one point, “but you should not imagine that we Pakistanis are all potential terrorists, just as we should not imagine that you Americans are all undercover assassins.” Hamid is attuned to the dangers of dismissing criticism of the west as simple terrorist-talk, but he’s also interested in exploring the moments when characters, in their words or acts, conform to type.The Feast of the Goat, Mario Vargas Llosa (trans. Edith Grossman)This novel, published a few years before Vargas Llosa won the Nobel Prize for Literature, explores the network of acts, sometimes violent and sometimes peaceful, by which people in the Dominican Republic supported or resisted the regime of dictator Rafael Trujillo, known to some as “the Goat.” The book moves backward and forward in time, showing the domino effect of ideas, large and small, expressed by politicians and the citizens they attempt to control.The Sympathizer, Viet Thanh Nguyen“I’m a spy, a sleeper, a spook, a man of two faces. Perhaps not surprisingly, I am also a man of two minds.” So says the narrator of Nguyen’s Pulitzer Prize-winning novel, presenting himself as a captain in the Southern Vietnamese Army. The story he tells is of a point in time when empathy and honest expression seem impossible—a world of misinformation, coded messages, deceptions, multiple identities. The great feat of The Sympathizer lies in the way it draws these elements into its own moving, entertaining, unapologetic act of expression. It gives voice to Vietnamese characters who, in so many comparable novels and films, exist only as walk-on parts. Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
When I was a little girl with little crutches and braces, science fiction was the only place I saw disability represented in a positive way. Of course, the characters weren’t named as disabled. They were humans adapted for high-G worlds who couldn’t exist back on Earth without an assistive exoskeleton or aliens who had to use adaptive breathing mechanisms because their world had a methane-based atmosphere. These characters could be benevolent space farers, evil pirates bent on the pillage of our planet, or just regular people trying to make a living mining in the outer rim asteroid belts. They could be anything and I grabbed hold of that.I kept reading science fiction. Sturgeon’s story “Affair with a Green Monkey” spoke to my still unnamed lesbian self, the ultimate heroism of Heinlein’s Podkayne and L’Engle’s Meg helped me become sturdy in a world that didn’t expect that of me, and the integrity of LeGuin’s characters (Semley!) has served me well for 50 years.It was the mid-70s, and I was in my mid-twenties—immersing myself in feminism and coming out—when (from my point-of-view) women, often lesbians, simply took over science fiction. Women had always been there, but the sheer volume of mind-twisting feminist plots and not-creepy lesbian characters on bookstore shelves was heady stuff. By the 80s I was part of a feminist bookstore, and you bet I expanded and carefully curated our science fiction section with great joy. It was as if I and this genre that had supported me most of my life were evolving together. My own bookshelves, despite many moves and purges, are still filled with books from those times. They’re piled around me while I write. Here, I’m going to mostly choose the most forgotten. (Readers will be pissed about the ones I leave out; heck, I’m already mad at myself.)Joanna Russ, Picnic on ParadiseA list like this has to start with Joanna Russ who honed feminist and lesbian anger into magnificent story telling. I remember reaching the last page of The Female Man, flipping the book over, and reading it again. Her How to Suppress Women’s Writing is no less relevant today. But most forgotten, I think, is her 1968 debut novel. It features, for the first time, her raunchy, violent, and funny heroine, Alyx.Suzette Haden Elgin, Native Tongue Elgin proposed a future where women’s civil rights have been eradicated. (Those science fiction writers with their improbable imaginations, right?) A professor of linguistics herself, Elgin constructed a world where language is a weapon in an underground resistance movement of old women.Joyce Thompson, Conscience Place This is a problematic book (as I’m sure many of them would be if I reread them), but I adore it. The premise is that with the atomic age “monsters” are born. They are sequestered in a closed community from childhood. Yuck, right? But most of the book is about how these people with disabilities make a community with each other. They have no reference points to know they are anything but typical. Each of them contributes. Each of them is supported. It’s a fragile, ecstatic utopia. It doesn’t end well. And you have to get past the so offensive cover copy. Still, read it.Amazons!, ed. Jessica Amanda SalmonsonSalmonson gathers together stories from both the established writers of the time (St. Clair, Norton, Tanith Lee, Cherryh) and the up and comers of this new wave. And the epigraph is a poem by Melanie Kaye/Kantrowitz! This was the first place I read one of my still most beloved short stories, Elizabeth A. Lynn’s “The Woman Who Loved the Moon.” And Salmonson was the first transgender writer I, in my limited experience, knew of. Also, there’s a second volume—Amazons II.Elizabeth A. Lynn, A Different Light  Yes, this is the book the bookstore is named after, and Lynn is most well known for her chock-full-of-lesbians series the Chronicles of Tornor that was published beginning in 1979. And those books are perched at my side as I write, but for the most romantic, galaxy spanning, and tragic (not because they are queer) novel about the death-surviving love between a gay man and bisexual man, and also if you need to cry so hard that you are left keeled over in your chair making seal noises, read this novel.Vonda N. McIntyre, DreamsnakeDreamsnake began as the gorgeous novelette “Of Mist, and Grass, and Sand,” which is included in Pamela Sargent’s (Alive, on FB, send fan mail.) Women of Wonder series. The full-on novel continues the tale of Snake, a healer, traveling in a post-apocalyptic world with her cobra (Mist), rattlesnake (Sand), and a snake of alien origins (Grass). In our bookstore’s science fiction collection of female warriors, amazons, and mages, Snake stood out as gentle, tender, and determined, but a no less powerful heroine. McIntyre is the founder of the Clarion West Writers Workshop.Octavia E. Butler, Mind of My MindNo, Butler is not a forgotten writer. But some of her books are. This is my favorite book from Butler’s Patternist series. (Maybe. Since I read the others over 30 years ago, who knows?) Of course Kindred blew me away when I read it. (I still have my 1981 Pocket Book edition.) Of course, Lauren Oya Olamina of the Parable of the Sower is a complex study in power and cults and survival. But Mary—poor, oppressed, and pitted against a 4000-year-old immortal—is an unforgettable portrait of what I can’t quite call a heroine.Suzy McKee Charnas, Walk to the End of the WorldWhat! Some of you can’t believe I chose this over its sequel Motherlines, but these days I’m in the mood for stories of women escaping unrelenting oppression. Yes, this is another post-apocalyptic world where men keep women in breeding pits. But it’s such a good one.James Tiptree, Jr. (Alice Sheldon), Star Songs of an Old PrimateI know James Tiptree, Jr. also doesn’t belong on a list of forgotten authors. Sure you’ve read all about her, how she kept her gender secret for years and how she (posing as a man) had a long correspondence with Joanna Russ about feminism, but have you read her? Have you read “Houston, Houston, Do You Read?” or the sublime “The Women Men Don’t See?”Mary Staton, From the Legend of BielWhen us feminist science fiction fans would meet each other, there would be some jockeying as we checked out each other’s credentials. I’d casually mention my hardback copy of Virginia Kidd’s Millennial Women and wasn’t that Joan D. Vinge story she’d included great. They’d reply with a lesbian-feminist analysis of Gearhart’s The Wanderground. But the ultimate test was if we’d read From the Legend of Biel. It is an odd, obscure, not easily (or ever) understood novel that resonated with all of us hardcore fans. If there was a copy on your shelf, you were automatically way cool. I hope that still works.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
As the nation’s only nonprofit distributor, Small Press Distribution is dedicated to getting small press literature to the people who want to read it. As such, we’re grateful to our main customers—indie bookstores—the outward-facing purveyors who present our books to the public with flair and aplomb. To celebrate the great individuality of our favorite indie stores across the country, SPD’s asked a few of them to shine a monthly spotlight on ten of their favorite SPD-distributed titles. This month, we’re excited to host Chicago bookstore The Seminary Co-op.Founded in 1961, the Seminary Co-op has privileged academic, scholarly, and literary books throughout its 56-year history. Mark Strand called it “the greatest bookstore in America.” The sociologist and poet Eve Ewing recently exclaimed in our store, “The Seminary Co-op is a place where books get to be books for the sake of being books.” Cass Sunstein wrote in the Chicago Tribune that “. . .the Seminary Co-op Bookstore is not merely a bookstore. It is a community. It is a small town, it is a church, a sacred place. The air is cleaner there, and the people are more gracious, and they move more slowly. It is defined by quiet, and by gentleness, and by respect. No one disturbs anyone there. When they talk, they tend to whisper. . . . It’s the very model of the bookstore, and it’s also a house of worship.” Jonathan Lear, one of our great living philosophers, wrote, “I am grateful to be able to partake of this magnificent institution.” Aleksandar Hemon observed, “What makes the Co-op so great is that it is so unabashedly invested in the necessity of books. You can read that investment in the depth of reading choices, in the width of human interests the books cover, in the thoroughness of making sure no corner of the human mind is underrepresented. Because, as we know, books are manuals for being in the world.”Chelsey Minnis, Poemland
(Wave Books, 2009)Minnis’s persona is so fully developed in her third collection, as she engages her reader in a playful and engaging conversation that feels like an afternoon lolling about the grass with a childhood friend. The lack of guile and sense of wonder will compel the reader to complete this gem of a book in a sitting, and then start the thing over.Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies, trans. Gary Miranda
(Tavern Books, 2013)Do we need another translation of the elegies? It turns out we do, and Miranda delivers an elegant version. Haven’t done your time with these? Well, this is as good a place to start as any. “Each slow turn of the world leaves behind the disinherited.” Cecilia Vicuña, Spit Temple, trans. Rosa Alcalá
(Ugly Duckling Presse, 2012)This compact volume draws together Vicuña’s work across media, most notably transcripts of her live performances, and supplements the challenging material with critical responses and reflections. It is an indispensable title in Ugly Duckling’s robust list documenting experimental performance.Pam Rehm, The Larger Nature
(Flood Editions, 2001)Pam Rehm’s pared, mellifluous poems write the line we must walk, / without any shadow / of a doubt. The Larger Nature is a testament to holy listening, and reminder, as Doug Wheeler says, that “Voids have matter.” The cause is a poet uneasily swayed by her own observations; the effect is like that of a chamber in which to find rest in what Rehm calls “the torture / of the imagination: the many ways / to be at home in the world.”Antonio Porchia, Voices, trans. W.S. Merwin
(Copper Canyon Press, 2003)Another brilliant Merwin translation (Copper Canyon’s Selected Translations of Merwin is not to be missed), this collection of Porchia’s aphorisms includes gems like: “A large heart can be filled with very little,” “The condemnation of an error is another error,” or “My dignity asks him who does me no harm to do me no harm. Of him who harms me it asks nothing.”Renee Gladman, Prose Architectures
(Wave Books, 2017)“Writing against time,” Renee Gladman’s Prose Architectures impale descriptions with further considerations of the line and its shape like so many globs of invisible ink.Tom Hennen, Darkness Sticks to Everything: Collected and New Poems
(Copper Canyon Press, 2013)I’ve discovered silent music for dancing in my head, for reading at dusk on a staff of shade tree limbs, thanks to Copper Canyon Press shining light on a half century’s worth of blessed toil (i.e., poems) by Tom Hennen; a quiet master whose allegiance to materials of language and place, like George Ault’s depictions of uninhabited street corners, seems to furnish, in the words of Anne Truitt, “the point at which experience becomes just perceptible.”Nathalie Leger, Suite for Barbara Loden
(Dorothy Project, 2016)Suite for Barbara Loden doesn’t just juxtapose biography, criticism, and narrative; it sews the three together into a new fabric altogether. As sparse and bleak as the source film itself, the book tells a fragmented story of life on the margins (of society, of artistic recognition, of a stable mental state) in a delicate and surprising way. At the same time, it challenges us to reconsider notions of viewership, authorship, and truth in art.Theodore Roethke, Straw for the Fire
(Copper Canyon Press, 2006)The poet’s notebook is an uneven genre, but in the hands of a master like Roethke, insight and delight abound. Half-formed poems and fully-formed thoughts help us understand the process of assembling poetry. Lines like, “To be too explicit destroys the pleasure. This the Irish know, to whom the half-said’s dearest,” “The essence of prose is to perish—that is to say, to be ‘understood’,” and, “A poet is judged, in part, by the influences he resists.”Anthony Madrid, I Am Your Slave Now Do What I Say
(Canarium Books, 2012)Madrid might be our smartest poet—he is certainly our most learned—and this coruscating debut collection is a lyrical, fanciful, delightful reimagining of the ghazaal as a vehicle for silliness and genius, piss and vinegar. The music is all exuberant joy.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
Happy Fat Tuesday, everyone—I hope you enjoy this day of dancing, pancakes, and bright colors. If you’re aren’t lucky enough to be spending this Mardi Gras in New Orleans (though to be fair, in New Orleans, Mardi Gras has been going on since early January—but today is the official holiday, and tomorrow is the beginning of Lent, so it’s the last chance for revelry for a little while) but still want to celebrate a little, or at least experience the city from the comfort of your couch, why not immerse yourself in some New Orleans literature? To that effect, below you will find a selection of plays, poems, novels and stories set in New Orleans for you to consume. And hey, why not get some fried food into your belly while you read. That’s right, order extra. The repenting starts tomorrow.Tennessee Williams, A Streetcar Named DesireIn this iconic Pulitzer Prize-winning play—which led in part to the streetcar becoming a national symbol for New Orleans—a young woman, evicted from her home in Mississippi under a number of questionable circumstances, comes to stay with her sister in the French Quarter. She and her sister’s husband, however, clash repeatedly, and things only get worse. Stella! etc. Of particular note are Williams’s detailed and poetic stage directions, including his early description of the French Quarter: “The section is poor but, unlike corresponding sections in other American cities, it has a raffish charm… The sky that shows around the dim white building is a peculiarly tender blue, almost a turquoise, which invests the scene with a kind of lyricism and gracefully attenuates the atmosphere of decay. You can almost feel the warm breath of the brown river beyond the river warehouses with their faint redolences of bananas and coffee… In this part of New Orleans you are practically always just around the corner, or a few doors down the street, from a tinny piano being played with the infatuated fluency of brown fingers.”Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire (and sequels)The famed Queen of Vampire lit (yes, sorry everyone else) is herself a New Orleans native, and her fanged creations lurk moodily in her home city when they’re not swanning around in Europe. For a time, when her books first became popular, her home in the Garden District was its own tourist attraction—something she encouraged with parties and appearances. Though she’s now moved away, there are a number of locations in the books that are based on—or literally are—actual places both the Garden District and the French Quarter, and fans can still take Anne Rice tours through the city and its graveyards.Walker Percy, The MoviegoerPercy’s novel is essentially an existential crisis novel—the soul in crisis being that of (nearly) 30-year-old stock broker and owner of one of the most ludicrous names in literature, Binx Bolling, who sets out one Mardi Gras to find—well, something. It’s a classic novel now, but at the time of its publication it wasn’t much discussed—until it won the 1962 National Book Award in Fiction, beating out Joseph Heller’s Catch-22, J.D. Salinger’s Franny and Zooey, and Richard Yates’s Revolutionary Road, among others. There has been some discussion as to how could have this happened.James Lee Burke, Tin Roof BlowdownCrime novelists love New Orleans—it’s sticky, it’s sultry, it’s mysterious, it’s filled with magic and danger. Or at least that’s how us laypeople think of it, anyway. In this book, his 16th featuring New Orleans detective Dave Robicheaux, Burke takes on New Orleans post-Katrina, setting a complex and ever-darkening series of crimes against the disastrous effects of the storm.Poppy Z. Brite, LiquorI for one can’t think of New Orleans without thinking of great food and great liquor—two things that line chefs Rickey and G-man, partners in love and scheming, seek to combine in this novel (the first in a series) in order to make their fortunes. A restaurant where all the food is based on alcohol! Sounds like nothing could go wrong…Robert Olen Butler, A Good Scent from a Strange MountainFor a different lens on the region, pick up Butler’s Pulitzer Prize-winning collection, in which each story is told from the perspective of a different Vietnamese immigrant living in the Louisiana bayou or in New Orleans itself. As George Packer put it, in this book “the Americans have become foils; it’s the Vietnamese who are now at the center, haunted by the past, ambivalent about their hosts, suffering sexual torments, seeking a truce in their various wars.”Julie Kane and Grace Bauer, eds., Umpteen Ways of Looking at a Possum: Critical and Creative Responses to Everette MaddoxAttention insiders (or insider-wannabes): Everette Maddox is a New Orleans legend, a poet, teacher, and beloved local figure who founded the longest-running reading series in the South, at the Maple Leaf Bar in uptown New Orleans. If you are from New Orleans, you probably know about him. This collection of responses to his work was edited in part by poet Julie Kane, Louisiana Poet Laureate Emerita.Kate Chopin, The AwakeningI always forget that this is a New Orleans novel—Chopin’s New Orleans is much colder (and less cool) than many of the other interpretations on this list. But it is a New Orleans novel, of course, if an early one, as well as being one of the earliest feminist texts, verging on modernism. It also taught a generation of schoolchildren what “Creole” meant, for whatever that’s worth.Michael Ondaatje, Coming Through SlaughterThis experimental, fragmented novel tells the fictionalized story of Buddy Bolden, one of the earliest jazz musicians, crowned by some as its inventor, but known by all as a genius of jazz who eventually went mad. Ondaatje patterns his work after the music itself, bringing in patterns, rhythms, and a host of elements, from photography to interviews to history to fiction, in order to tell his story.John Kennedy Toole, A Confederacy of DuncesOh yes, I haven’t forgotten. Possibly the most beloved work of New Orleans-related literature of all time, Toole’s riotous, revolting novel (and its riotous, revolting main character), has become part of the Southern lit canon, and is frequently cited as one of the funniest books you’ll ever read. And it is funny, and absurd, and captivating in its fatness (much like you know who, again). But it’s also very much a novel about the city itself, and is rich with description and dialect, including Yat, the English specific to New Orleans. Plus, New Orleans loves this novel back—there’s even a statue of Ignatius J. Reilly on Canal street.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
Betty Smith, Brooklyn native and author of nearly everyone’s first favorite book about Brooklyn—coming-of-age novels will do that for you—died 42 years ago today. To celebrate her life and literary legacy, here’s a selection of iconic books about Brooklyn that every New Yorker should read—if only to have an opinion on them one way or the other. Bear in mind that I’m not necessarily counting these the best books set in Brooklyn (though several of them are certainly among the best—Desperate Characters 4-ever), but they’re books that have achieved a certain, well, iconic status. Of course, even with that requirement, there are more than ten Brooklyn books that could fit the bill—Jonathan Lethem, Paul Auster, Michael Chabon, etc. are among these—so feel free to add further titles to the list in the comments.Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in BrooklynComing-of-age tales frequently wind up as icons of literature (think The Catcher in the Rye)—maybe because pretty much everyone eventually has to grow up in one way or another, so it’s hard not to relate. This one concerns the bright, curious Francie Nolan, 11 years old when the book begins, the child of first-generation Americans, who grows up in and out of a Williamsburg tenement in the early 1900s.The one tree in Francie’s yard was neither a pine nor a hemlock. It had pointed leaves which grew along green switches which radiated from the bough and made a tree which looked like a lot of opened green umbrellas. Some people called it the Tree of Heaven. No matter where its seed fell, it made a tree which struggled to reach the sky. It grew in boarded-up lots and out of neglected rubbish heaps and it was the only tree that grew out of cement. It grew lushly, but only in the tenements districts. . . . That was the kind of tree it was. It liked poor people.Paula Fox, Desperate CharactersThe best book about rabies ever written, in my opinion. Also a pretty good one about gentrification, and class (with its attendant rules and pretensions), and this one particular couple: Otto and Sophie Bentwood. The Bentwoods live in a neighborhood in transition—the new maple trees are in blossom, but the streetlights are still smashed. A cat is wandering around, and when Sophie feeds it, it bites her. She more or less continues on with her business, except now wondering if she might have rabies. “God, if I am rabid, I am equal to what is outside,” she thinks. This is the crux of the book: the distinction between inside and outside, belonging and foreignness, safety and danger, and the question of whether there really are distinctions at all, or whether it’s all braided, inextricable.With one or two exceptions, each of the houses on the Bentwoods’ block was occupied by one family. All of the houses had been built during the final third of the last century, and were of brick or brownstone. Where the brick had been cleaned, a chalky pink glow gave off an air of antique serenity. Most front parlor windows were covered with white shutters. Where owners had not yet been able to afford them, pieces of fabric concealed the life within behind nthe new panes of glass. These bits of cloth, even though they were temporary measures, had a certain style, a kind of forethought about taste, and were not at all like the rags that hung over the windows of the slum people. What the owners of the street lusted after was recognition of their superior comprehension of what counted in this world, and their strategy for getting it combined restraint and indirection.One boardinghouse remained in business, but the nine tenants were very quiet, almost furtive, like the last remaining members of a foreign enclave who, daily, expect deportation.Paule Marshall, Brown Girl, BrownstonesThis classic novel—published in 1959 but really discovered by the culture at large in 1981 after being reprinted by the Feminist Press—is the story of a young girl living in a close-knit community of immigrants in Brooklyn during the Depression and World War II. Her father dreams of returning to Barbados, where he has inherited a piece of land; her mother wants him to sell it so they can buy the brownstone they live in. Another moving and insightful coming of age story that everyone should read.The sun was always loud on Fulton Street. It hung low and dead to the pavement, searing the trolley tracks and store windows, bearing down until the street spun helplessly in an eddy of cars, voices, neon signs and trolleys. Selina responded to the turbulence, rushing and leaping in a dark streak through the crowd. Passing the beauty parlor she saw the new tenant Suggie and turned in.James Agee, Brooklyn Is: Southeast of the Island: Travel NotesTechnically an essay, written in 1939 and only published nearly 30 years later, finally in book form. But it is still iconic, maybe as a kind of secret text, a lyrical meditation on the borough with all of its contradictions, beauties, and ugly marks.Manhattan is large, yet all its distances seem quick and available. Brooklyn is larger, seventy-one square miles as against twenty-two, but here you enter the paradoxes of the relative. You know, here: only a few miles from wherever I stand, Brooklyn ends; only a few miles away is Manhattan; Brooklyn is walled with world-traveled wetness on west and south and on north and east is the young beaver-board frontier of Queens; Brooklyn comes to an end: but actually, that is, in the conviction of the body, there seems almost no conceivable end to Brooklyn; it seems, on land as flat and huge as Kansas, horizon beyond horizon never unfolded, an immeasurable proliferation of house on house and street by street; or seems as China does, infinite in time and patience and in population as in space.Hubert Selby Jr., Last Exit to BrooklynThis cult classic is a kind of hard-core reading gauntlet, a tough-talking portrait of the down-and-out in Brooklyn in the 1950s—replete with junkies, prostitutes, criminals, and those living among them.The bodies went back in the doors and bars and the heads in the windows. The cops drove away and Freddy and the guys went back into the Greeks and the street was quiet, just the sound of a tug and an occasional car; and even the blood couldn’t be seen from a few feet away. Alfred Kazin, A Walker in the CityKazin’s 1951 memoir about growing up in Brownsville in the 1920s and early 1930s, the first American in a family of Jewish immigrants, is a classic of Jewish-American literature, but also a feat of vivid prose that makes real both the briny smells of the neighborhood and the incessant lure of “the city,” so close and yet so far away.Everything seems so small here now, old, mashed-in, more rundown even than I remember it, but with a heartbreaking familiarity at each door that makes me wonder if I can take in anything new, so strongly do I feel in Brownsville that I am walking in my sleep. I keep bumping awake at harsh intervals, then fall back into my trance again. In the last crazy afternoon light the neons over the delicatessens bathe all their wares in a cosmetic smile, but strip the street of every personal shadow and concealment. The torches over the pushcarts hold in a single breath of yellow flame the acid smell of half-sour pickles and herrings floating in their briny barrels. . . . The sudden uprooting I always feel at dusk cries out in a crash of heavy wooden boxes; a dozen crates of old seltzer bottles come rattling up from the cellar on an iron roller. Seltzer is still the poor jew’s dinner wine, a mild luxury infinitely prized above the water out of the faucets; there can be few families in Brownsville that still do not take a case of it every week. It sparkles, it can be mixed with sweet jellies and syrups; besides, the water in Europe was often unclean.Jay-Z, DecodedAdmittedly little more modern than most of the books on this list, but hey—Brooklyn’s changing every day. Jay-Z is one of its most beloved sons (and icons), and his 2010 book, part memoir, part cultural commentary, part deconstruction of his own art, holds its own next to him.I saw the circle before I saw the kid in the middle. I was nine years old, the summer of 1978, and Marcy was my world. The shadowy bench-lined inner pathways that connected the twenty-seven six-story buildings of Marcy Houses were like tunnels we kids burrowed through. Housing projects can seem like labyrinths to outsiders, as complicated and intimidating as a Moroccan bazaar. But we knew our way around.Marcy sat on top of the G train, which connects Brooklyn to Queens, but not to the city. For Marcy kids, Manhattan is where your parents went to work, if they were lucky, and where we’d yellow-bus it with our elementary class on special trips. I’m from New York, but I didn’t know that at nine. The street signs for Flushing, Marcy, Nostrand, and Myrtle avenues seemed like metal flags to me: Bed-Stuy was my country, Brooklyn my planet.L.J. Davis, A Meaningful LifeOnce all-but-forgotten, but recently reissued by the always-excellent NYRB, A Meaningful Life is another darkly funny book about gentrification: a deeply bored and unfulfilled man decides to spend all the money (and time, and energy) he has on a run-down Brooklyn house in a run-down neighborhood, with the idea that if he can fix this house, he can fix everything, and finally live right. It turns out to be rather more difficult than that.Spring came exhaustingly that year, almost as though something were leaving his life rather than entering it, and in the cold April sunsets the house took on the devastated look of the streets, as if it had been attacked, not recently but months ago, bu a squad of compulsively tidy commando assassins, who had raced up and down the stairs, chucking grenades into every room, and then had cleaned up after themselves. Where partitions had been, there were jagged outlines on the walls. Nothing remained in the bathrooms but the heads of pipes. Holes were scattered here and there in the walls, in the ceilings, in the floors. Lowell couldn’t remember why he’d made some of them. There must have been a good reason. Electric blue in one room, green in another, shattered and stripped, the house didn’t look as though Darius Collingwood had ever conceived it, or that the poor people had ever occupied it, or that Lowell was ever going to live in it. It looked ready to be demolished. A weekend came, and Lowell wandered out in the back to look at his pile of linoleum again.Jacqueline Woodson, Another BrooklynPerhaps this one isn’t officially iconic yet, considering it was only published in 2016. But Woodson herself is certainly already iconic, and I have a good feeling about the long-term future of this novel, which is about girlhood in 1970s Brooklyn, and friendship, and family, but is as much, if not more, about memory.Somehow, my brother and I grew up motherless yet halfway whole. My brother had the faith my father brought him to, and for a long time, I had Sylvia, Angela, and Gigi, the four of us sharing the weight of growing up Girl in Brooklyn, as though it was a bag of stones we passed among ourselves saying, Here. Help me carry this.Walt Whitman, Leaves of GrassWell, it really doesn’t get more iconic than Whitman, Brooklyn’s most famous poet. His magnum opus includes, among other things, the incendiary poem “Crossing Brooklyn Ferry.”What is it then between us?
What is the count of the scores or hundreds of years between us?Whatever it is, it avails not—distance avails not, and place avails not,
I too lived, Brooklyn of ample hills was mine,
I too walk’d the streets of Manhattan island, and bathed in the waters around it,
I too felt the curious abrupt questionings stir within me,
In the day among crowds of people sometimes they came upon me,
In my walks home late at night or as I lay in my bed they came upon me,
I too had been struck from the float forever held in solution,
I too had receiv’d identity by my body,
That I was I knew was of my body, and what I should be I knew I should be of my body.Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
When my fellow translators and I first got together to chat about ideas for the latest installment in this series, 10 Japanese works of fiction by women we’d love to see in English, we all had the impression that a fair number of Japanese women writers were represented in translation. But in fact, when we looked at the statistics of books published in recent years (again, compliments of the fantastic database maintained by Three Percent), we were appalled to see the tremendous disparity between those written by men and women in the fiction category—slightly more than one book by a female author for every ten books by male authors.And once we began compiling this list, we couldn’t help but notice that some of the titans—or shall we say titanesses?—are tragically underrepresented in English. Even if more than one of their titles has ever been published, their work is not regularly available in bookstores or online.  All too often, writing by women is published disparately, in separate journals and anthologies, some of which have gone out of print—so that actually they appear and then disappear in translation. These women writers are giants whose books should be as readily accessible as those by Yukio Mishima, Osamu Dazai, and Kobo Abe.What’s more, in overviews of Japanese literature, female authors are (or have been, until recently) all too often left out, added as an afterthought, or not integrated into critical discussion. This is a strange phenomenon, given how prolific and present women actually are in Japan’s publishing world, as well as anecdotal evidence that it’s currently more difficult for new male writers to sell books.Challenging though it was to whittle it down to ten, the following list includes some of our favorite outstanding books, from the recent past and extending further back into the twentieth century. Many of these authors have tremendous backlists as well, demonstrating their range and prowess as literary geniuses.To the Peninsula (半島へ) by Mayumi Inaba (真弓稲葉) (Kodansha, 2011)An account of time spent in a little house in a rural coastal community on Japan’s Inland Sea. The author describes the pleasure she takes in the simple old objects in her “hut”; the sights, sounds, and smells of the forest; building a bridge out of her father’s bookcases; clearing a swamp; planting flowers and vegetables; and her easygoing interactions with her elderly and retired neighbors, fellow metropolitan escapees. She muses on her arid life in Tokyo, on a beloved friend who committed suicide, and, fleetingly, on a past relationship with a lover who has died. The mere act of documenting what she sees and hears around her, and her own thoughts and reactions, suggests at once a self-affirmation and dissolution into the rhythms of nature and time. Some readers will recognize references to Henry David Thoreau; others will recall the writing of the medieval monk and recluse Kamo no Chomei.Why translate it? One of many beautiful works left by this gifted writer and poet who died in 2014, To the Peninsula won both the Tanizaki Jun’ichiro Prize for Literature and the Shinran Prize. Occupying a place midway between fiction and nonfiction, it features slow, meditative descriptions of turtles, crabs, beetles, ants, bees, mosquitoes, birds, camellias, the colors of sunlight, the sound of trees drinking, the reassurance of knowing the age of the rocks beneath one’s feet. There is a special dreamy quality to Inaba’s prose that makes her descriptions of quotidian events an utter pleasure.—Lucy NorthLove at 6,000° (六〇〇〇度の愛) by Maki Kashimada (鹿島田真希) (Shinchosha, 2005)An ordinary housewife, haunted by visions of a mushroom cloud, abruptly leaves her husband and son behind and travels to Nagasaki, where she embarks on an affair with a young half-Russian, half-Japanese man. Inspired by Marguerite Duras’s script for Hiroshima, Mon Amour, this stunning, Yukio-Mishima-Award-winning novel of ideas unfolds in mesmerizingly precise prose fragments that plumb the depths of the main character’s—and author’s—reckoning with issues of historical trauma, gendered identity, and the quandary of existence itself.Why translate it? Kashimada is a major figure in contemporary Japanese literature known for her experimental prose style and intellectual rigor. Japanese literature, and especially Japanese literature by women, is routinely stereotyped as insular and obsessed with autobiography, but Kashimada’s allusive, outward-facing work insists on placing her fiction squarely within the context of world literature and thought. As a member of the Japanese Orthodox Church, Kashimada engages with issues of faith and transgression in ways that make her exceptional within not just Japanese women’s writing but the global literary scene in general.—Brian BergstromHeaven (ヘヴン) by Mieko Kawakami (川上未映子) (Kodansha, 2009)The story of two misfits who are bullied at school and who find solace in each other’s companionship.  Astonishing in its impact and overwhelmingly poignant, the novel delves into deeper questions of identity and the nature of persecution, of personal agency and responsibility.Why translate it? Mieko Kawakami has written a complex philosophical novel—she counts Nietzsche among her influences—in deceptively straightforward terms.  Heaven’s themes are universal, and the novel offers a touching and provocative treatment of a subject—bullying—that has become a severe problem in many countries.—Allison Markin PowellTiny Stories (いすとりえっと) by Taeko Kono (河野多惠子) (Gakugei Shorin, 1989)A miscellany of twelve vignettes, selected by the author from a longer series of short stories published in the 1970s. The vignettes vary in length, tone, and narrative voice, with a common thread being “surprise”—a sudden opening out, or dropping away, of narrative perspective. A writer who visits her doctor at home one evening to fact-check for a story suddenly finds herself in a nonsensical but ominous family situation. A wife witnesses instances of her husband’s cruelty and callousness towards birds—only to become, a few years later, a “bird” herself. A young man goes to the city for university and feels a nameless and growing alienation as his studies progress. Then, when his city apartment burns down, he experiences a strange revival of interest in life’s possibilities. Rather than linking in an obvious linear sense, these laconic episodes hang together in an arrangement of sharp fragments, challenging the reader to provide the connections. Why translate it? Kono is one of the major writers in 20th-century Japanese literature, with a reputation for disrupting notions of normality and deviancy. Tiny Stories from the 1970s are light and dry, yet cutting, explorations of the unnerving and the uncanny, and suggest an ongoing preoccupation with the anxiety inherent in modern life.—Lucy NorthThe Link (ツナグ) by Mizuki Tsujimura (辻村深月) (Shinchosha, 2010)After his father killed his mother and committed suicide, Ayumi is brought up by his grandmother, Aiko. When he reaches high school, Aiko begins training him in the secret art of a spirit medium, facilitating one-off reunions between the living and the dead. This work brings Ayumi into contact with various people who have lost loved ones, forcing him to grow up in the process. And it prepares him for the truth about his parents’ death.Why translate it? A powerful work that examines life and death, loss, and relationships, it earned the author the Yoshikawa Eiji Prize for New Writers, and was made into a film in 2012 (English title, Until The Break of Dawn) directed by Yuichiro Hirakawa. Tsujimura has won a number of awards for her work, including the prestigious Naoki Prize in 2012.—Ginny Tapley TakemoriThe Little House (小さいおうち) by Kyoko Nakajima (中島京子) (Bungeishunju, 2010)Set in a little house with a red gabled roof in Tokyo during the early 1930s up to Japan’s defeat in World War II, the narrative takes the form of a memoir penned by housekeeper Taki, who was sent to the city from the rural north at age 14 to work as a maid. When the lady of the house Tokiko is widowed, she takes Taki with her to her new marriage, where Taki stays until she evacuates back to the north near the end of the war. The two women grow as close as sisters, but while Tokiko secretly falls in love with a young artist employed in her husband’s firm, Taki cannot suppress her own love for Tokiko.Why translate it? Kyoko Nakajima demonstrates her attention to historical detail as she skillfully develops the intricate plot, describing family secrets against a backdrop of war with supreme sensitivity. This masterpiece earned her the coveted Naoki Prize in 2010, and in 2014 it was made into a hugely successful film directed by Yoji Yamada.—Ginny Tapley TakemoriSentimental Education (感情教育) by Kaho Nakayama (中山可穂) (Kodansha, 2000)Sharing a title with Gustave Flaubert’s novel, Kaho Nakayama’s version describes the emotional development of two women, Nachi and Rio—their pain and loneliness in the years leading up to when their paths cross, and the blissful intimacy that they discover once they find each other.  Based loosely on one of the author’s relationships but not necessarily autobiographical, Nakayama’s lyrical prose quietly inhabits the lives and minds of these two characters.Why translate it? The troubled and tender upbringings of each of these women, their sentimental idiosyncrasies, and the forces that bring them together and threaten to tear them apart, make for riveting reading in this star-crossed love story.—Allison Markin PowellSaraba! (サラバ！) by Kanako Nishi (西加奈子) (Shogakukan, 2014)A sprawling masterpiece that won the Naoki Prize in 2015 and went on to be one of the bestselling novels of the year in Japan. Like the author, the protagonist was born in Iran in 1977, returned to Osaka with his family when the revolution came, and then moved to Egypt for the formative years of seven to twelve. After the narrator grows up, goes away to university, and begins to work as a writer, ultimately his own isolation forces him to reckon with the breakup of his family and his utter lack of direction in life.Why translate it? Kanako Nishi broke onto the literary scene over ten years ago—many of her books have been bestsellers and several have been made into films—and Saraba! is her most ambitious work to date.  She wrestles with religion, individualism, and society, encompassing the Tokyo sarin gas attacks, the earthquake disasters of 1995 and 2011—she even works in the Arab Spring.—Allison Markin PowellThe Hole (穴) by Hiroko Oyamada (小山田浩子) (Shinchosha, 2014)When 31-old Asahi Matsura’s husband is transferred to a workplace near his family’s rural home, the couple move into a house next door to his parents. One day, as Asahi runs an errand for her mother-in-law to the local convenience store, she comes across a strange creature and, following it, falls up to her chest in a deep hole. This is the beginning of a number of strange happenings, not least the discovery that her husband has an elder brother that nobody has ever mentioned to her before, and an increasing awareness of the oddness of the community surrounding her.Why translate it? Hiroko Oyamada is another noteworthy young female writer with a distinctive voice. This masterful portrayal of how ordinary everyday life can so easily be disrupted and transformed into the extraordinary earned her the 2013 Akutagawa Prize.—Ginny Tapley TakemoriTerritory of Light (光の領分) by Yuko Tsushima (津島佑子) (Kodansha, 1979)Going through a divorce, the unnamed young narrator of Territory of Light rents a cheap and eccentric apartment for herself and her three-year-old daughter. The novel-in-stories follows their lives for a year. Yuko Tsushima broke new ground—not only for Japan—writing in 1979 about a single working mother’s conflicts and failings, and her sharp quotidian realism still hasn’t lost its edge, yet her fresh imagery and sense of the fantastic give Territory a luminous beauty. Why translate it? It’s the author’s best-known book in Japan as well as France. And Tsushima’s take on motherhood in this early short work shows the fearlessness she would bring to her far-ranging later themes.—Geraldine HarcourtCreated by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature
This weekend, the long-awaited (and mostly given-up-on) ninth season of Curb Your Enthusiasm comes to an end. This was a particularly literary season, considering that its central conceit was that Larry David had written a musical based on the life of (or more specifically, the fatwa against) Salman Rushdie. So it seems appropriate to fill the long, dark, Curb-less nights that face you now with a few literary Larry Davids, to annoy, goad, and charm you into submission while you wait for that tenth season. Now of course, Larry David is his own beast. No one is really like him. But there are plenty of indifferent, misanthropic social assassins out there in the world of letters, so if you’re dreading the end of the season, you may find these literary replacements prettay, prettay, prettay good.Albert Camus, The Stranger“Today, Maman died. Or maybe yesterday, I don’t know.” You know who else doesn’t know when his mother died? Larry David. Of course, it’s not because he got an indistinct telegram about it, it’s because his mother told his father not to bother him while he was in New York. But more to the point: like Larry, Meursault is indifferent to social norms (to the point of absurdism), willing to speak what he considers to be truth (no matter the circumstances), and well, essentially amoral. On the other hand, Meursault would never even think to look around and ask “no good?” So perhaps he’s an exaggerated version, but a version nonetheless.Kate Christensen, The Epicure’s LamentLarry isn’t always the picture of an epicure (“I’ll have a vanilla—one of the vanilla bullshit things. You know, whatever you want, some vanilla, bullshit, latte, cappu-thing. Whatever you’ve got, I don’t care.”), though he does finance a restaurant and get a sandwich named after him in the course of the show. He definitely still has no idea how to tip, though. But the main character in Atkinson’s novel, Hugo, reminds me of Larry for a different reason: he has a fatal disease that he could cure if he would just quit smoking, but he’s actually too stubborn to do it. He likes smoking. This nonsensical, self-defeating stubbornness is a quality that also bleeds into his relationships, to predictable effect. Now, where have I seen that before?Thomas Bernhard, WoodcuttersIf you could get inside Larry David’s head on his worst day, it might sound a little something like this. The narrator of this novel is an unnamed writer sitting in a chair at a party—a party he deeply wishes he hadn’t attended—and thinking about how much he hates everybody there, and how pathetic their pretensions, and how moronic their social niceties, and how boring their small talk, and how pompous their king, and how he used to be one of them. Plus, look at the haircut and glasses on the above cover. It must be fate.Nicholson Baker, The MezzanineConsidering how long Larry can fixate on the tiniest, most unimportant of slights or details, I think this novel—which consists of the insignificant thoughts a man has on the escalator, about shoelaces, and straws, and men whistling in the bathroom, only elaborated, abstracted, and footnoted into ecstatic oblivion—is more than appropriate. It’s the tedium and internal mania of everyday life made pleasurable. IPhilip Roth, The Ghost WriterPhilip Roth is to Nathan Zuckerman as Larry David is to, well, Larry David. In the Zuckerman novels, Roth explores the tension between creator and created, and also investigates Jewish and masculine identity in America. And it’s not just the project that is similar. Both Zuckerman and Larry can be myopic and abrasive—though Roth has much more to say about sex than Larry, whose character at least seems almost wholly asexual—and honest to the point of alienation. And like Curb, Zuckerman Bound (the trilogy that begins with The Ghost Writer) is tragicomic gold.Kingsley Amis, Lucky JimAmis himself is a deeply Larry David-ish figure, though admittedly British and also worse. His first wife once described Amis’s “endless complaints about what seemed to me harmless things like apparently ordinary, nice people going through the swing-door at Elliston’s restaurant. He’d start muttering, ‘Look at those fools; look at that idiot of a man,’ and so on. If doors got stuck, or he was held up by some elderly person getting off a bus, or the wind blew his hair all over the place, he would snarl and grimace in the most irritating fashion.” (His politics weren’t great either.) Perhaps he was drawing from experience in writing Lucky Jim, whose protagonist is utterly unable to get along with people, even when it’s of utmost importance that he do so—it’s a comedy of anti-manners, a tragedy of shooting oneself in the foot.Saul Bellow, HerzogMoses Herzog isn’t an exact match for Larry David, but he’s also a middle-aged, neurotic, overly-intellectual Jewish man with a penchant for divorce and hackneyed plans. Charming but erratic; well-intentioned but deeply cranky. Not to mention starring in a work of art that also bears his name.Gary Shteyngart, Super Sad True Love StoryThis one is admittedly a little inexact, but none of the above choices really capture the essential silliness—and many tragicomic failures—of Larry David as he exists on Curb. He makes a lot of mistakes, most of them utterly avoidable, and the result is a lot of useless flopping back and forth. Similar is Lenny, the protagonist of Shteyngart’s third novel, though he is perhaps more hopeless and definitely less sure of himself. But that said, were Larry David a single man trying to date in the future of this novel, he might be equally self-conscious and buffoonish.David Gates, JerniganThe eponymous narrator of Gates’s novel is, as Michiko Kakutani put it in The Times, “irresponsible, hostile, defensive, cruel, lazy and destructive. He is also funny, conflicted, self-aware and oddly sympathetic.” He is outfitted with “one of those distinctive, all-American voices: brash, sarcastic, rueful and boyish, all at the same time. He sounds like a Holden Caulfield who has grown up to find himself trapped in a novel by Richard Yates.” Like Larry, Jernigan is a selfish but fascinating misanthrope who is somewhat unhinged by social norms. Unlike Larry, of course, Jernigan is a drunk. But hey, there’s still time.Don DeLillo, AmericanaLike Curb Your Enthusiasm, Americana is essentially plotless, and it also concerns a not-completely-likeable TV executive, David Bell, and it also investigates the superficiality of everyday life—which, I would argue, Larry David does both with and within his television shows. But more importantly, an essential dissatisfaction permeates both works, a dissatisfaction that is both subject and atmosphere. Then we came to the end of another dull and lurid year. . . Created by Grove Atlantic and Electric Literature